On February 1st, 2011, Starwoo's share was on the market, and it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, and it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other hand, it's on the other side, it's on the other hand, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side.
(a) The lead point for domestic autonomous car lights (an estimated 15 per cent of domestic lights in 2023). The redevelopment company, the year in which the automobile industry experienced a structural trend of high energy penetration in 2020-2023, and the year in 2018, when the automobile industry had poor overall opportunities and few structural growth, resulting in a value premium for companies with certain performance growth;
The year saw the transformation of the company’s new energy and autonomous brand customers; third, in the car-light industry, in 2018, the lights were upgraded from halogen thorium to led and are currently being upgraded to adb, dlp.
It is a safe piece with high customization, unique appliance properties, a light, a single light, integrated architecture, optical, electronic, software, etc. engineer, and high barriers to industry. The share rate of the local municipality of Asamong shares rose rapidly from 6% (2015) to 15% (2022), with a competitive advantage in: 1)
More foreign capital: engineer dividend, rapid response capability; 2) ratio: sustainable R & D capability, excellent cost-control capability (models, modules self-made), stable supply capacity. Development prospects: product intelligence, client new energyization, globalization. Safety to intelligence, car light production.
The product continues to upgrade, with the world's lights projected for 2025 (with headlights plus rear tails plus outdoors) exceeding 400 billion and the country's close to 150 billion. 1) Intelligent products, in terms of light products, B. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - three-quarter harvests beyond the automobile industry, strategic cooperation.
New technologies for mainstream lights, such as board adb, dlp, starring lights, gridlights, developments in research and development, and global lights.
Development and application, and extension of the capacity circle through industrial chain synergy (twice, China, one-dimensional technology, Eurometallurgical semiconductor, S.A.S.A. (601799.sh) - Quarterly net profit ring growth of 9%, products, etc.)
"Sung-woo shares (601799.sh) - product upgrades, client transformations, global lights source customers, continuously rising. 3) Clients are globalized, and Serbian factories are overseas. "Sung-woo shares (601799.sh)" - strategic collaboration with the horizon to advance "line"
The first capacity of the expansion, with the current global city of Stars accounting for about 3-4%, is available for follow-up to the global development space. Profit forecasting and valuation: a slight upward adjustment of the collection forecast to maintain the profit forecast, taking into account the volume of new energy projects, for the preface: the review and outlook of the taps of the autonomous car.
Carlights are high-quality lanes for the breakdown of car parts, high-quality lanes for the breakdown of car parts, with three attributes: high start, high elasticity, and continuous product upgrading. 1) High start -- high vehicle value: parts in the traditional car parts track that exceed the value of the carlights
Only total power (average of $6000-$10,000 in engine gear boxes) and total seating (average of 2000 dollars), total light (approximately $3,000), motor system (approximately $2,000), tyres (approximately $1,500), glass (approximately $800).
(b) The value of the dlp car lamp, valued at $4,000, over $10,000, is second only to laser radar, autopilot control, air hangar, etc. 2) The value of the flexi-tech upgrades has increased significantly: the lamp is an important look on the car.
The pattern and design of the lamp has a significant impact on car consumers, and in the trend towards car digitisation and individualization, the cost of the lamp in the car as a whole is increasing. Previously, the headlights were the technology path of “halogen-pyridine-led-adb-hb-dlp” and the average price of the single headlight was roughly “200-400-1,000”-2000.
Higher than $10,000, with a constant and rapid increase in value. 3) Continuing long-spaced scale, with continuous product upgrades: Carlights are now upgraded from halogen-thin-led products, future more intelligent arrays of adb lamps, dlp lamps are the direction of development, and in the upgrading process, single car prices
Values continue to increase (LED process, full set of car lights from $1600 to $3,000). Automobile lamps in front lamps (halogen-hed-adb-hdadb-dlp), backtail lamps (format-separated-crossing, light bulbs on sources-led-surfaced-led-3doled), atmosphere lamps (front grids,
We've been focusing on the Stars and Carlights industry since 2015, publishing industry topics and company depth reports.
Carlight Industry Series I: Market Space for Carlights, Technological Upgrading and Business Layouts, 2018807, CarLight Industry Series II: Competition Patterns in CarLight Industry, 20181023 Stars: Centennial Reciprocals: Opportunities and Challenges for Stars, 20191014
"Seam-601799-Seam-ear-ear-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-o-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e
This is the Recycle and Outlook of the Autonomous Carlights, which has been developing for nearly 20 years. Analysis of the central advantages of the Sorbonne shares in the competition in the CarLight industry, as well as an exhibition of the future development of the Sorbonne shares.
The lamp industry has shown a very good picture of a competitive picture of global parts and components, and from Europe, Japan, China, the lights have risen, and they have painted the world’s classic transfer path to manufacturing. The current global lights industry is Europe, Japan, Europe, Japan, and Japan.
In recent years, China’s auto market has emerged as a high-quality autonomous lamp company, Starwoo’s shares. In conclusion, Oslan controls the source of the upgrading of the lights, and Hirafareo controls the design of the lights.
Solar systems and home-grown companies follow. This is like: Oslan is a chemical material factory. Heila Fareo is an international fashion designer.
The second-class third-rate car-lighting firm (the majority of small-sized ATMs in the country) is the owner of a treasure-hunting shop, mainly because of differences in the location of the products of the downstream customers of the ATM, and the different demand for a car-lighting company's technical path and strategic direction. This study looks at a first-rate ALD.
The first part of the review of the history of the development of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the company, which describes the path of the business of the company, explores the pattern of development, we believe, based on the circumstances of the car market, trends in the car light industry, internal company operations, etc.
Widwards says that there are many similarities between the 2024 and 2018 shares; the second part, the tracer shares, is the cause of the autonomous headlights, the industry ends by analysing the characteristics of the lamp industry, dismantling the light production process, exploring barriers in the light industry, and the company ends by breaking apart the different headlines through Dubon.
The third part is looking at the future development of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star, and we're at the end of the industry, counting the penetration and market space of the front lamp, the rear tail light, the outer atmosphere light, the company end, from the product and the client dimension, looking forward to the company's subsequent development, and the product dimension is centred around intelligence (new new product, steam, new technology of the lamp).
The customer dimension is centred on new energyization and globalization, and the development of the Reciprocal: the path to the development of autolight autonomous poles The redevelopment of the Corporation has gone through the following stages:
Figure 2: Starwoo shares 2007 to date has developed a remix map 1) 2007-2015: size of initial equipment. Carlight industry is dominated by halogen, niobium, etc., until 2015, with a companion client in a red flag, Chirre car, benefiting from a deep mass, a gas ton Toyota, public, etc.
In 2007-2015, the Division registered a 24% increase in compound rates. At this stage, the company focused on moving into the mainstream joint venture, expanding its pre-light production capacity, and upgrading its pre-light manufacturing capacity.
Led-light orders were opened, and clients became autonomous (Chire, a red flag, etc.) - joint ventures (one populaire, one populist, one populist Toyota, etc.). 3) 2018-2020: double gain (growth acceleration). Quantified stars rely on one populist, one populist Toyota, etc.
Joint venture fleeting, coupled with the client ' s deepening of the joint venture from the German-Japanese system (Eung Fung Niang, Hiroshima Toyota, Hiroshima Honda, Dong Fung Honda, etc.) and high-end upwards (Audi, BMW, Mercedes, etc.); the release of the front-light light order from the price-end star, the increase in profitability, the company ' s volume, prices, profits, and the rapid growth in performance,
In a broader context, the joint venture fuel truck industry was hit hard, corporate corporate sales of the joint venture-based client structure were under pressure, performance slowed down, stock prices fell, and the company was fully transformed in 2021 to embrace new energy power clients and was ordered to take over. In 2023, the new energy customer lights project, represented by small capital, were released.
The company’s share of new energy customers has increased at an accelerated rate, with steady upward performance and a small increase in equity prices.) After 2024: a new phase, a new journey. Looking ahead, in 2024 and beyond, the price end, the front lamp has been upgraded from a led-adb-dlp, the tail lamp has been upgraded from a separate taillight-a cutting tail light, folding the starring lights, the grids.
We believe that there are many similarities between 2024 and 2018: first, outside the car market.
With regard to the environment, in 2024, the automobile industry experienced a high energy penetration from 2020 to 2023, and in 2018, the automobile industry experienced a first year of decline, a lack of aggregate opportunities in the industry and a scarcity of structural growth, leading to a certain growth in performance.
The company has a premium on valuation; second, in terms of its internal operations, the company ' s share in Starwood has been transformed into a customer structure, with new energy and ownership brand clients from the new power of the company taking stock, and new energy and ownership brand clients (Hwai, Chiré, Urai, Peng, Ideas, Jili, etc.) have been transformed. In 2018, the company ' s top two clients were the German family (I).
In 2024, two of the company’s top clients, or Chiré and Hua, upgraded the nuclear front lights, and is currently in the process of upgrading the led front lights to adb, dlp.
(a) Core barriers to the carlight industry: Carlights are both outward and safe, with highly customized, exclusive attributes (which lead to a superior competitive pattern), and they are the car's “eyes” and are one of the core selling points of the body-consumption class and are therefore a mandatory change in the model/substitution of the vehicle.
Its R & D, design, production processes combine optical, structural, mechanical, electronic, etc., and require a high degree of integration of the lighting plants. The lighting industry is an industry with customer resource barriers, technical barriers, cost barriers, and qualitative certification barriers.
Competition patterns in the CarLight industry: 1) The global market for CarLights is dominated by oligopolistic patterns, with the five leading lights monopolizing 66 per cent of the market share, namely, Niño, Japan (16 per cent), Faleo, France (13 per cent), Manetti Marelli (14 per cent), Heera, Germany
12%), Stanley, Japan (11%). We believe that the oligopolistic competition pattern of car lamps is linked to a combination of high-quality, customized, exclusive, quality certification, cost, technical barriers, etc., and the overall stock of car lights plants 2) and that the domestic market of car lamps has maintained a “super-high” competition pattern for many years, with the share of the local market holding the share in the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the United States.
The country’s domestic lights market is characterized by a relatively competitive pattern, with its suppliers mainly representing Chinese vision, the stock of Starwood, and the head of foreign-owned lights. As a private, independent third-party-light supplier, the stock of Starwood has grown rapidly, with the market rising rapidly from 6 per cent in 2015 to 15 per cent in 2022.
(i) Actively exploring new projects: on the one hand, companies have a combination of engineer dividends, i.e. optical, structural design, mechanical, electronic, algorithmic controls, etc., and lamp products meet the requirements of head starters; on the other hand,
The company has the ability to respond quickly and in a more timely manner to its customers' needs than a foreign-owned lighting plant.) One of the strengths of the in-house effort is the ability to sustain its research and development capabilities, which is at an upstream level compared to the overseas head-lighting industry, where it has increased its use of electronics and forward-looking cars in recent years.
Research and development inputs for new lighting technologies (e.g., adb, dlp, starring lights, grids, etc.); capacity two is cost control capacity, companies have the capacity to make their own industrial chains (e.g., molds, modules, etc.), capital cost management (a positive move towards digitalization); capacity three is the ability to stabilize supply capacity, on the one hand
The company's cash flow is abundant, the business's operating risks are low, while the company's manufacturing performance is excellent, and the production of carlight products is high.
Development prospects: product intelligence, client new energyization, globalization Carlight industry: from safety to intelligence, continuous upgrading of carlight products, front lights from led (asp 1500)-adb (asp 3,000-4,000)-dlp (asp 15,000+), tail lamps from separation (asp400-600)-
It is expected that the global market for car lamps (with front and rear lights and outer atmosphere lights) will be more than 400 billion in 2025.
In the case of car-light products, stock layout adb, dlp, starlights, grids, etc., new technology for street-lights, progress in research and development and basic synchronization of global traffic lights, car electronics, as well as the star stock.
Strengthening the development and application of new technologies and expanding the circle of capabilities through industrial chain synergies (Risk Soft, Horizon, Huahua, Track Technology, Eurometallurgical Semiconductor, etc.), where the electronic products of the company in partnership with the industrial chain are made up of the perception layer - Decision-level - Implementation layer, with a single-car value of tens of thousands of yuan, the sensor layer being laser radar (in combination with one-dimensional technology, etc.)
The decision-making level is carlight controllers (self-researched), driving domain controllers (in cooperation with horizons) and running adb and dlp (in collaboration with China).
The new power lights project, which is represented by the question world’s 9%, the small peng, the ideal, and so forth, represents a significant increase in the performance of the Department’s domestic lights, with the share of new energy customers continuously rising. Corporate clients are globalized: Serbian factories are the first lights production to expand as Sung-woo overseas, marking the growth of ash-woo.
At present, the share of the starlight front lamp is estimated to be 15% in the domestic market, and the share of the global market is estimated to be 3-4%, along with the continued expansion of the global clients of the starlight industry, which is expected to be followed by global developments. With the advantage of rapid response, cost control, and so forth, the share of the planet is expected to leapfrog beyond the world.
On February 1, 2011, Star-woo's share was listed as the home-owned headlights (in 2022, the domestic lights market took over).
Rewinding companies have gone through the following stages: 1) 2007-2015: size of initial equipment. By 2015, the lighting industry was dominated by halogens, thorium gas, etc., and the sung stock was set up as a companion for red flags, Chire cars, benefiting from a deep mass, a toyota, public, public, etc.
The Department’s revenues increased from $450 million in 2007 to $2.47 billion in 2015, compared with 23.8 per cent in Cagr. The company’s annual compound rate of growth was 24 per cent.
In the context of car intelligence, car block sex starts, and the share price of Starwoo is raised from $33.9 in early 2016 to $13.7 billion by the end of the year. At this stage, the share of Starwoo successfully opened up the led light order, and the client realized the development of autonomy (Chire, a red flag, etc.) - joint ventures (a populaire, a toyota, etc.).
3) 2018-2020: double gain (growth acceleration). In the context of the low climate of declining sales in the automobile industry since 2018, the carlight industry has continued to upgrade from halogen thorium-led, relying on the formerly large, Toyota-based joint ventures for further cultivation, while accelerating the opening of the solar system (Tung Feng Honda, Dong Fung, Hiro).
Yearly growth in red flags, release of price-end starhead lights, increased profitability, company volumes, prices, profits into upwards, performance across the industry cycle with 20 per cent growth rate of cagr between 2018 and 2020, 38 per cent net profit increase rate of cagr, and an increase in the Maori rate from 22.6 per cent to 27.3 per cent (benefiting from led to Piti)
In 2021, the company made a complete transition to embrace new energy power clients and took orders. In 2023, the company made orders.
The new energy customer lighting project, represented by Slight, accelerated growth in the company ' s new energy client base, steady upwards performance and a small increase in equity prices. In the first three quarters of 2023, the same year, the increase was 21 per cent to $7.2 billion, 5) after 2024: a new phase, a new journey. Looking forward to 2024 and beyond, the price at the end of the price, the headlights from the front.
Led-adb-dlp upgrades, taillights from separated taillights - cross-cutting taillights, scalding of ringlights, grids, etc., increased permeability of exterior lights, volume end, sustained use of new energy customers (Walth, ideal, ale, peng, Gilly, Chirry, etc.) to support corporate performance growth. In addition, companies accelerate the globalization layout (Serrell)
We believe that there are many similarities between the 2024 Star stock and 2018: first, outside the car market.
With regard to the environment, in 2024, the automobile industry experienced a structural trend of high energy penetration in 2020-2023, and in 2018, the automobile industry experienced a first year of decline in suv penetration and acquisition tax policy overhang in 2016-2017, with industries lacking aggregate opportunities and scarce structural growth leading to value premiums for companies with certain performance growth;
Second, with regard to the company's internal operations, the stockholdings have been transformed into customer structures, the company's day runs between 2018 and 2020, the Japanese and German client base has been transformed, the new power sources of energy and autonomous brands of companies have been released in 2024, and new energy and autonomous brands have been introduced.
The first two clients of the company in 2018 were the German (a mass) and the Japanese (i.e., with regard to the external traffic light environment, which was upgraded in 2018 from a halogen thorium gas lamp to a light in the light in the light in the ed light towards adb, dlp.
On the one hand, the company's growth rate of revenue is running from the history of changing shares of downstream sales in passenger cars, the company's client structure for the period 2007-2015 is now shifting from autonomous-joint ventures, the autonomous brand customers' share of the vehicle is falling in the transition process, and the share of the company's own brand is falling in the interior of the vehicle.
Increase in the share of over-deep farming in support of high-quality clients; harvest period for corporate joint-venture clients and accelerated expansion of solar and high-end joint-venture clients, whose share in the vehicle fleet is moving up; increase in the penetration rate of new energy sources since 2021, with the company ' s original client sales under pressure and share in the vehicle fleet
Figure 7: Shares of major customers in 2007-2023 as a share of total sales in passenger cars 2007-2015: size of initial equipment. Carlight industry is dominated by halogens, thorium gas, etc. by 2015 and the stock of stars is set up with a red flag, a Chiri car, which benefits from a deep mass, a toyota, a company camp, etc.
At this stage, the company focused on moving into the mainstream joint venture mainframe, while expanding its pre-light capacity and upgrading its pre-light manufacturing capacity.
In February 1993, the Wujin County Starbucks Lighting Plant - the Changzhou City Starbike Lighting Plant - the Changzhou Starbow Light Company - and the Changzhou Starbucks Company - were listed as autonomous lights. The Wujin County Starbucks Lighting Plant was established in February 1993. In February 1993, the Wujin County Starbucks Lighting Plant was renamed the Changbing City Starbucks Lighting Plant.
In October 2007, the company was changed to a limited group of companies, with a registered capital of $1 million. In 2011, the shares of the company were placed on the market.
Accompanied clients have expanded from autonomous (Chire) to joint ventures (one populist, one gas Toyota, etc.). The number of new models has led to an increase in the collection of the share of Starwood in the period 2007-2015 (24% of the collection of cagr).
Toyota and Chirre, the Volkswagen public, and other customer-backed car-type products continue to be released, leading to a steady increase in revenue. Figure 10: Disaggregated customer structures from 2007 to 2015 (millions of US dollars) for the share-sharing products of Astro, the company’s clients have expanded from Chirí to a single to a joint venture clientele like Toyota.
In 2007-2014, the share of Chiré in the company fell from 53.35% to 13.36%, the share of one to 38.18%, the share of one ton to 14.58%, and the share of one tortur tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor tor, and the sales of one torto, tortototo and Chirre.
From this stage of the client strategy, the company has been successful in moving from autonomous production (Chire) - joint venture targeting or volume production (i.e., mass, toyota, Toyota East, Toyota Hiroshima, etc.) - high-end client development (BMW, Ody, etc.) from autonomous production (Chi Ri) to joint ventures (i.e., to the public, to the Toyota, Toyota East Wind Day, etc.) from 2007 to 2013.
In 2014, the company opened up the market for the entire Japanese car factory, and the harvest period led to a faster increase in revenues from the sale of Toyota, Hiroshima and Toyota. The high-end customers also made a substantial breakthrough and successfully acquired the Odisuv post-Odysuv cluster light development project, passing through Germany.
From a product point of view, the company ' s car lamp products were dominated by haloline and americium fluorescent lamps, increased research on new technologies (led, afs forward lamps), and successful research on the company ' s first afs front lights in 2014 was carried out.
From the point of view of productive capacity, the company ' s productive capacity has continued to expand, and as of 2015, the permanent vehicle lighting plant had a design capacity of 45 million units in 2015 and an actual capacity of 3.98 million units in construction, including the Gilling Sung-woo "a million annual lights project" and the "Carlight production and supporting projects" in Fushan.
2016-2017: In the context of growth (order break) Automotive smartness, car block sex started, the share price of Star was raised from $33.9 at the beginning of 2016 to $39.1 at the end of 2016, and the market value of the counterpart company was raised from $8.1 billion to $106; blue lined in 2017.
The value of Starwoo’s performance has continued to be robust, with revenue growth of 27 to 4.3 billion yuan on the same year, and the market value has risen from $10.6 billion at the beginning of the year to $13.7 billion at the end of the year. The stockholdings of Starwoo at this stage have opened up the led light order, and the client has developed from autonomy (Chire, a red flag, etc.) to joint ventures (a populaire, a toyota, etc.).
Figure 11: Development of a remix for the 2016 - 2017 share of Star Woo.
Increase in volume: autonomous (Cherigili) - joint ventures (into the public, toyota, Hiromoto) - foreign capital (Odiboma)
The price increases: the share of high unit prices, such as headlights, rear group lamps, etc.
The Led light project, which was collected in 2017, was the key year for the opening of the light order for the share of the Star in 2016-2017, and also for the development of light products such as adb.
Table 8: Audia 3, q5 and the post-package lamp project for the German BMW Global Platform (f45/f46lci) mark a new step in the upwards of corporate products.
In 2016, the first generation of the company successfully developed the adaptive forward light (adb headlights) and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Lake Ke Wings and with the Ka wing and other mainframe plants to promote the use of smart car lights, while launching the night-time assistive driving (nads) solution for the first time in the industry, actively setting up the smart driving, establishing the satellite smart car electronics company, a subsidiary of the State, and continuing to promote the application of new technologies, as well as a strategic cooperation agreement between the company and China, aimed at co-researching and developing Led vehicle-driven technology and promoting electronic applications in the light products.
The company ' s first generation, second generation adb headlights have been successfully developed; and the second generation of post-oled headlights have been successfully developed. 1) From new project orders, the company undertook 138 new projects in 2016, of which 19 were for headlights, of which 14 were headlights, 19 were for rear lights and 7-8 were for Led headlights in the headlights.
Table 9: Status of New Projects Orders 2016-2017. In 2016, the company took over 138 new projects, of which 19 had front lights, 45 had post-package lights, 118 had bulklights, and high-quality new projects provided strong guarantees for the future development of the company. Of these, the Odia3 and q5 front lights projects and the post-package lamp projects for the BMW platform, f45/f46lci, mark the high-end development of the company ' s products and the re-entry of new steps.
In 2017, the company took over 72 new projects for traffic lights and 104 new projects for bulk-carlights.2 2) In 2016, the first generation of the company successfully adapted to the long-light (adb front lights) and in 2017, the first generation of the company successfully developed the first generation and the second generation of the endb front lights.
Post-Deoled combination lights have been developed successfully, and the Automobile Electronics and Lighting Centre project has been launched. From a client’s point of view, from 2016 to 2017, the share of Astro has become autonomous (Chire, a red flag, etc.) - joint ventures (a populist, a gastotota, etc.) - foreign investment worldwide (Audi, BMW, etc.) + part of new energy and autonomy
In 2016, the Odia 3 and q5 front lights project and the post-package of f45/f46lci for the BMW platform in Germany marked a new stage in the high-end development of the company’s products, as well as the company’s new auxiliaries, 2017, and the company’s new jili, Congtai, etc.
By 2017, the company had three major production bases, Changzhou, Changchun, and Fushan. The project was expanded annually (with 2 million additional combined lights/foam lamps), and followed by 17 years.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the company officially entered bulk production (one million headlights + 1.6 million rear lights). The company is expected to produce more than 50 million headlights by 2017.
In the context of the atmosphere, the carlight industry has continued to upgrade from halogen sulfon-led, relying on a single-breathing public, a single-breathing Toyota, etc., for further cultivation, while accelerating the opening of the solar system.
High-end joint ventures (Benz, Audi, BMW, etc.), top-end joint ventures, with 2019-2020 red flags, growth, release of price-end starhead light orders, increased profitability, company numbers, prices, profits, upwards access, performance over industry cycle, 20 per cent increase in caagr, 20 per cent net, 2018-2020
The profit rate was 38 per cent cagr, the Māori rate increased from 22.6 per cent to 27.3 per cent (benefiting an increase in the share of led, an increase in the quality of goods, client high-end, etc.), and the valuation increased from 20 to 40 times (performance certainty and scarcity values increased from $14.5 billion to $55.4 billion), with relative gains in the automobile industry.
(a) Forelights: Halogen sulfon gas-led client: a mass, a gas, Toyota, East Wind, etc.;
In the second half of 2018, Star is making rapid progress among Japanese customers.
"Breaking through the Multiple Lamp Project" added to the 2019-2020 growth in red flags Price up: a higher value-added light camp for Led
From the second half of 2018, Starwoo entered the Led prelight age, and the Maori rate officially entered the net profit rate at 38% cagr and the share price quadrupled.
1) Increase in the number of core clients in the stock market, which is supported by a build-up in the volume of clients, which is supported by growth in performance. At the stock end, a toyota, a Volkswagen, a Chirre, a Volvo Toyota, an East Wind, a red flag. The sales of these customers in the car market rose from 30% in 2018 to 35% in 2020, in addition to a toll of the public,
Toyota, Chiré, and the group have increased their sales at a combined rate of 3%, 10%, 6%, and 13%, respectively, from 2018 to 2020, while the core downstream customers have continued to grow. At the incremental end, the company’s solar customers (Honga Toyota, East Wind, etc.) have continued to put their lights on.
In addition, from the point of view of the order, the company’s solar customers have continued to open up, and since the second half of 2018, they have broken through a lot of big lights. In addition, the company has continued to develop high-end customers, with Dem Germany in 2019.
Ten thousand and later combination lamps produced 4.3 million annually, while in 2019 Phase II of the Foshan Project was completed, and in 2020 Selvia was in the installation phase of electromechanical equipment. 2) Price rises: 2018-2020, year of light for the led, also year of the development of the adb lamp accelerator
From the point of view of the penetration rate in the car-light industry, between 2018 and 2020, the ed front-light penetration accelerated, and the adb headlights began to get into the car. The ed front-light penetration increased from 23% in 2018 to 68% in 2020, with the ed front-light market gradually releasing potential, with a total radiation up to 2020.
Medium- and low-end vehicles, from the start of a luxury car abb to a led-up model with more than 300,000 high-end cars in the country, ledized-medium-end model with a ledized trend - high-end vehicle-type ledized. In 2020, adb sales accounted for about 6% of total vehicle sales. In 2020, Led headlights were widely used as a market.
Mainstream selection, adb remains blank as a medium-to-high-end key vehicle type, with a wide market space. Figure 15: Intra-carled headlight penetration from 2018 to 2020. Figure 16: Intra-car-adb headlight penetration from 2019 to 2020
The high-value-added car lights, represented by the Led front lights, have led to a constant rise in the single price of the Starwood stock lamp. From 2018 to 2020, the total sales of company lights increased from 64,595,000 to 66,089,000, with a single-car light price rising from $70 to $104, and cagr to 22 per cent.
In addition, the company continued to invest in the development of pixel headlamps, adb projectors, and cross-cutting endlights between 2018 and 2020. In 2018, the company successfully developed pixel headlights; in 2019, the company successfully developed welding and size control technologies for cross-cutting taillights: in 2020, the company strengthened the forward lamp adb projector group,
Research and development is applied in post-oled combination lamps. Interest rates were high in 2020, owing to: 1) improved product structure (or reduced light share, led and high-value-added lights upgrade); 2) higher self-sufficiency of core materials; and 3) lower cost of raw materials.
In a broader context, the joint venture fuel truck business was hit hard, and the corporate joint venture represented the sales of the client structure, and the division was fully transformed in 2021 to embrace the new energy power clients, with successive orders. In 2023, the new energy customer lights project, represented by Xiaoji, accelerated the company ' s share of new energy customers, accelerated the growth of business.
Performance has been steady and stock prices have risen slightly. In the first three quarters of 2023, the revenue growth was 21 to 7.2 billion dollars in the same year, and the share client: joint venture clients have suffered a decline in the new energy shock and transition.
Billion yuan, an increase of 8.0 per cent in the same year, net profit from the mother $950 million, a decrease of 18.1 per cent in the same year, an increase in the price of major raw materials for the company ' s products due to multiple factors such as the epidemic, and an increase in labour and manufacturing costs, figure 21: net profit from the mother ' s share in the first three quarters of 2021-2023
Underlying the growth in the number of places collected by the company in 2021-2022 is the company’s joint venture-based client structure. After collating the sales of the company’s main clients in 2021-2022, we found that the sales of the company’s main joint venture customers (a gas public, a gastototata, an East Wind, etc.) grew at a lower rate than the industry, and that sales fell in some of the years.
During the first three quarters of 2023, stock sales increased, adding to the new power-incremented vehicle fleet, and the share-in-stock rate increased to 21%. On the one hand, stock-side autonomous customers, a red flag and Chirre, increased their sales faster than industry;
On the other hand, the company ' s new power vehicle project was released and contributed to significant growth in its performance. Figure 24: Percentage of sales of ideal vehicles from 2021 to 2023. Figure 25: Growth of sales of ideal vehicles from 2021 to 2023.
In terms of company capacity, as of 2022, the share in Starwood was as follows: 1) Permanent State Old Plants with a total capacity of 45 million headlights; 2) Permanent State Smart Industry Parks: 1 plant with an annual pre-capability lamp, 2 million post-composition lamps, 2 million headlights, 3 projects with a combined capacity of 2.3 million headlights and 2.8 million headlights.
Post-combined lamps, five-phase plant construction boosts since 2022, with capacity planned for 500,000 starring lights, grids, 500,000 lights; 3) Gilling plant: once fully completed, one plant will produce 2 million headlights, 2 million back-set lights, 2 million headlights, and 2 million headlight production capacity, currently due to changes in client production layouts
Post-combined light production capacity, 1.8 million headlights and 2.8 million post-combined light production capacity throughout the post-partum period in 2019 in the second cycle. 5) Serbian plant: construction of the Serbian starworks in 2021, with the project from the European mainframe starting in 2022, will be in the production phase, with an annual production capacity of 1 million headlights and later.
1.7 million light combinations and 1.7 million light combinations. Overall, the company currently has 14 million large lights, followed by more than 24 million light combinations and more than 50 million light combinations. 2024: New phase, new journey
Looking ahead, in 2024 and beyond, the front lights will be upgraded from the left-adb-dlp, the taillights from the separated taillights - the cross-cutting taillights will be upgraded, the outer atmosphere lights, such as starring rings, grids, etc., will be more permeated, the end of the scale, the company’s new energy customers will continue to be released (Hwa, Idea, Ulen, Peng, Gilly, Chir).
The rapid globalization layout (Serbia, etc.), based on such advantages as product strength, value for money, rapid responsiveness, forward-looking technology, etc., is expected to fully enjoy the dividends of the upgrading of the carlight industry, globalization and new energy dividends. The accelerated globalization layout (Serbia, etc.).
Outlook: Product Intelligence, New Energy for Clients, Globalisation.” We believe that there are many similarities between the 2024 share in Stars and 2018: first, with respect to the automobile market, the 2024 automobile industry experienced a structural shift in new energy penetration from 2020 to 2023 and the 2018 automobile industry.
The first year of a fall in the suv high penetration and acquisition tax policy, 2016-2017, the lack of aggregate opportunities in the industry, and the scarcity of structural growth, have resulted in a value premium for companies with certain performance growth; and, second, on the inside of the company, the sus-woo shares have undergone a client restructuring transformation, with the company ' s solar customers releasing from 2018-2020, completed
The transformation of the solar and German client structure began in 2024 with the introduction of new energy and autonomous brand clients from the new power of the company and the transformation of new energy and autonomous brand clients (Wai Chai, Chir, Ulai, Peng, Ideas, Jili, etc.). The top two clients of the company in 2018 were the German sector (a populaire) and the Japanese system (a toyota), 2024
On the environmental front, in 2018, the headlights were upgraded from halogen thorium gas to the led front lamp, and are now being upgraded to the ed headlights at adb, dlp.
Characteristics of lamps: Appearance, security, optical power as a whole, barrier high Appearance: Alight is a mandatory change (upgrade/replacement), custom, high rate/precision requirement A lamp is a consumer-grade component, a mandatory change (upgrade/replacement) and a key factor in determining whether to purchase it
Carlights are referred to as car eyes and are one of the components of a car that combines lighting, information exchange, beauty, etc., and are important as an appearance. With the spread of new energy vehicles and the upgrading of car smart driving, carlights have gradually evolved from the initial lighting to the plastics function, leading to perception and interaction.
In the age of smart cars, smart car lights such as adb, dlp, cross-cutting taillights, grid lights, starlights, etc. have developed technology that drives car lights to be electronic and intelligently upgraded. Figure 26: Carlights are important appearances, constantly being upgraded.
Carlights, which are consumer-grade parts of the body, have consumer-upgrading properties, are a necessary change in the model/upgrade, and are a key factor in the consumer's decision to buy them.
Continuous breakthroughs in useful life, electronic technology, etc., will facilitate the progress of cars in terms of safety, utility, environmental protection, physical appearance, etc., and even become an important incentive for consumers to purchase cars. 1) The lights are a mandatory change in the replacement/upgrading of vehicles.
In addition, the autonomous and joint brand has been continuously upgraded from the halogen-led-adb headlights, for example, with a popular viewer, with section 2018 equipped with low-alogens, high-alde headlamps and full-scale led by section 2021, and up to sections 2023 and 2024.
When the lights are low, high, adb headlights. (2) Carlights are a key factor in the consumer's decision to buy, and the company is willing to upgrade the lights, build heavy weights, and sell them. For example, the headlights for m9 were listed in December, and it was a smart car solution in China.
The case manager has been promoting one of the core sales points, m9 with the latest black technology -- the Xpixel smart car, the light solution, which enables millions of pixel-grade precision-tracking shielding, smart-light blankets, close-in-the-horizon, the front and back-to-back lights of the Xpixel smartcar solution. The Xpixel smartlight solution uses double-lights.
Combining algorithms allows for precision-free lighting and a more flexible application of small size modelling models. At the same time, Xpixel smartlights provide a million-pixel-grade precision-track cover, similar to a map, which will provide a perfect cover for cars, drivers and even pedestrians, so that the lights do not shine into people's eyes and heads, and make the night possible.
In addition to upgrading the basic performance of the lights, there are many innovations in the interactivity of the lights. The Xpixel smartlight solution is a smart-blank function that helps the driver to judge whether narrow lanes are accessible, and shows a safe travel width in the blind zone.
A Xpixel smartlight can project an interactive carpet, reminding others that a vehicle is close, and a smart light blanket can also perform the function of guiding the light, directing pedestrians to safe passage without the zebra section, and alerting others to the path of the vehicle in advance of the turn and change of scenery; and a Xpixel smartlight with Xpixel.
The development of a combined xpixelkits package can be adapted to more applications, such as close-the-spot receptions, holiday eggs, music, effects, outdoor projection, etc., interacting in light language, giving cars an unlimited possibility to communicate with people.
Figure 29: Million pixel-grade precision tracking mask for xpixel smartlights: Figure 30: Small volume modeling for xpixel smartlights: Figure 31: Development package for xpixel smartlights
Carlights require high standards of quality and accuracy. Carlight manufacturing requires a combination of multidisciplinary capabilities (materials, optical, electronics, mechanical engineering, etc.) and high standards of accuracy and accuracy.
The quality and appearance of lamps are also very demanding, so the ability to design, manufacture, quality control, etc. is a key factor in determining the competitiveness of the enterprise that manufactures them. The manufacture of lamps requires the use of interdisciplinary (materials, optical, electronics, mechanical engineering, etc.) knowledge and technology.
There is usually a long-term process of accumulation. The main product of the stockholding is a front lamp, a back-to-back lamp, a fog light, and so on, and the production of the product consists of three steps: product design, specialized equipment manufacturing, and product production.
1) Product design. The design of the product is based on the requirements of the whole manufacturing enterprise (including modeling, quality, time, cost), together with the planning of the process to be used in the manufacture of the product, the special equipment required and the production line.
) then complete the manufacture, assembly and debugging of the production line. Figure 34: Flowchart of the plasticized process, Figure 36: Flowchart of the front-light assembly process
Figure 37: Post-combined light assembly process flow chart 3)) Production of products. Production of specific products on the above-mentioned production lines according to the pre-planned process.
The combination of efforts to develop a car lamp requires, in addition to the expertise of the line, the ability to combine the PV modules with the chemist. Because the lights are not just part of the design, they can be designed with minor structural design, optical design, model structure design, and they also involve the requirements of the built-up process, as well as the model production process, carlights.
The process of assembly, so all the time, carlights need to be integrated, not just one area of expertise. 2) Along with the development of electronics, intelligence, and the continuous upgrading of lights such as led-adb-hdadb-dlp, the more complex structure of the lights, optical design, algorithm control, number of model development, etc.
More precision is required, more soft power is required for the lights, which are customized car parts, which are custom products, not standard products, and which are required for every new model developed by the entire manufacturing enterprise.
Carlight manufacturing companies collaborate with each other very often. In order to save the costs of coordination, cesspooling, and purchasing, the whole car manufacturing enterprise tends to work with fixed suppliers.
Customized, personalized development design needs are high. The configuration and technical trends of traffic lights displayed in 2022-2023 showed that the lights were upgraded in light sources, model designs, modular techniques, etc. The medium-source technology can be broken down into hdadb headlamps, oed tails, mini-led, etc., with water in their prototypes.
A crystal light, a diamond effect lamp, a mechanical dynamic lamp, a hidden lamp, a cross-sectional lamp, a module with the characteristics of flattening, miniaturization, etc. Safety features: carlights are unique parts, required by law, high requirements for light/distribution/mortality/life
Carlights are unique accessories. \triangleright lights are the source of a rare, high-quality track with unique attributes in car parts.
On the one hand, the lamps are highly customized, and if they are split into a supply and b supply, there are problems with the inconsistent products of the two lighting plants due to differences in capacity, such as the ability to match the light, the mold, etc., and the other.
On the other hand, in part, the entire vehicle manufacturing enterprise would have to bear the upfront costs of the design, model development, etc. of the car lamp and the long design period of the vehicle lamp development, and therefore the suppliers of each lamp would be mostly single-sourced in terms of production costs and time costs.
You can refer to the Marklines front lights, which are basically exclusive. The lights have regulatory requirements, and strict procedures are followed in selecting the car lights.
Carlights are important for the safety of cars, and the entire manufacturing enterprise follows strict procedures for selecting vehicle lamps suppliers, with a high combination of technical, quality, procurement, supply, etc., and a relatively long clearance period. As a first step, enterprises entering the car light manufacturing industry must pass through iatf16949:2016.
Certification of the volume management system. The system requires that the audited party have a production and quality management record for at least 12 months; step two, the quality of the car lamps is very demanding for the whole car manufacturing enterprise, which conducts multiple quality and technical evaluations of suppliers, through which they are awarded qualified suppliers, suppliers and suppliers.
In order to be able to participate in the project bidding process, step three, the whole-car manufacturing enterprise regularly evaluates the supplier's supply; therefore, the whole-car manufacturing enterprise needs to invest considerable human, financial and time to select a qualified supplier; similarly, the supplier needs to be strong enough to pass the certifications and evaluations.
In the short term, through the certification of the iatf16949:2016 quality management system and the evaluation of the whole car manufacturing enterprise, figure 42: Firms must follow strict procedures in selecting their car light suppliers.
16949: Quality management system certification for 2016 requires that the audited party must have a production and quality management record for at least 12 months • the entire car manufacturing enterprise will perform multiple quality and technology exercises on suppliers
• The entire manufacturing enterprise regularly evaluates the supplier's supply status
Carlights can be divided into light and non-lighting states, different light levels, light-source particles, etc., which can lead to car lamps.
The light requirements for the pre-lights, based on the national sign gb 4599-2007, are that the near-lights should have enough lighting and not show off the driver coming in face to face, that the distance light should have a good and sufficient light, that the front-lights will be tested using a photoscreen.
Information on colour performance, where new sources of light, such as led, are usually very different from traditional light sources in their light quality, unlike traditional lighting products, where the product is usually designed in a holistic manner and requires secondary light, and for white led, which is often used in lighting, where blue light and yellow green fluorescent powder are used to obtain white light.
Fluorescent powder above a led chip is restricted by process and unevenly distributed, resulting in a change in the mix ratio between blue and yellow light in a different direction, followed by an uneven spatial distribution of led chip; a further cause is the white light from multiple rgbled beads, and due to differences in the color of each light bead.
It creates a problem of uneven colours. Figure 43: Led optical design effects (left figure) and led actual lighting effects (right figure) are combined above, and we believe that car lamps are both outward and safe and are highly customized and unique.
The lamp is a combination of optical, structural design, mechanical, electronic, etc., and requires a combined capability for the light factory.
High. Carlight industry is a industry with customer resource barriers, technical barriers, cost barriers, quality certification barriers. Figure 44: Barriers to entry in the light industry, customer resource barriers
The relatively small number and concentration of large enterprises in the whole-car manufacturing industry are highly competitive because of the concentration of customer resources in this car lighting industry. Based on the following, existing firms in the car-light manufacturing industry are first in terms of customer resources.
The automobile lighting industry has strict product quality standards, and the whole manufacturing enterprise has an advantage. First, the whole manufacturing enterprise selects the vehicle lamp supplier in a way that is not so demanding as to be designed and produced.
It is often stringent and requires a great deal of human, financial and time investment. Similarly, the ability to build automobile lamps, quality control, etc., is a key factor in the competitiveness of automobile lamps manufacturing enterprises, which also need to be strong enough to become qualified suppliers.
Key factors. Automobile lamps require interdisciplinary knowledge and technology (materials, optical, electrical, secondary, auto-light products are custom-made, and the frequency of new products is developed, subsystems, mechanical engineering, etc.) and the acquisition of these knowledge and technology.
It usually takes a long-term process of accumulation. It's very high, and the whole car manufacturing enterprise, in order to reduce the cost of coordination, communication, and procurement, prefers to work with a fixed supplier.
The barriers to quality certification are found in two main ways. First, entering a car light system, entering a car light industry requires substantial prior investment in manufacturing equipment, while entering a car light industry.
Companies in the manufacturing industry must be certified through iatf16949:2016 quality management systems, which are very high and difficult to access without rapid scale production.
In general, it is difficult for new entrants to keep a record of quality management in a short time.
Intra-scale production, with the benefit of scale effects, is very strict, and automobile lamps manufacturing firms must pass through the entire car manufacturing enterprise.
In order to become a qualified supplier, a survey and evaluation process.
The competitive pattern of the car-light industry: a global oligopoly, with more than one in the country.
The global market for lamps is dominated by oligopolistic competition, with five leading lights monopolizing 66% of the market share. See Marklines, 2021, where the top five light manufacturers occupied 66% of the global market, while most of the other bulk suppliers split 35% of their share, and the top five lamps were Japan (16%) and France (Faleo), respectively.
13%), Manetti Marelli (14%), Heera, Germany (12%), and Stanley, Japan (11%). We believe that the oligopolistic competition pattern of car lamps is linked to the combination of the above-mentioned factors of high customization, sole confession, quality recognition, cost, technical barriers, and the high level of capacity required by car companies for the integrated mix of lighting plants.
Figure 45: Global CarLight Competition Patterns 2011 Figure 46: Global CarLight Competition Patterns 2021 The domestic CarLight Market has maintained a “super-high” competition pattern over the years, and the share of Starwood domestic markets continues to be mentioned
For many years, Chinese vision has been the leader of the domestic car-light industry (the largest volume), with the city accounting for more than 20%. “Multi” refers to foreign companies such as Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Stanley, Changchun Haira, Fareo, Hubei, and Starwoo, whose shares represent larger domestic firms. As private independent third-party car-light suppliers, the shares are growing rapidly.
Rapidly, the share of the city rose rapidly from 6 per cent in 2015 to 14 per cent in 2021. Carlight suppliers in the domestic carlight market were largely represented by Chinese vision, sars, head foreign-light companies, and the pattern of competition was relatively concentrated. On the one hand, the quality requirements of car parts for large whole-car manufacturing enterprises were high.
Very strict, usually selecting suppliers only within a limited list, and the tendency of some large whole-car manufacturing firms to choose suppliers in the system directly contributed to the larger market share of a small number of leading cars in the industry. Moreover, the technology requirements for car-backed lights are higher, and the joint venture companies are operating in the country.
By car, the first-line headlights account for most of the car appliance lights market. By contrast, the technology requirements for commercial car appliance lamps are relatively low, and the commercial car manufacturing industry is dominated by domestic capital, so that the in-house light manufacturing industry accounts for most of the commercial car appliance lights market.
Starwoo share competitive advantage: rapid response capacity, engineer dividend, continuous R & D input, cost control capacity, stabilization of supply capacity Qualitative analysis of star stock competitive advantage
In our view, the competitive advantage of the shares of the sung-woo can be summarized as: 1) Actively opening up new projects to the outside world: on the one hand, the company has the combined power of engineers, i.e. optical, structural, mechanical, electronic, algorithmic controls, etc., and the light product meets the requirements of the head car company; on the other hand, the company has the ability to respond quickly, compared to the outside.
Carlights, companies are able to respond to customer needs in a more timely and rapid manner. 2) One of the strengths of internal efforts is the ability to sustain research and development (R & D), which is at an upstream level compared to overseas headlights, and has increased new technology (adb, dlp, starring) for motor electronics, forward-looking lights (e.g., adb, dlp, starring rings) in recent years.
(ii) Research and development inputs (lights, grid lamps, etc.); capacity (ii) cost-control capacity, company-owned capacity for industrial chains (molds, modules, etc.), cost-efficiency management (positively promoting digitalization); capacity (iii) capacity to stabilize supply capacity, on the one hand, cash flow and business operations risks
Low and, on the other hand, high levels of manufacturing by companies and high rates of excellence in the production of headlight products.Figure 49: S.A.'s share competitive advantage 1) Engineer dividend: senior and middle-level managers of companies have a wealth of work experience in the car light industry.
The company’s founder, Xiaoping Zhou, has been the top decision-maker in automobile lighting since the early 1990’s, with more than two decades of experience in business management and a high profile in the industry. The company’s principal technical director, a technical adviser, is a national expert in the relevant field and has a rich product.
Development and technology research and development (R & D) experience: Company-related technology managers have experience in management, technical leadership, and experience in technology development and management in large foreign-owned automobile lamps manufacturing enterprises.