Research Assistant Wang Chinyan issued a public announcement that 2022h1 achieved income of $41.1 billion, an increase of 4 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
The White Cloud Obo tailings bank, with a resource reserve of 200 million tons, and a rare earth dehydrate reserve of about 13,82 million tons, is the second largest in the world. White Cloud Obo, owned by the Consorts of Steel, is a world-famous asset.
The steel and steel business is one of the world’s largest reserves of 35 million tons of rare earth-dioxide. The company’s net profit on the first quarter of 2022q2 was 88 million yuan, a 73 per cent decline in the ring.
As a result of the fall of the ring compared to Dafu, the price of weak steel has fallen, and the company's steel plate has eroded rare soil, and its flint resource endowment is just as excellent and remains to be released. 2022H1 produces 43.9 million tons of flints.
The sale of 4.26 million tons, the remodelling of two test lines, is almost complete; the production of fluorescent stones is expected to increase significantly in the second half of the year with the commissioning of two test lines. The company owns a company-owned tailings bank with 43,92 million flints, and the holding-owned steel company owns a well-detected stock of flints.
130 million tons, the world’s second largest brand of rare earth steel. The company keeps track of 60 kg/mu76crrehu heat treatments, steel tracks and 66cunire corrosion resistant to rare earth tracks, and carries out rare earth resistant to sulfuric acid corrosion.
" Packet steel shares (600010) " : 2022 I Mechanism study, upgrading of the environmental life of sulphate in railway carriages, low-temperature, wear-resistance production of key technology development for low-cost rare-silent steel btnm360,
Quarterly reviews: btnm 400, btnm 450 bulk supply of raw fuel.
All eight products, such as electric steel belts, car structures with hot-roll steel plates and steel belts, were evaluated by the China and Steel Association's specialized group and received the title “Gold Cup Quality Products”; the name “Gold Cup Quality Products” was simultaneously obtained in high-speed railways using steel tracks.
Quarterly reviews: Cost drags on performance, focussing on rare earth resources, with steady growth in steel operations expected to pick up steadily; and companies also have resources such as fluorescent stones and thorium that have yet to be revalued. Therefore, the company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Three financial forecasts of the steel stock holdings.