Iron and steel business is dragging the company's performance, and the price of rare earth concentrates is waiting to rise. \triangleright \triangleright 27/08/2022
\triangleright 1: 2022h1 production and sales have increased consistently. 2022h1 produces 73,647 million tons of merchandise, 439,000 tons of fluorescent and 4.26 million tons of sales, an increase of 5.71 per cent over the same period, with two tests in the second half of the year.
The production of wires is expected to increase significantly in fluorescent production.
The prices of raw materials, such as s010521120001, have increased significantly over the years, with a marked fall in ton of steel; in the rare earth, the company has a fall in the same ratio of 8.29 pct to 8.44 per cent for the rare earth of the North.
The construction industry in Zhang is based on the apparent fall in the amount of steel ton (2267 million yuan) due to the increase in the price of raw materials.
1 has four fine product lines: plate, pipe, track, line, and material security. The company has 17.5 million tons of steel production, which has formed a pattern of production of four fine lines: plate, pipe, track, line. Second, the company steel 1. Pack steel shares (600010.sh): rare earth concentrates are sold at a further price.
Iron raw materials are more secure, have a capacity of 8 million tons of coke, and have the full advantage of the resources available for the production of iron ore in White Clouds, thereby providing security for the raw materials in high furnaces.
2 rare earth rotting oxides are rich and the price of rare earth concentrates is expected to continue to rise. The company’s controlling shareholder, q4, performed less than expected, and the price of rare earth concentrates is expected to continue to rise to the White Cloud Obo mine, which has been discovered to be 35 million tons of rare earth oxidizing reserves, and the company owns a tailing bank.
3. The company ' s sales price with the North rare earth concentrates, and the volume of the trade in steel (600010) increases both to drive performance by storing approximately 13,82 million tons of rare earth rotting oxides and owning 450,000 tons of rare earth concentrate.
Current negotiated prices in the rare earth remain significantly below market prices, and company prices for rare earth concentrates are expected to continue to rise.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.