Improved operating cash flow, emerging business contract performance 13 November 2025 China Handover (60180.sh)
In the first three quarters of 2025, there was a 16.14 per cent decline in the previous three quarters, and a 13.45 per cent decrease in the same year in the net profit of $11.701 billion from non-repatriation.
Billion dollars, a 24.13 per cent increase in the same year, is largely due to the improved profitability of the company’s main business operations and a decrease in non-recurring gains and losses. Net cash flows from operating activities in the first three quarters of 2025 amounted to $65.779 billion, with the same percentage less.
A single-quarter profit quality improvement and a significant reduction in financial costs. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company's Māori rate was $122,240 million in new contracts for construction operations, an increase of 6.35 per cent over the same period, with the same areas of business as urban construction showing outstanding performance, with new contracts representing energy conservation and environmental protection, new energy sources, new materials, etc.
466,379 million yuan, a 9.38 per cent increase, attests to the recognition of the city in the direction of the “all green” “full-digit” transition, and provides a solid business for the “big industry” to co-develop and “big-integrated” cross-border empowerment. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.