Quarterly review 2021: Ten billion people are over-expected, profiting from a 21-year strike on Davis, Jubabe.
Incidents: A quarterly report issued on 28 April on the net profit attributable to the parent owner of the company, $282 million, an increase of 109.71 per cent; operating income of $912 million, an increase of 27.37 per cent, an increase of 0.22 dollars per share, an increase of more than the same rate of profit growth and a significant impact of scale
In 2021, O1 crystals generated 910 million yuan. The same + 27%, the mother ' s net profit of 280 million yuan, the same + 110%, and the main reason for the high rate of profit growth is the apparent scale effect. The company, as the leader of its domestic crystallized equipment, includes an absolute high share of the market ' s orders, except Lungi.
There is a clear advantage in crystals and power as an independent third-party equipment dealer. And companies, through the concept of sophisticated manufacturing, do not fail to optimize their supply chain management. Single-day shipments from single-crystal furnaces, which are now 30 single-day shipments, yielding more than $40 million a day.
The value of the uncompleted equipment orders as of the end of the first quarter of 2020 was 104.50 billion yuan, of which the uncompleted semiconductor orders were $560 million. Since the production of the highest photovoltaic orders was in three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery was three to five months, and the current order confirmed the progress.
The company’s performance growth in 2021 will be fully guaranteed. , with high profitability, net interest rates are at an all-time high, and in 2021 q1 crystals, with a gross profit rate of 36.35%, the same rate as in 2021.
+3pct; net profit rate of 31.20%, which is far beyond market expectations, and fully consistent with our judgement. Because the new income increases, by marginality, do not generate new producer costs, R & D costs, and sales costs, but only additional assembly costs and transportation costs; and through their own management optimization, the gross profits are converted into real benefits.
Cash flows are positive for eight consecutive quarters, with sustained healthy and stable operations. q1 crystals are now operating in 2021.
It's a lot of flowers, and it's a lot of fine manufacturing, and it's like a light-voltage silicon and a semiconductor, the big size of which is the way forward. Since 2019, Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, Magnificent, 2021-04-26.
The silicon silicon expansion project has been launched successively, with 210 large silicon silicon penetration rates increasing.
Supermarkets expect to complete the product renewal in 21 years, and the long-crystal furnace will be completely iterative with the diameter of the silicon.
The company, with its stronger product power, has built up a long-term and deep partnership with China’s better customer resources, as well as with a number of industry leaders.
In terms of market demand for single-crystal stoves outside Lungi, companies account for 90% of sales, and the overall market accounts for about 70-80%, a major supplier in the industry that will benefit fully from the wave of silicon expansion, which is about to reach the harvest period.
The profit growth rate is high and the scale effect is clear: 910 million yuan in 2021. +27 per cent of the year, $280 million of the mother ' s net profit, +110 per cent of the year. The central reason for the profit growth rate is that the scale effect is clear.
With an absolute high share of the entire market, except for Lungi, which we measure as 90% of the total, crystals and power have a clear advantage as an independent third-party equipment dealer. And companies are constantly optimizing the level of supply chain management through sophisticated ideas, and single-silent crystallizers are creating historically high volumes of single-day shipments, which now stand at 30.
With the 210 penetration rate, which is going to increase over the next three years, 10,000 of the stock of crystals are expected to be replaced by new players in the silicon silicon chain, and we judge that the crystals engine will be created.
So far, the highest number of new orders has been in the year. And because of the 210-sized challenge to hotfields and long-crystal processes, the unit price of the company’s fists and its products, which have remained competitive for long periods of time, has not fallen. New orders in the first quarter of 2021 exceeded $5 billion, close to 2020 levels (newly signed by companies throughout 2020).
The value of the uncompleted equipment orders as of the end of the first quarter of 2020 was 104.50 billion yuan, of which the uncompleted semiconductor orders were $560 million. Because of the three-month period of production of the highest photovoltaic orders and the three- to five-month period of receipt and inspection after delivery, we will be able to confirm the progress according to the current order.
(Note: From the beginning of 2017 to the present, the number of new large orders with crystallizer volts has totalled $11,699 million, of which the middle ring has a sharp profit, with net interest rates at record high q1 crystallizers in 2021, with a gross profit rate of 36.35 per cent.
+3 pct; net profit rate of 31.20%, which is well above market expectations by comparison with +13 pct, and is fully consistent with our judgement. Because new and increased income, by marginal terms, does not generate new producer costs, R & D costs, and marketing costs, but only more, assembly costs and transportation costs; and by optimizing its own management, the gross profits are converted into real profits.
Cash flows were positive for eight consecutive quarters, with continuous healthy and stable operations. Net cash flows from q1 crystals were +37 million in 2021, and cash flows were positive for eight consecutive quarters, with continuous healthy and stable operations.
The light-voltage silicon chain is starting to expand, and the long-crystal lobes are reaping in the context of the renewal of the landscape. The silicon silicon is similar to the semiconductor, and its large size is the way forward. Since 2019, the silicon expansion project has been launched successively by companies like Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal and Crystal Australia, with 210 large silicon silicon permeability increasing.
The equipment operator’s crystal-spill power is the most beneficial because it is different from other battery-plated equipment, and some of the equipment is technologically modified to produce more than 100 gw per year of additional silicon production in the country, corresponding to an annual need for more than 20 billion 200 million yuan per year for 20-22 years. With regard to the stock market, there is a consensus in the industry on large silicon, with more than 10,000 stock markets in the next 3-5 years.
A single-crystal long-crystal furnace needs to be phased out, with an average annual domestic stock renewal of silicon production capacity of over 50 gw, corresponding to a stock demand of over 10 billion 200 million yuan/gw for 2020-2022.
Silicon millers value the ability of equipment providers more than they are no longer in the first position, including: 1) delivery capacity, which, according to our calculations, is neutral, can deliver up to 21 items per day, or about 500 per month for 6 days per week, 4 weeks per month. This is now the only single month in the country that can deliver more than 500 items.
(c) Future R & D potential, with sustained development capacity and capacity to continuously improve equipment production and reduce energy consumption, will benefit significantly from the company’s strong products.
In the past, the main suppliers of single-crystal stoves in the country were crystals, Tianlong Light, precision technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, and North China. The city numbers are linked to Lungi, which works with Lungi deep in single-crystal operations.
In terms of market demand for monocrystals, companies account for 90 per cent of sales, with a total market share of about 70-80 per cent, and are major suppliers in the industry, who will benefit fully from the wave of silicon expansion, which is about to arrive in the harvest period. 4. The semiconductor silicon is on the verge of national production, and the tap plant is expected to benefit from high downstream demand.
The crystals engine has a full-line capability of 80% of the 8 inch line, and the big silicon is the most beneficial under the wave of national production. It has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment in the semiconductor single-crystal area, with a supply capacity of 80% of the 8 inch line and more than 50% of the 12 inches of single-crystal, polisher, etc., and with the Chinese ring, research, Jin Rui-chung, Zhengzhou, etc.
The main silicon mills have been working closely together, and the big silicon is the most beneficial under the wave of national production. Figure 8: The company has formed a complete industrial chain layout dominated by growth, slices, polishing, and extension of four core equipment.
The company’s clients in 8 and 12 inches of silicon are making steady progress in certification, and the gap between the top five silicon manufacturing firms is closing. With further energy release, we expect that 2020-2021 will be the node for the company’s client certification of the harvest.
8 inches of silicon: products used in areas such as power, logic, igbt, Sensor, through certification by multiple domestic and international customers, have been scaled up, released in 2020 along with the release of suitable automated production line capacity, market occupancy rate 12 inches of silicon: products used in areas such as power, cis and so on have been increased through certification by multiple customers
Phases; technology node development of the entire 28nm process has been completed and the product has been certified on the client. R & D and evaluation of 19nm crystals have been completed at the company crystal research and development base.
As well as research and development, the central ring is expected to give priority to crystallized equipment in its expansion. We expect that, as the central ring-free project accelerates, the equipment orders for the project are expected to land over the next few years, and that the crystal-spill power will gradually realize semiconductor equipment performance. According to our calculations, the intermediate scenario, the crystal-spill power plant accounts for 60% of the total procurement of the medium-ring-up project.
So we believe that the semiconductor equipment orders for the next three years are far more than expected, with the sapphire business likely to be a new profit growth point in the long run. In 2020, the company sapphire business achieved an operating income of $194 million, compared to +194.32 per cent.
In the short term, by joining forces (equipment/materials) with Lansing, the company has successfully cut into consumer electricity and the share of revenue will increase significantly, and is expected to be another major core growth point. In the long term, the sapphire crystals are expected to be successfully released in applications such as cellular panels. At present, the prevailing view in the market is that the sapphires are expensive and will not be available.
It's applied to situations such as cellular panels. But we judge that the center of the photovoltaic industry is the reduction efficiency, and when sapphire costs and prices fall down the zero threshold, large-scale bulk applications naturally occur, and the market space that sapphire brings is expected to be a new profit growth point.
Figure 9: Sapphire business performance is much higher than expected Sapphire business income (millions of dollars) Low-premise downstream expansion progresses below expectations and semiconductor business progresses below expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board