A study by Crystal Gear (300316) is about silicon expansion and the long crystals are on their way.
The company is expected to continue to benefit as a long-crystal device leader, and we think that the silicon industry is in a stable technology, with a large investment base, and that it's a new silicon.
According to our incomplete statistics, between 2021 and 2023, the country’s photovoltaic silicon industry expanded its production to market value (millions of dollars):
More than 360gw, the potential client size of the company is 288gw, which corresponds to crystal processing and growth equipment, and the potential order size is about 33.6 billion yuan. The company’s home-grown city is the first, as a long crystallization, and the industry continues to benefit from the expansion of production, with the photovoltaic sector receiving orders of over 6 billion yuan in 2020, but only one.
At the end of the first quarter of the year, the company ordered $9.89 billion in the handheld industry to fully guarantee high performance in the future. Semiconductor silicon silicon supply and demand imbalance, business expansion is expected to accelerate, company semiconductor operations have great potential.
In the current context of shortages and price increases in supply and demand imbalances for silicon tablets, some silicon producers announce price increases and expansions, which are expected to be 8 inches and 12 inches. We believe that domestic semiconductor silicon firms will expand or accelerate production, with company customers covering.
As silicon end-end expansion and nationalization continue, the demand for sapphire material warms, the company's sapphire material business is expected to release elastic performance.
The sapphire material is currently mainly used in the led liner, and demand is subject to the fluctuations in the demand for the led chip. The demand for the sapphire from the led chip is expected to rise as the supply end of the led chip is gradually cleared, and the need for the sapphire from the led chip is reheated.
We're still looking at the sapphire tablet, and we're just looking at the iphone camera and apple/fever watch that's now using the sapphire plate, which is expected to be in 2023.
The price of the sapphire material has sunk for many years, and the heat has recovered, and according to Acid shares, the price of the sapphires rose by almost 40% between April 2020 and the end of 2020, and the company's sapphire business is expected to release elasticity.
Full of pontoon, corresponding to 47x, 34x, 27x, respectively. A combination of the company's photovoltaic monocrystal silicon equipment, tap status, semiconductor high-growth, sapphire material performance elasticity, and maintenance of “buy-in”
The epidemic has caused global photovoltaic loads to fall short of expectations, photovoltaic silicon expansion, semiconductor equipment, and travel needs for Lee Garren are lower than expected, and sapphire materials are less needed than expected.
1. Photovoltaic equipment: Silicon silicon ends continue to expand, and the monocrystal kings move on 1.1. Why are you looking at the monocrystal needs? 1.1.1 Carbon neutral and policy-strength, with a high photovoltage in the industry.
In China, the United States, and the European Union, carbon neutralization and related guidance policies are currently being issued, and renewable energy is expected to be a key sector in countries’ future strategic development, and the construction of photovoltaics is expected to accelerate in the future. According to the benf data, the number of new photovoltaics in the world by 2020 is 140gw.
But given the current rise in the price of multi-crystal silicon, steel, and the impact of the epidemic on labour and freight costs, global photovoltaic developers are slowing down installation and ihs are expected to drop to 156gw in 2021.
Figure 1: Global light-voltage forecasts for China ' s low overloading capacity, and subsequent loads are expected to continue to rise. According to China ' s Photovoltaic Association (cpia), China ' s new loading capacity was 48.2gw in 2020, the second highest in history, with a significant increase of 60.1% in the same year.
Reloading in 2020 was largely concentrated in the second half of the year, particularly in December, when a single-month addition to the installation was boosted. To reach China’s target of about 25% of primary energy consumption for non-fossil energy in 2030, 10,45 will either be added to the light-voltage year or will be 70-90gw.
1.1.2 China provides a global supply of photovoltage silicon tablets, the largest market for which China essentially dominates the global market for photovoltaic silicon tablets, bringing about the largest global market for photovoltaic silicon equipment. According to cpia, the total global production of photovoltage silicon tablets in 2020 was approximately 247.4gw, yielding about 167.7gw, and the mainland China silicon.
Some 240gw, representing 97% of the world’s total production capacity, has brought about the world’s largest market for photovoltaic silicone production and processing equipment. In the future, China’s silicon production is expected to reach 181gw in 2021, with a clear development path for silicon production and a large-scale investment base.
Silicon silicon has been converted to single silicon with multiple crystals, and single silicon has been largely replaced. According to cpia, the market for single silicon (p-+n) was about 90.2% in 2020, and the market for p silicon increased from 60% in 2019 to 86.9%.
Single crystalline silicon is expected to be largely replaced. The single crystal silicon manufacturing development path is clear and has a large-scale investment base. There are more technical routes (perc, hjt, topcon, etc.) than batteries, and consideration is given to what kind of technology the current emphasis should be on.
There is more controversy. Silicon manufacturing technology is now largely harmonized, and subsequent technological advances are mainly centred on the optimization of crystallization and processing facilities, with a low probability of substitution by different technological routes and a large investment base for enterprises. 1.1.4 The barriers to automation of equipment are reduced, and industries move into competitive expansion.
Long-crystal equipment is becoming more and more sophisticated. Automation reduces the threshold. The crystal growth furnace is a complex device with a condensed crystal growth theory, thermal fluid field theory, machinery, electron, telemetry equal to one. In order to ensure the final integrity of the crystal, integrity and homogeneity of the crystal, the manufacturing process must be improved in order to avoid, to the greatest extent possible, interference by human factors.
The stability, accuracy, and automation of the growing equipment. With the upgrading and improvement of the home-grown equipment, complete automatic controls are now in place, with reduced requirements for operators and, to some extent, lower entry thresholds. "New Silicon Force" perform well, or lead to changes in silicon end patterns. According to our incomplete statistics, 2020
The silicon end-capacity Ryuki and the central ring are about 61%. In 2019, we managed to cut into the silicon end to achieve good business performance, and we think that there will be a change in the silicon end pattern, a comparison of the silicon and the central ring's two dragons, or a decrease in the future.
Silicon enterprises or competitive expansion are expected to increase production capacity rapidly in the next three years. Low costs through continuous equipment rotation and size advantages are the main way to develop the industry, and the silicon end layout is currently hot. According to publicly available sources of data, single crystallized silicon double-drawn Lungi shares and the Central Ring shares alone are expected to increase their capacity by 50gw in 2021.
There are also “new forces of silicon,” such as on-board numbers control, the high view of the Pearl Sea, and the whole silicon end layout is hot, industry or competitive expansion, which is expected to reach about 360gw between 2021 and 2023. Silicon enterprise expansion releases huge amounts of crystal growth and processing equipment.
Between 2021 and 2023, the capacity is expected to increase by about 360gw, assuming that the single gw crystal growth equipment and processing equipment are invested in a domestic lead in 1.2 companies' monocrystal sales, with potentially large orders, and that the company’s single-crystal sales are significantly ahead and account for its share of the high-end domestic market.
To include companies such as crystals, serial numbers, North China, Kyoto, Skyton, and others, based on data on sales of single-crystal stoves that have been disclosed by some companies, the company has a significant lead in delivery, with 10,000 fully self-propelled monocrystals downline in March 2021, covering first-line silicon mills in the country, including Central Rings, Crystals, Upboards, etc.
According to our calculations, Krypsum is expected to get around $33.6 billion in light-voltage equipment orders between 2021 and 2023. The Division now covers almost all the open-sourcing crystal-growth silicon enterprises, and we measure the market share of the company's single-crystal furnaces among its potential customers at 80 to 90%, and the market share of the potential customers of the processing equipment at 30%.
According to the calculations, between 2021 and 2023, the new capacity of potential crystallized customers was estimated at 288gw, which is expected to bring about about 33.6 billion yuan light. New orders and orders in hand were record high in the single quarter, with more certainty of subsequent growth. 2021q1 companies signed new orders for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment in excess of $5 billion, exceeding the company ' s annual earnings in 2020.
By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the company had not completed a contract for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment totalling $10.45 billion, of which the photovoltaic equipment was on hand orders of $9.89 billion, representing an increase of 216.48 per cent and 80.64 per cent, respectively, compared with the end of 2020, with a subsequent firm with a higher level of certainty of growth in photovoltaic operations.
2. Semiconductor equipment: Supply and demand imbalances are high, downstream enterprise expansion is expected to be high with 2.1 semiconductor equipment industry, China is the largest global market. Global semiconductor equipment sales rose dramatically in 2020, and industry entered a new upward cycle.
According to the Manufacturing Devices Association, the scale of global semiconductor equipment sales in 2020 was 19.11% higher than in the past due to the impact of the epidemic, reaching $71.18 billion. Quarterlyly, demand for semiconductor equipment has driven the second semiconductor equipment into a new upward cycle.
For the first time, mainland China became the world’s largest semiconductor equipment market, with its market size rising by 39%. According to Semi, mainland China became the world’s largest semiconductor equipment market in 2020, with sales growing by 39% to $18.2 billion on a year-on-year basis.
2.2 The supply and demand of semiconductor silicone under the lack of core is uneven, domestic firms are expected to expand their production at a faster pace, and the supply of semiconductor silicon is uneven, and silicon is either in short supply or in short supply. Since the second half of 2020, there has been a global “deficit flow”, the global chip industry has been caught in an atmosphere of shortage and price increases, and the supply of upstream semiconductor silicone production continues.
The price of all silicon products has increased by 10-20% since then, and the third largest semiconductor silicon producer in the world, Sumco, is considering a new semiconductor silicon silicon mill, while, according to Sumco, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon are expected to fall into a supply-deprived situation, especially 8 inches of silicon, or will continue into 2022.
Figure 15: Sumco predicts that silicon will continue to be supplied and needed 12 inches of logical chips, 12 inches of logical silicon demand rises
Demand for strong demand, demand demand, supply tightening: demand following demand to restore storage of silicon stock.
Dram recovered. Cars, consumers, industry brought 8 inches of silicon up to 8 inches of consumption and below.
The demand for silicon continues to recover, leading to tight demand for cars affecting supply and demand, and to a higher supply than ever before.
Although part of the storage is supplied with silicon, the LTA price is stable: 12 inches, delayed and the LTA price is stable.
Logically, silicon spot prices will appear.
12 inches of silicon, sustained by 5g, smart phones, and data centres, will be supplied or will be less than required. The recovery of storage demand will result in a tightening of supply.
In return, the demand peak, which was close to 2018, or will continue until 2022, continues to rise above the high price of silicon and the industry is in a very high state. According to Semi, the sales unit for the entire sphere of semiconductor silicon have stabilized at a higher level since 2018, with a unit price of $0.91 from 2018 to 2020, respectively.
/Square inch, US$ 0.96/Square inch, and US$ 0.91/Square inch. Based on the already high price in 2020, the silicon industry was generally up in 2021. According to the China-Hin crystal round data, the layout of domestic firms is expected to accelerate at the present time in a state of oversupply.
By 20%, supplied by domestic manufacturers, 12 inches dependent mainly on imports, larger national production of alternative spaces, and domestic silicon companies have issued a number of expansion plans. Under the current “deficit tide,” silicon manufacture is also influenced upstream as chip manufacture, and the demand for higher prices is high. For example, there has been a marked increase in the number of orders starting spring festivals in Central Hinjing, because of the terminal market.
The field is actively adjusting production capacity against the “deficit flow.” We believe that, with the current price increase for silicon tablets, which are even in short supply, the layout of the domestic silicon companies is expected to accelerate.
A total of 1.5 million units per month of capacity through self-construction or acquisition. 2.3 Corporations have made a sustained breakthrough in research and development, and products are expected to spread rapidly through certification. Corporations have developed a range of key equipment in the semiconductor material field through years of research and development inputs, and have refined silicon with single crystals.
The growing, sliced, polished, extended four-star semiconductor silicon material equipment system, which meets the production and processing needs of semiconductor basic materials, now covers several links in the production and processing of semiconductor silicon. The company is currently one of only a few manufacturers in the country with 12 inches of semiconductor single crystals and 8 inches of furnaces.
Figure 17: Corporate layout of four core components to meet the production needs of semiconductor materials Continuous breakthroughs in research and development and steady roll-out of semiconductor equipment. The company is now almost fully covered with 8 inches of crystal to process, and has achieved production and bulk delivery; 12 inches of single crystal silicon growth furnaces, grinding equipment, cut-off equipment, etc.
The grinding equipment, the peripheral polishing equipment have been certified by the client and has been well received, the 12-inch monocrystal silicon growth furnace and some of the processing equipment have been sold in bulk and other processing equipment has been certified by the customer.
This device is used to produce 8-inch diameter silicon single crystals, the first 8-inch crystal from the first hard axis of the country, the single-axis furnace, which provides the research and development base for a 12-inch hard-axis single-axis transistor.
The 12-inch semiconductor list has been industrialized among well-known domestic customers and is valid for the stability of the operation of the process through key technology applications such as superconductor magnetic field applications, crystal pull control, molten fluid level control, and for sale through customer technology. 8-inch, 12-inch, used for semiconductor class single crystal silicon edges, v-hut or flat edge polishing, has been validated through customer technology.
The semiconductor silicon edge chip center is looking for the V-channel function, using a unique rotational centrifugal polishing mode to automate the docking plant. The equipment technology is as high as a polisher to the same level as the imported equipment.
The 12-inch silicon silicon silicon is double-sided and is used to polish 12-inch silicon silicon silicon at semiconductor level. The equipment has been validated in the company’s laboratory, meets design requirements, and has been validated on the client’s end.
The 8-inch silicon excavator, which is a special equipment used to grow outer layers on silicon tablets, falls under the category of cvd equipment and opens up a completely new product category for companies in the field of silicon material plus industrial equipment.
Technical indicators such as temperature control accuracy, membrane homogeneity, etc. for the deposition of polly on silicon tablets reach the same 8-inch tube device level as the imported equipment. The successful development of this equipment marks a breakthrough in the company’s equipment at the end of the chip.
The device is a single-size device, with 6-inch carbonated silicon extrapolation indicators such as sediment velocity, thickness homogeneity, and concentration of 6-inch carbonated silicon exogeneity have reached advanced levels. The device produces silicone extrapolation fragments for use in new energy vehicles, electricity, microwave radio frequencies, etc., and the corporate development of carbon silicon exten extension equipment has contributed to the expansion of the third generation of semiconductor equipment.
There have been positive developments in R & D and market openings, with 32 inches of synthetic thugs sold to customers in bulk and 36 semiconductor quartz, which is now growing faster in mainland and Taiwan’s markets and seeking to open up to other markets outside the sea.
In April 2021, China Crystal Technology announced that its subsidiary would purchase eight-inch crystal polishing equipment for a total transaction of 80 million yuan (including taxes). Central Crystal Technology is a semiconductor Silicon material manufacturer, leading the market in silicon material for separate devices. This purchasing company is expected to dig deep for customers.
3. Sapphire material: miniled market, promising release 3.1 sapphire material performance, companies involved in intermediate crystal growth processing
Sapphires are commonly known as the monocrystal form of aluminium oxide, with high intensity, hardness, long-lasting brushes, and a collection of excellent optical, physical, chemical properties that are essential building blocks of modern industry. Sapphire applications are mainly related to the use of led-lined materials, consumer electronics, and military applications, with the most important applications of sapphire.
Chemically stable, luminous, led liner, silicon liner on sos sapphire.
Windows materials for visible and infrared light consumer electronics Laser windows, mobile phone windows, mirrors, good, grinding.
Abracadabra, heat-resistant, optical, missile remixing, a variety of precision instruments, clocks and others.
Abracadabra, chemical stability, precision wear-resistant devices, precision machinery bearings.
The long crystal is the core of the manufacture of the sapphire material, which is usually sold in the form of a crystal bar or chip. The sapphire crystal material grows in a single furnace, and it grows and becomes a molybdenum. Sapphire manufacturers usually process the hair bar into a crystal bar and sell it to their customers after surface processing or manufacture it as a chip. The sapphire chip is used for cutting, grinding, polishing and polishing.
The resulting products are generally divided into ordinary polished chips (css) and graphical chips (pss). Companies are swimming in the industrial chain, mainly in sapphire crystal growth and processing.
Processing equipment and sapphire crystal growth are more competitive. 3.2 Downstream applications demand is strong, and prices continue to be depressed and warm. 3.2.1led below: miniled drive market growth, led chip entry cycle
The sapphire material is used mainly for the led liner, and the demand for the led chip is influenced by fluctuations in the demand for the led chip. The led liner is the base material for the led extended chip. The led liner is currently mainly for the sapphire and the americ americium, where the sapphire is used mainly for the production of blue and green light. The lepide is used for the production of red and yellow light. The led chain consists mainly of the led liner.
Production, extended growth, chip manufacture, chip encapsulation, application of several links, sapphire material belonging to the industry, raw materials up the chain of led, 83 per cent of the sapphire of the led chip lined to the base of the sapphire, and sapphire material subject to the demand fluctuations of led chip, Figure 20: Key production equipment and raw materials in the led industrial chain
The led chip industry is expected to enter a new up-to-date cycle. In 2019, the led chip supply and demand structure led to a decline in output, but in 2020 the supply and demand structure was well adjusted and is expected to enter a new up-to-date cycle: supply ends are gradually cleared: the former led chip industry has expanded capacity, and stock backlogs have led to continued price declines.
Some of the Led chip manufacturers, represented by Dehouyuda, have chosen to shut down some of the chip factories. Demand-side warming: continued use in new applications such as miniled, deep UV-led, high-end backlight, and high-end lighting has pushed the demand for the Led chip to begin a steady recovery.
Figure 21: The led chip is expected to enter a new up-to-date cycle with a new generation showing technology, and the end product matures. Compared to the oled technology, the miniled has many advantages in terms of efficiency, cost, and performance, and the current breakthrough in Miniled manufacturing technology and costs is already under way.
It has begun to enter the age of mass production, becoming a booster for the development of the led industry, and, as Miniled continues to use the sapphire as a liner, it will also drive the growth of sapphire demand.
Figure 22: Miniled terminal products matured in Seoul semiconductor tcl
Three Stars on the 2020 International Consumer Class E-Exposition, Seoul Semiconductor on ces 2020, International Show 2020, tcl
The new concept monitor technology for the "thewall" series was launched, and the global premiere a-sitftmini was displayed.
A modular microled screen, ledblutv75'8k star screen, with a charge of 72 inches to 292 inches.
Inches to 220 inches, one Pixels per Pixel, 5184 partitions, backlights, contrasts to optional spaces, and air thickness is always protected.
rgbled, capable of bulk production and 1,000,000:1 glass base plate Mini, the technology can be applied to smart watches.
The led screen is within 30 millimeters.
At Sid 2020, Kyoto East displayed 75 inches, 8 k and 27 inches, 4 kmini led by carrying glass.
The ipadpro show on the Minild, the led backlight at the Apple Spring launch in March, and the hdr technology, it's huge.
The performance was enhanced to a peak of 1,500 nts, with a contrast of 1,000,000 and 1,000,000 nt. The miniled project is blooming and the expansion project is running.
In the third quarter, there are 15 projects related to the expansion of miniled, covering equipment, chips, envelopes, panels, screens, end-use whole-of-industry chains. The miniled market space is huge and will significantly increase upstream material demand.
In 2023, the market size of the miniled market will reach US$ 1 billion: the Trendforce conglomerate consultancy projects that by 2025 the demand for led extensions from the new mini/microled display will reach 10.11 million tablets/year, and that the increase in penetration rates of the new display techniques will significantly increase the demand for the extensions, thereby raising the demand for upstream materials for the extensions.dscc
It is projected that by 2025 the global volume of milled backlight products will exceed 48 million. A steady growth in the use of sapphires is expected over the next three years, bringing more than 50 million items of demand in 2023.
According to the Ledinside data, the global and mainland China sapphire base demand in 2020 was 4.038 million sheets/year and 3.97 million pieces/year, with compound growth rates of 16.41% and 30.34%, respectively, in the past four years. We believe that in the context of the current supply of the led chip, demand is warming, and that it is now three years outside.
Prolonged production is expected to grow robustly, bringing the demand for sapphire liners to over 50 million pieces in 2023. 3.2.2 Consumer electrons: the sapphire sheet is in a state of flux, and demand for intelligent wear is still expected to grow under hot tides, with the sapphire as hard as Mox 9h, after the diamond 10h. It can effectively prevent the glass sheet from touching sand.
Dust (silicon dioxide) produces scratches after friction. The clock industry was first used to make sapphire sheets on watch, and, as the cost of making sapphire stone material gradually decreased, apples pioneered the use of sapphire as camera headers in their iphone 5 mobile phones in 2012, followed by the application of sapphire sheets in home keys and iwatch.
The sapphire sheet is on the rise, and demand is expected to grow. Just considering the iphone camera panels, tiles and apple watch windows that are currently using the sapphire sheet, according to our calculations, is expected to reach about 1,881 million sapphire sheets in 2023. Considering that other smartphone manufacturers are still applying the sapphire sheet on the camera.
It may be that other brands also apply sapphire sheeting to smart appliance devices, with actual demand or higher than forecast. 3.2.3 Prices of sapphire material warm after years of sanity, oversupply of sapphire and price at lower levels for years. According to yole data, 2014q14 inches of sapphire crystal bar
Prices are up to about $90/mm, accompanied by expectations of sapphire colouring in consumer electronics, sapphire dollars/mm. The price of sapphire has been at a low level since then, according to our estimate of prices. Average price of sapphire crystal bars (4 inches, yuan/mm)
The year 2020 was marked by a general recovery in demand and a rise in prices. The company that posted the sapphire-related sapphire material disclosed that, although the average annual price of the O-Red sapphire bar remained down, prices ended with a year-on-year downward trend in the second half of 2020, beginning to pick up gradually.
Starting at the end of 2020, a total price increase of more than 40% has been made several times. We believe that because of the end of the stock cycle in the led chip industry, while 2020q3miniled demand began to grow, the sapphire industry recovered its price back to 3.3, where the sapphire material market is located, it is expected to release elasticity.
When the company was listed, it started to invest in sapphire material development and technology progressing. From the time it was listed, the company started to invest in sapphire stone material development, the first 300-kg crystal in the country in 2017, the 450-kg-grade sapphire in 2018 broke the record in this area, and the company ' s 700-kg crystal was successfully re-recorded in 2020.
The crystallization technology achieves a third-stage jump, leading the world. Figure 27: Corporate sapphire material achieves a third-level leap, 700 kg crystals reach world-class leadership.
Global high-end Windows, shield panels, and consumer electronics leaders, Lanthys, co-invested in the Ning Xia Jingxin project, with 51% of the Department’s shareholding of US$255 million. Cooperation with LanthyTech is expected to bring about mutual access to resources, strong alliances, deep excavations, and the demand for sapphire materials to further the development of corporate sapphire materials.
Companies occupy a seat in the domestic market for sapphire materials, and are expected to release elasticity. Currently, domestic sapphire materials account for about 20% of the three companies, and revenue will increase further as companies move forward with the Lanths Science and Technology Project.
At this level, the company ' s sapphire material operations are now expected to release elasticity in the context of the recovery in demand prices. Figure 28: Income from operations related to major domestic sapphire material manufacturers, Figure 29: Māori ratio of major domestic sapphire manufacturers
Profit forecasts and investment proposals are currently 47x, 34x, and 27x, respectively. A “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the company's photovoltaic monocrystal silicon equipment tap status, semiconductor high-growth operations and sapphire material elastic performance.
The epidemic caused the world’s photovoltaic loads to fall short of expectations, the expansion of photovolcage silicon tablets to fall short of expectations, lower downstream demand for semiconductor equipment, and less than expected demand for sapphire materials. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally, independently and objectively.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.