The long crystal business has a lot of flowering, and the good manufacturing management results are remarkable.
The collection of stone materials reached 2.620 billion and $1.19 billion, respectively, achieving the same ratio of +60.69%/+9.43%/+192.32%. The growth in corporate performance was largely in line with expectations, with the company benefiting multiplely as the leader of long-crystal equipment, mainly from the active expansion of downstream silicon mills.
According to the annual report, by the end of 2020 the company had not completed its contracts totalling $5,865 million (including taxes), of which $390 million (including taxes) had not been completed for semiconductor equipment. Add to the new order of $2,079 million, the total amount of the company ' s hand orders was approximately $8 billion, 2.1 times the amount collected in 2020.
With a three-month production cycle with the highest proportion of photovoltaic orders, and a three-to-five-month receipt and inspection cycle after delivery, we will conclude that, at the current rate of confirmation of orders, we will fully guarantee the growth of the company’s performance in 2021.
In 2020, corporate profitability rose steadily, with a combined Māori rate of 36.6 per cent and a net interest rate of 22.4 per cent and a net rate of 22.4 per cent and a ratio of Māori for a company ' s crystalline silicon growing operations. By operations, the Māori rate was 40.52 per cent, a ratio of +2.39 pt, a ratio of Māori for a photovoltized smart equipment operations of 37.10 per cent and a ratio of 1.74 pt.
The increase in the Māori rate for crystalline silicon growth operations is judged to be mainly due to the scale production effect, which increased from 1,429 in 2019 to 2,879 in 2020, compared to +101.47 per cent, and the unit price of the equipment has not decreased significantly.
In 2020, the net operating cash flow of companies was 950 million, or +22.54% of the year, a record high. The increase in the net operating cash flow was mainly due to the fact that companies had introduced “zero-stock” manufacturing management in recent years, reduced customer deposits and faster cash transfers. The stock turnover rate in 2020 was 1.41/year from the previous year.
Decline to 1.22/year, with significant management results in streamlined manufacturing; turnover of accounts receivable from 3.07 times in the previous year, increased production in the luminous silicon silicone chain, and the harvest period in the context of the updating of the long crystalline head, which is similar to the semiconductor, the large size of which is the direction of the future.
Supermarket performance forecast, 21 years after the launch of the Silicone Expansion Project with 210 large silicon permeability.
High. In the context of the renewal, the company’s photovoltaic long crystal business is about to harvest. The company has built long-term depths with the stronger 2, the Crystal Power (300316), and the Chinese product power, the accumulation of better customer resources, and the industry’s leading firms.
In the case of single-crystal market demand, except for Lungi, corporate sales account for 90% of the large silicon-based landscape cycle, and the overall market accounts for about 70-80%, and will benefit fully from being the main supplier in the industry.
Large silicon silicon expansion, photovoltaic crystal operations are about to reach their harvest. 3, Crystal Power (300316): Long crystal technology congregated to meet Davis in 21 years.
In 2020, the company ' s three core business plates, crystalline silicon growth equipment/PVIS/Sapphire materials, reached 2.620 billion and 150 billion/190 million, respectively, achieving a similar level of +20.69%/+9.43%/+194.32%. The company ' s performance growth is largely in line with expectations, with the company ' s active expansion of downstream silicone producers, leading to multiple exposures as long-crystal equipment.
In June 2020, the company announced the signing of major sales orders with the Central Ring, including the sale of 1,210 million yuan (delivery by 31 January 2021) of the full-volatile crystal growth furnace to the China-China Association for the Episode and 17 million yuan (delivery by 30 November 2020) of the single crystal silicon cutter.
In March 2021, the Central Ring added an additional 2.08 billion light-voltage equipment, including the sale of the full automated crystal to the China-China Society, with a total contract value of $3.306 billion (the above contract amount includes value added tax). (Remark: from the beginning of 2017 to the present date, new large orders with crystallizer electrical bulletins totalled $11.699 billion, of which the Central Ring consists of 11.699 billion.)
Completing semiconductor equipment contracts of $390 million (including taxes). With the new order of $2,079 million, the company's hand orders total about $8 billion, which is 2.1 times the amount it received in 2020. Since the production cycle for the highest photovoltaic orders is three months, the receipt and inspection period after delivery is three to five months, and the current order confirms the progress, our judgement will be fully safeguarded.
Corporate profitability has risen steadily, and turnover has produced significant benefits. Corporate profitability has risen steadily in 2020, with a combined Māori rate of 36.6 per cent, compared to +1.1 ptt; net interest rate of 22.4 per cent, compared to +2.3 pt. In business terms, the Māori rate for corporate crystalline silicon growing operations is 40.52 per cent, compared to +2.39 ptt, photovolt.
The main reason for the increase in the Māori rate for equipment operations is the scale production effect, which increased from 1,429 in 2019 to 2,879 in 2020, which increased from +101.47 per cent in the same year, and the unit price of the equipment did not decrease significantly.
Net operating cash flows in 2020 amounted to 950 million, or +22.54% of the year. Net operating cash flows increased mainly through the introduction of “zero-stock” manufacturing management by companies in recent years, the reduction of client deposits and the acceleration of cash remittances. The stock turnover rate fell from 1.41 per year in the previous year to 1.22 per year in 2020, with significant results in the management of lean manufacturing;
3. Corporate R & D investment continues to grow, while R & D costs are kept under control of R & D efficiency 748 R & D workers in 2020, a significant increase of 34.5 per cent in the same year, spending R & D costs of $227 million or + 22 per cent in the same year, representing 6 per cent of operating income.
(i) Photovoltaic equipment: In response to industry development needs, companies have developed a new generation of photovoltaic single-crystal furnaces (compatible with 36-40 inches of higher heat, greater input capacity, higher automation) and a new generation of slicers (slicing machines for g12-sized specialized diamond slices that are disclosed in the first paragraph of the country), which are now in bulk on the market
Under the next inter-generational technology route led by Topcon and hjt, demand for large silicon pieces and thins is fairly well defined; 2) semiconductor equipment area: the company's 12-inch semiconductor monocrystal has been technically validated and is sold for industrial applications; 8, 12-inch semiconductor edge polisher has reached the level of imported equipment; and
Has been certified by client technology: 12 inches of silicon double-face polisher, validated on client. With 21 years of conflicting supply and demand in the global semiconductor silicon industry, with capacity stress extending to the end of the device, we've judged 21 years of semi-conductor equipment to be ready for order growth; 3) Sapphire business: the company has successfully mastered the international leading over 700 kg class
Sapphire crystals growth technology, with the company's sapphire material operations having greater cost competitiveness and size advantages, is expected to be a larger profit growth point after three years in the long term; 4) silicon carbonization equipment: the company has successfully developed 6 inches of carbonization Silicon outreach equipment, which can be compatible with 4 inches and 6 inches of carbonated silicon outgrowth, and the carbonated silicon outlay produced can be broadly responded to.
For new energy cars, photovoltaic power, base-station power magnifying devices, silicon carbonization is the company's next three to five years.
In the run-up to the Silicon Silicon Expansion Project, some of the photovoltage companies like Jingao have been able to complete the project, with 210 large silicon silicon penetration rates increasing.
With regard to the stock market, there is an industry consensus on large silicon tablets, with more than 10,000 monocrystal long-crystal furnaces to be phased out in the next 3-5 years, and an annual average domestic inventory of upscaling silicon production capacity of over 50 gw, corresponding to over 10 billion (20 billion yuan/gw) in the 2020-2022 stock demand for equipment.
The company’s photovoltaic crystal operation is about to harvest. Of the cost of large silicons, depreciation of equipment is higher than it is no longer the first, and silicon producers value the company’s ability to match efficiency, including: 1) delivery capacity, which, according to our calculations, is neutral, can yield as much as 21 items per day for six days per week and four weeks per month.
It is calculated that there are about 500 shipments in a single month. There is currently only one single-month facility in the country that delivers more than 500 long crystal furnaces, and there is still room for improvement in delivery capacity; 2) service capacity, which takes a short amount of time to operate and produce on arrival and can stabilize production; 3) future R & D potential, with sustained R & D capacity
The company, with its strong product power, has accumulated better customer resources and established long-term and deep partnerships with a number of industry leaders. The main suppliers of single-crystal stoves in the country now include crystallizer power, Skylong light power, precision technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, North China.
In the case of single-crystal markets, with the exception of Lungi, where companies account for 90 per cent of the market demand for single-crystals, the overall market accounts for about 70-80 per cent of the total, and is the main supplier within the industry, and will benefit fully from the large silicon expansion wave, which is about to reach the harvest period.
In the long run, the sapphire business performed far more than expected, and is expected to grow more profitable. In 2020, the company achieved $194 million in operating income, compared to +194.32 per cent, and performed far more than expected. In the short term, the company has succeeded in switching to consumer power through joint efforts (equipment & materials) with Lance.
In the long run, sapphire crystals are expected to be successfully deployed in applications such as cellular panels. At present, the prevailing view in the market is that sapphires are expensive and will not be applied to mobile panels, etc. But we judge that the core of the photovoltaic industry is the reduction of efficiency, when sapphire costs and
When prices fall below the zero threshold, large-scale bulk applications will naturally occur, when the market space offered by the sapphire is expected to become a more profitable growth point for crystals.
The sub-optimal expansion was less advanced than expected, and semiconductor operations were less advanced than expected.