Peace in China (601318): Three-quarterly review in 2018.
The research assistant, Ma Xiangyun, whose profits fell in the first quarter, was the result of investment disturbances and the amplification effect of ifrs 9, which did not prevent life expectancy from growing up.
The increase in profits of the Group was slower than in the past (a single quarter decline of 6.9 per cent) and was largely in line with expectations, mainly due to: 1) (a reduction of $6,548 million in operating profits from life insurance, with a significant increase in disturbances reported), but the positive impact of changes in the liquidity rate of the reserve offsets fluctuations in investment and guarantees a steady increase in profit from life insurance; and 2) asset management score
The Ministry’s growth rate has slowed, but still stands at 21%; 3) Financial and medical science and technology have contributed 5.4 billion yuan (only $675 million over the same period last year) as the core growth point for this year’s performance. Focusing on the investment end, the net return on investment has risen significantly to 4.7% (4.2% in this case), but stock market volatility and implementation of ifrs9 has increased significantly.
As a result, the return on total investment remained at 4 per cent (the same rate as the median), and the impact of fair value fluctuations on profits was fully demonstrated (if not used, the group would have increased its profits at 35.1 per cent and the total return on investment at 4.9 per cent). We believe that the group has gradually adapted to the infrs9 system and through continuous disclosure.
The growth rate of nbv continues to raise the strength of the industry. The group’s life insurance operations are generally better than their counterparts at three levels – agents, new policy premiums, and nbv – than their counterparts: 1)
A further increase over the years to 1.43 million, with additional staff in the context of a loss of manpower (or loss of momentum) in major companies in the industry, fully reflecting the group ' s overall financial advantage (dealer capacity, though phased down, wage earnings have remained stable, driven by cross-sales, thus contributing to solid retention)
(ii) The cumulative decline of 2.8 per cent in the previous three quarters in the new personal operations list against the backdrop of industry-wide restructuring and accelerated transition; 3) the upward and low rate of growth in nbv, which is expected to accelerate throughout the year.
The strong have a strong and powerful character, and the group has a unique combination of financial advantages that shapes the agency’s advantage, thus driving new policy premiums and nbv to remain superior to their counterparts, benefiting most from opportunities for development in life-threatening industries. Property insurance, which is affected by taxes and investments, continues to decline in profitability, and corporate clients continue to break out.
The production risk business remains under pressure, with profits growing at a rate of +6.4 per cent and -22 per cent (96 per cent in the middle quarter, 10 bp less than in the second quarter), respectively, before taxes in the previous three quarters, and at a rate of +6.4 per cent and -22 per cent (medium quarter, 96 per cent lower than in the second quarter), and we judge the volatility of investment as a factor leading to a one-step upward pressure on profits. In addition, retail customers in the group continue to make a breakthrough, with the number of individual customers over the years.
Net users grew by 19.4 per cent to 513 million at the beginning of the year, and cycle fluctuations in life insurance requirements did not affect nbv reversals!
“Safe China: First Quarterly Report 2018”
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Group profit growth slows down mainly by investment fluctuations (ifrs9 rating-nbv superior to industry with a strong headlash) and does not affect life risk growth, but actually increases with proxies and nbv increases.
China Peace: 2017.
In the long term, the life-risk industry has high growth space, and the investment end faces one-value pole at low interest-rate expectations!
In addition, the company announced that it was going to start buying up no more than 10% of the shares and value the growth of Le Wu Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang.
Figure 5: New business value of company 2012 - 2018q3 and increasing speed with the same year