Co-execution, a mechanism of excellence, is a long-term source of value. Events of 18 December 2018: 1) The Group, building on the current system of executive responsibility, added three co-execeo by Lee.
Mr. Gen Xiang, Mr. Xie Yonglin and Ms. Chen Xing Xing, respectively, are in charge of individual clients, corporate customers, and scientific and technological business; 2) the Shareholders Assembly considers the adoption of the equity buy-back bill; 3) the Consortium has launched a long-term service plan.
▪ Management excellence has always been the core strength of peace, and short-term uncertainty does not prevent long-term excellence. Looking back, in the 30-year history of peace, the founder and chairman of the core management team established a solid management system (most core managers have served in the group for more than 15 years and are clearly ahead of them).
At the present time, it is safe to start the joint ceo system on the thirtieth anniversary, which matches the structure of the three major groups of “individuals plus companies plus technology.”
In the future, the group has launched a long-term service plan, with core interests tied in depth over the next 10 years or more. Following this change in the management mechanism, some investors are concerned about the uncertainty at the management level, and we believe that short-term uncertainty exists objectively, but the mechanism has increased.
The long-term direction of the hierarchy is the right one, and the transmission of the mechanisms of excellence is a mandatory process (from the founder to the core team, solidified into a group system, settled into corporate culture), and the long-term outlook for the group is brighter.  Short-term proposal adjusts expectations, opening the door in 2019 under pressure, with interest rates falling short.
Prior to the three-quarters performance release, it was indicated that life risk reduction would be marketed centrally starting in 2019, and that in the future, a more balanced marketing rhythm (smoothing quarterly fluctuations) and a more balanced product structure (safe product sales through the year) would be pursued again ahead of industry to promote life risk marketing. In the near future, life insurance was completed.
“Dual 12” marketing, taking into account proactive adjustment factors such as product strategy shifts, sales goals shifts, and so on, we see a clear trend towards an increase in market concerns about the long-term return on investment by life insurance companies (current life insurance poses short-term disturbances to life insurance valuations, but interest rates are limited and premiums are better in the long term)
In recent years, the group has performed significantly better than its peers, and values, profits, and dividends for life insurance companies have been decisive.
Core factors in setting valuation levels, with a clear edge: 1) Building on the sedentary advantage of life insurance agents and their excellent operational control capacity to ensure that new operations and intrinsic value growth lead the industry (a 3.2 per cent increase in nbv in the third quarter of 2018); 2) achieving a steady increase in profits with the combined financial advantage of the group (i.e., a steady increase in profits)
We're taking the lead in implementing ifrs9 to increase profit volatility; 3) launch of the “Red and Stable Growth Operating Gains” Triannual Review: Investment Disturbing, 3.8%. We believe that the current stock market has long-term high-growth space plus excellent profitability.
Strength+stabilization expected shares are already quite scarce, and if short-term disturbance factors result in stock price adjustments, the mid-year evaluation is reported: nbv reversal! Profit-making forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that the short-term valuation of the Insurance Unit is under pressure to adjust and stems from the opening of the door.
In the long run, however, we are determined and positive in the long run that the annual report - nbv - is better than the industry, and that it is not always the case that there is a lack of certainty about the short-term and objective nature of the changes in the regime.
The success of the peace management mechanism has been enhanced, and short-term disturbances have made the valuation more attractive after stock prices have been adjusted. The flagship effect has been enhanced by the rapid downswing of long-end interest rates that affect the end of the investment; and (4) property insurance has continued to decline in profitability.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board