The pace of growth of Nbv in China's Peace (601318) Quarterly 2018 reports is constantly improving, and performance is largely in line with expectations.  Events: China's three-quarterly report in 2018 was released in peace and generated business income of $75,456 million in the first half of the year
Euros, 13.2 per cent over the same period; net profit returns of 79.397 billion yuan over the same period, 19.7 per cent over the same period; public market fluctuations and the implementation of ifrss9 have further slowed the pace of performance growth.
The impact of fluctuations in earnings, with changes in corporate investment returns + fair values in the previous three quarters showing a decrease of 4.7 per cent compared to the same period last year, and an annualized total return on investment of 4.0 per cent (if based on the original accounting standards ... total return on investment was 4.9 per cent) affected by stock market fluctuations.
▪ The value of new businesses has grown faster and the number of agents has risen steadily. The value of new businesses for company life and health insurance has increased by 3.2 per cent over the same year, with q3 increasing by 10.9 per cent over the same period, while the increase has been more optimized by q1 and q2.
A 9.7 per cent increase in the same year; on the other hand, the value of the company ' s new business continued to improve at a rate significantly better than that of its counterparts, benefiting from the company ' s continued promotion of its long-term guaranteed products and an improvement in the new unit price; the model grew steadily, reaching 1,430 million firm agents at the end of September, an increase of 3.2 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
Given the low four-quarter premium revenue base, and the steady growth in the size of the company’s agents, it is expected that the growth in the value of the company’s new business will increase further. □ The tax revenues affect the level of net gains in production insurance, and the steady growth of profits in the technology sector.
In addition, the combined cost of safe birth insurance decreased by 0.1 percentage points to 96.0 per cent compared to the same period.
In addition, the first three quarters of corporate financial and medical science and technology operations were returned to their mother base, with operating profits of $5,403 million, an increase of 700.4 per cent, and 6.3 per cent of the group ' s operating profits.
The business block has become a steady profit growth point for companies. The company’s new business value has expanded further, and the investment end is expected to improve marginally.
In the six months following the report’s release, the firm/industry ups and downs were compared to the previous ups and downs of the upper index/subsidiary index for the same period. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Synchronization of markets: The rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuates between ~5 ~ + 5 %; there will be no change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.