Company Review — The value of new businesses in the non-banking financial sector continues to improve, q3 growing by 10.9% in a single season, and China is safe (601318.sh)
Wuping Ping issued a tri-quarter report in 2018. 1) Profits from parent operations increased by 19.5% and premiums increased at a robust rate.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved a total operating income of $75,456 million, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the first quarter of the same year, with an increase in life and health insurance.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the value of new corporate life and health insurance operations was 55.425 billion yuan, the growth in the number of agents of the same year and the optimization of the business structure contributed to the continued growth in the value of the company ' s new business. By the end of September 2018, the size of corporate agents stood at 1.43 million, a further increase of 3.2 per cent over the end of the second quarter.
The company has taken the initiative to restructure its products, focusing on longer-term guaranteed products of high business value, focusing on the promotion of the sale of major risk types, such as “better luck” and “favourful score” and the continuous improvement of its product system in the future. Business architecture optimization has contributed to the increase in the value of the company’s new business.
The new business value rate is 42.1 per cent, an increase of 4.3 percentage points over the same period. 3) Production insurance premiums have grown steadily, with a steady increase of 15 per cent compared to a steady increase in the earnings of the insured.
Revenue from premiums of $43,732 million increased by 44.4 per cent, compared with 19.23 per cent in the same period last year, to 24.14 per cent today. With good corporate management and risk screening capabilities, safe production is safe, the overall quality of the business remains excellent, and the insured continues to be profitable.
The combined cost of the insurance was 96 per cent, down 0.1 percentage points from the previous year, a slight increase over the 95.8 per cent in the first half of the year, and continued to outperform the industry. The profit had increased by 6.4 per cent from the previous year, and the net profit had fallen by 22.0 per cent from the same year, mainly because of the increase in transaction costs, which had led to an increase in taxable income.
and the impact of the reduction in equity-type asset-sallow income, while assets classified after corporate implementation as fair value measured and converted to current-period gains and losses, with significant increases in fair value movements, fluctuations in gains and losses 5)
In the first three quarters of 2018, the net profit of the bank was $20,456 million, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the previous six months, a further increase over the 6.5 per cent increase in the first half of the year. Retail business transformations deepened and performance contributions increased, with net profits of 68 per cent over the previous three quarters, an increase of 2.7 percentage points over the previous three quarters, and retail customers.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the rate of non-performing bank loans, deviations and more than 90 days exceeded the percentage points; 169.14% of the end-of-service coverage was 18.06 percentage points higher than at the beginning of the year.
The company's asset management business performed well, with $12,231 million operating profits in the first three quarters of 2018 and $8,429 million operating profits in other asset management operations, an increase of 62.7 per cent over the same period.
The company was the first to embrace Fintech in the country, establishing a technology-driven development business model, and the “financial plus technology” transition has been increasing rapidly. In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate financial and medical science and technology operated with profits of $5,403 million, a sevenfold increase, representing 6.3 per cent of corporate operating profits.
By the end of September 2018, the cumulative number of corporate technology patent applications amounted to 8534. The four core technologies of "intelligent knowledge, artificial intelligence, block chains, clouds" were widely applied in the context of customer operations, channel management, customer services, risk management, etc.
In addition, the financial and medical science and technology platform, which is represented by the Land Gold Institute, the Safe Doctor, the Safe Health Science and Technology, and the Financial Services Board, has exported its core technical services. The company is committed to becoming an international leader in the area of personal financial services and active participation.
(b) Equity buy-backs and employee-holding schemes are recently released, highlighting management confidence and contributing to corporate valuation repairs.