Quarterly review: Core indicators continue to be good and short-term profit fluctuations are not considered enough
In terms of life insurance, the value of the new business is growing, with a significant marginal increase in the three-quarter period; production risks are improving steadily, and the cost rate is falling further. In terms of investment, the equity market is weak, but it is still better than the same.
The growth of the traditional good-for-peace business and the push of the new incubation business to the group, and the company’s current low-value valuation, continue to recommend investments with “buy-in.” The net gain of the first three quarters was 20%: China achieved a net profit of $79.4 billion by the third quarter of Peace 2018, yoy
19.7 per cent increase; operating profits of $85.6 billion were recorded after the impact of investment fluctuations and discount rates were eliminated; yoy increases in life insurance - significant marginal improvements in the value of new operations: 283.2 billion in premium revenue in the first three quarters and 21.2 per cent in yoy, far better than in industry, with 2.6 pct higher than at the beginning of the year
From the investment to the guarantee, the new business value of the insurance product is expected to rise. On the safe side, the first three quarters saw a safe new business value increase of 4.3 to 42.1%, compared to 3.6 times in the first half of the year.
Portfolio of products Product insurance — the combined rate of cost has fallen on a year-on-year basis: in the case of production insurance, insurance premiums of $181.1 billion have been achieved, with an increase of 15.0 per cent, which is also better for peers than for non-car insurance (non-car insurance premiums of $50.7 billion, with an increase of yoy).
Forty-four per cent and 13.9 billion dollars in insurance coverage for cars, with 6.6 per cent increase for yoy. Corporate cost rates remain low at the ratio of institutional investors to circulationa shares, with combined cost rates falling by 0.1 to 96.0 per cent.
The profit component, which is expected to increase by 3 billion dollars, the group as a whole by 30 seasons, is expected to lose by 6.4 per cent if this factor is reversed and measured by pre-tax profits.
At the rate of return, net annualized investment income increases taxable income in the context of an increase in fiscal insurance charges and commission expenditure.
Core indicators, such as new business values, combined cost rates, are consistently positive and short-term fluctuations in performance are not considered to be sufficient, with expected compensation (expected return; er), as described below:
Figure: Increase in the value of new operations for life insurance (%): Combined cost of safe birth insurance (%): Safe China pev
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.