The two-wheel drive worked well, and the value of the new business offerings for life insurance increased.
On 29 October, China released its three-quarterly report on the realization of a return profit of 85.637 billion yuan, or +19.5 per cent for parent companies, a return of 79.397 billion yuan net, or +19.7 per cent, and an operating gain of 4.8 yuan per share.
In the first three quarters, the net profit from maternity increased by almost 20%, and the old accounting standards grew by 35.1%, roughly equal to the percentage points.
The company’s life and health insurance benefits +24.3 per cent of the same profit, mainly as a result of: 1) the focus on long-term guaranteed products, “Peace and blessings”, “Full Love”, and “Sufficiencies” – which are heavily affected by mild illness. The value of the new business grew by 10.9 per cent in the third quarter, with a cumulative increase of +3.2 per cent and a 7 per cent increase in the value of the new business. 2) The financial science and technology platform.
Individual clients reached 182 million, or +18.7 per cent, of whom 449 million, or +44 per cent, were app-users. Intergenerational productivity per capita declined by 17.7 per cent, but online customer service technology improved to support product marketing services.
\triangleright Investments of $2.65 trillion in corporate insurance funds up to the reporting period, an increase of +8.1 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, with an annualized net return on investment of 4.7 per cent and a total return on investment in the previous three quarters due to continued volatility in the stock market.
4.0%. Due to the increased impact of equity investment gains and losses on the current period, the company adjusted its equity asset allocation to a better level, with more than 97% at the aaa level, and expected to maintain a robust return on investment throughout the year.
The value of the plate has been revalued back to pb at 2.05, and the configuration value has been shown.
2. China Peace (601318): Short-term Disturbation Gradition Summary of Company Financial Statement Forecasts Xiaoping, Middle Economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, Ministry of Large State Enterprise Strategy and Development, responsible for macroeconomics and macroeconomics
In 2017, the author entered the securities policy study. He had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from a compliance channel.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,