The cost advantage of a single-crystal chain-building firm is clear.
The company is the largest single crystal silicon manufacturer in the world. Main operations include single crystal silicon bars, silicon development, production and marketing.
High-quality monocrystal silicon products are available for the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries. In the first half of 2017, the company sold 868 million single-crystal silicon tablets, of which 449 million were sold abroad, 419 million were self-used and 99.06 per cent of monocrysil silicon production was sold.
The pool component is loaded at 2,188mw, of which 1,259mw is sold externally for the single crystal component, with a sales rate of 100.19% for the single crystal component from 796mw. During the reporting period, the demand for single crystal products, representing high efficiency and quality, was strong and the product was always in high sales.
S0790514060001 Increasing R & D profitability significantly increases cost controls as the firm ' s core competitiveness:
Ten thousand yuan, representing 7.08 per cent of current operating income, and the rapid application of new technologies and processes to scale production, with significant results in cost control and efficient product innovation. At the end of June 2017, the cost of corporate single crystal silicon non-silicon was reduced by 18 per cent, with components.
The cost of chain nonsilicon is 23% lower than the cost. In particular, we note that the company reports open source securities, Inc., and the city gate, 5th floor.
The cost advantage is also the firm’s current core competitiveness within the industry. Future expansion of firms to build industrial chains is accelerated: on the one hand, firms are very determined to expand their capacity in order to ease supply constraints on monocrystal products.
On the other hand, the five-gw single-crystal silicon bar project in Silvergawa and the 1gw single-crysilicon stick project in Ning Halongki have entered the equipment validation phase with 300mw single-crysilicon bar, 1gw single-crysilicon chip, 500mw single-crystal battery and 500mw single-crystal component in Kujinlongki.
The project is now in its final stages and is expected to be fully operational in the fourth quarter of 2017; The 5gw single-crysilicon rods project and 500mw components of the Xi'an annual production project in Paosan Lungi are moving forward.
In addition, in March of this year, the company, from large-scale production equipment such as single-crystal furnaces, slicers, etc., and even some of the supporting materials, has a very cooperative enterprise that has a strong autonomy over the price of the equipment.
According to the public announcement, the same company has invested about 8 billion yuan in the construction of a single-crystal silicon-head joint with one of the country's largest companies, 50,000 tons of high-purity polysilicon and associated new energy projects, of which the shares of Lungi contribute 1.8.
This can be seen as a further support to companies’ single-crystal competitive advantage in order to obtain stable raw materials. So Lungi shares have both a technological cost advantage and an investment advantage in their own development and upgrading.
The cost advantage of a downstream whole-of-the-industry chain is that a firm's overall output in the industry will be highly competitive, the industry's leading position will be stronger and its profitability will be unmatched in the industry for a certain period of time.
Risk expectations: Overcapacity risks associated with industry development; risks of international trade disputes and trade policy adjustments
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.