Quantities increase steady and performance will be higher than expected; space opening, monochrystal opening, great policy gain, industry prospects bright: 1) first half of year photo-volt machine data are more than expected, new loads are added
The machine 24.4gw is above the expectations of 22gw in the same period last year. In particular, distribution 7.1gw, and the Poverty Plan 4gw, which will be online, is expected to be more than 40gw in the year in view of the continued spread of the distribution, and beyond the 20-30gw expected in the previous market generally.
Renewable energy generation target, 17-20, 86.5gw photovoltaic centralized power station, 22gw per year, counting open-scale distributed, village-level power stations with additional installed units above 35gw per year, long-term space opening, policy support, smooth transition to a price-neutral period.
The long-term objective of the photovoltaic industry is to move away from subsidies and affordable access. The cost of monocrystal products as a result of the rapid import of new technologies for pull-and-cutting, and the battery assembly chain, is rapidly decreasing.
The rapid diffusion of processes such as perc has led to an acceleration of efficiency gains, and has recently had a greater comparative advantage in the cost of combined electricity. The incremental market, characterized by distributional eruptions and the build-up of the leader, is more friendly for single crystal products. The combination of internal and external causes, and the trend towards accelerated replacement of single crystals, has been established.
The multi-crystal route does not have the ability to respond until it fully addresses the problems of cutting the diamond + black silicon technology and increasing the efficiency of back-end battery assemblies. In the long run, because of the characteristics of the crystal structure of the process, the future is very efficient, even with the new ibc, hit, and so on.
1. With high levels of profitability innovation, a single crystal course will be more advantageous in the evolution of monocrystal wave technology. The era of monocrystalism has come.
The annual report is a perfect collection, single crystal acceleration, which at the end of the year reached 15 and 25gw, respectively, making the largest output of silicon tablets worldwide.
More than 2 billion pieces will be delivered. The single crystal product has been in a state of oversupply since this year. Over the past three quarters, influenced by the demand for the network of the runners and the surge in overseas exports, single crystal silicon prices have been up to expectations, single crystals, and so on.
Strong, over-expected, Māori rates are rising as costs continue to fall. Silicon rates are expected to exceed 35% in the first half of the year, are expected to reach 40% in the third quarter, and profitability is expected to continue to outpace.
The company has a large number of production bases in Shaanxi, Ningxia, Yunnan, etc., relying on localization advantages, access to roadway resources to facilitate the development of power station operations. The subsequent power station presence continues to hold and transfer two business models.
The power station’s annual operating profits will amount to $400 million, and the transfer will contribute $80-100 million in profits (including a profit forecast for : taking into account the high profile of the industry in the second half of the year, as well as the strong price of the product, we will raise the company’s profit forecast. The price-parity era is approaching, the long-term space opens; single crystal replacement accelerates, the city’s occupancy rates are rising, and the company is acting as a single crystal industry.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board