The Māori rate continued to rise, with a strong single-crystal growth capacity: the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: the company issued its semi-annual 2017 report, which generated operating revenue of $6.28 billion during the reporting period, down from the same time.
2.3 per cent, resulting in a net return of 1.240 billion yuan, an increase of 43.6 per cent over the same period, of which the company achieved a net return of 80 million yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 34 per cent in the same period, a rise of 81.3 per cent in the ring, and attaining a single-season return net profit — the Maori rate at its best in history: the company continued to step up its research and development efforts during the reporting period, investing 440 million yuan in research.
Costs, which account for 7.1 per cent of revenues, and sustained R & D inputs that enable companies to switch efficiency gains while falling costs, continue to grow robustly in a complex competitive environment. Corporate overall M & A rates continued to decline in the first half of the 17th year, with the cost of single crystal silicon non-silica falling by 18 per cent and the cost of component non-silicon by 23 per cent.
The expansion of productive capacity has accelerated and the unit investment cost has fallen: the company's capacity will be released further in the second half of the year, the Sinakawa, Ning and Shau projects have entered the equipment commissioning phase, and the Gujin project is expected to reach production in the fourth quarter of 17 years. The construction of the Paoshan and Xian projects is accelerating. In addition, the company's unit capacity investment is declining year by year, with the company's 14-year silver.
The 1gw silicon rod in the Kawah project still requires $530 million in investment, while the company ' s current 1gw project corresponds to only $420 million in investment, a decrease of 21 per cent.The self-use of products has increased significantly, with a follow-up period at the hand station: 870 million silicon tablets (+17.6 per cent) in the first half of the year.
Of this amount, 450 million (-21.7%) were sold abroad, 420 million (+154.5%) were used, and the large increase in the self-use of silicon and components was the main cause of the slight drop in production in the first half of the year. At the same time, the first half of the year, when the power station was connected to the Internet by 405mw, distributed to the network by 564mw, validated the way the company used its own components.
There are two types of profitable models followed by electric power generation and overall sales. . . 17 years of photovoltaic industry development is expected: 23.6gw in January-June and 11.3gw in July, according to the Chinese ITU data.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. As the company's Māori rate rises above expectations, we have significantly reduced the cost of the non-silicon profits, and the Māori rate has reached its best level ever.
Summary of performance: During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $6.28 billion, a 2.3 per cent decline in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1.24 billion, a 43.6 per cent increase in the same year, a net gain of $1.23 billion, a 44.1 per cent increase in the same year, of which the net return to the mother of $80.0 billion was realized in the second quarter, a 34.0 per cent increase in the same period.
Of the 450 million items sold, 420 million were self-used, with a 99.1 per cent production rate and 2188 mw for single crystal components, of which 1,259 mw were sold externally and 796 mw were used for its own use. Of these, the company achieved a net return profit of 80 million yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 34 per cent in the same year, a rise of 81.3 per cent in the ring, reaching the best level of single-quarter return net profit.
The Māori rate was the highest in history: in the reporting period, the overall Māori rate was 35.1%, an increase of 9.2 percentage points over the same period. This was largely due to the continuing decline in the cost of the company’s products, a decrease of 18% in the cost of single crystal silicon non-silicon per year, and a decrease of 23% in the cost of components non-silicon per year.
On a product-by-product basis, the company ' s Māori ratio for silicon and electricity rose significantly, by 45.4 and 47 percentage points, respectively, but the overall Māori rate rose by a larger share of silicon and components, with little change in the respective rates of 7.8 and 10.7 per cent, respectively, and a higher position in the supply chain: overall, the cost of selling did not change much, by 4.2 per cent.
The increase of 1.2 percentage points in the same period, 4.3 per cent in management costs, 0.2 percentage points in the same year, and 1.5 per cent in financial costs, 0.91 percentage points in the same year. The increase in financial costs is mainly due to short-term corporate borrowing of $2.15 billion during the reporting period and the relative strength of the company ' s upstream and downstream position in the supply chain as compared with its accounts receivable and payable.
The expansion of capacity has accelerated and the future performance can be expected: the company's capacity will be released further in the second half of the year, the Sinakawa and Ningxia projects have entered the equipment commissioning phase, and the Goojin project is expected to reach production in the fourth quarter of 17 years. The construction of the Paoshan and Xian projects is accelerating. At the same time, financial data show that the company's construction works were at $3.33 billion, an increase of 151.8 per cent, and that the company's output was validated.
It is also worth noting that corporate investment in unit capacity is also declining year by year, with the company ' s annual production of 1.2gw silicon rods for 14 years remaining at $640 million, i.e. 530 million for 1gw, while the company ' s current Rygang Lungi 5gw silicone stick project, 1gw for a mere 420 million yuan investment per year, falls by 21 per cent.
Costs, which account for 7.1% of revenues, and sustained R & D inputs that allow companies to switch efficiency gains at a time when costs are falling, while performing robustly in a complex competitive environment. During the reporting period, companies introduced high-power single-glass perc bi-faced components hi-mo2, producing 60 Hi-mo1 components with a power of 325.6w and a conversion efficiency of 19.9% at the same time.
The cost of single crystal silicon non-silicon decreased by 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the cost of component non-silicon decreased by 23 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 17 years of light voltage with additional loads of swords means 50gw: according to the Chinese ITU caliber, 23.6gw was installed in January-June in the country, and 11.3gw in July in the country, resulting in a new high level of historical single-month loads.
34.9gw, an increase of 155.6 per cent over the same year, has exceeded the 16-year total of new photovoltaics (34.54gw). We believe that the reasons for the continuing high innovation in the number of new loads in July are four main factors in terms of direct impact: (1) pro-poor projects: (2) distributed photovoltaics continue to outpace expectations: (3) three-quarters champions' plans are under heavy pressure to join the network: (4) part of “630”
In essence, it is still expected that the amount of light-voltage machines will continue to be higher than expected because of the drop in the entire chain of industry, the overall investment resulting from the efficiency gains will decline, the return on investment will rise, and it will be possible to achieve a pre-positioned photovoltaic price on the Internet. In the second half of the year, the photo-voltage chain will be in a “quiet season,” and in the second half, we think, conservatively, the lead-runners will be on the net.
The allocation of approximately 3gw space and the distribution of at least 3gw space, combined with photovoltaic poverty alleviation and centralized power stations, and the conservative estimate of at least 10gw increment after August, have resulted in at least 45gw installed throughout the year, and it is optimistic that no compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.