Researchchand developmentcenter Crystal Energy: An Integration Component Leads Topcon’s New Era
- Crystal Energy (688223) for the first time covered the 13th of March 2023.
The company was previously created in 2006 as Crystal Energy (688223) Jiangxi Crystal Energy Co. Ltd., the main business being solar photovoltaic components, battery chips, silicon development, etc.
Production and marketing, leading vertically integrated production in the industry, with four consecutive years of global photovoltaic component output leading in 2016-2019. Corporate operating income increased from $29,490 billion in 2019-2021.
The product structure of the 2022 q4n product has improved significantly, with a rapid increase to about 44%. According to the company ' s 2022 performance report, the company achieved economic uplifts in 2022, driving the demand for photovoltaics and rapidly increasing the concentration of components.
The cycle, from reliance on policy support and subsidies to the era of price parity, has seen a significant reduction in the cost of achieving global photovoltaic flatisation between 2010 and 2021, thanks to China ' s photovoltaic manufacturing, technological advances and economies of scale, with electricity costs falling from $0.42/degree to $1.05/degree, a decrease of 88 per cent, with photovoltaic power currently in place.
Most parts of the world have already achieved parity. With global carbon neutrality and targets determined, we believe that the photovoltaic industry has a high degree of certainty about long-term growth, with a projected increase in global additional installed aircraft from 238gw to 500gw in 2025, with an average annual compound increase of 28%.
By the end of 2022, companies expected silicon, battery and component design capacity to be 65/55/70gw, respectively.
Efficient battery and assembly capacity will reach 75/75/90gw, respectively. In addition, the company, as a leader in the industry ' s transition from p- to n-type technology, took the lead in establishing an N-topcon battery 900mw production line as early as 2019.
By 35gw, which accounts for more than 60% of total capacity, it is the industry’s first-ever component of the n component, which exceeds 10gw per year. By the end of 2022, the company’s fully produced Topcon battery had achieved an average output efficiency of output of the n module, which is expected to continue to lead the industry.
The company relies on brand channels to speed up the layout of the +bipv track. After many years of development, the public sector has gained an internationally recognized brand reputation, a good market image, and now the company relies on its own brand advantage to speed up the layout of the +bipv track, in which the company's household uses and business owners are engaged.
The current market channel has been opened gradually, and the product has been successfully applied to projects such as the visual wall of the commercial building, the roof of the PV shed, the Sun House, etc., and is expected to become a new growth pole in corporate performance in the future.
The component city leads the way, returns to a, financial costs, administrative costs are gradually improving, and multiple operations are working in tandem with the cindasecuritiesco.ltd development is well under way and there is wide room for growth, with first-time coverage of the "buy-in" rating given to the company.
The risk factor is that the additional light-voltage loader will be less than expected: n-type technology will be less advanced than expected: public production will expand less than expected.
Markets are concerned about falling demand in the short-term photovoltaic sector, where the manufacturing chain will generally be exposed to profitability when the rigid bottlenecks in the industrial chain open, and integrated components will be subject to both valuation and profitability pressures. Since the industry entered the price-parity cycle, the global carbon neutralization and political support and economic upscaling have led to a period of high growth, with industrial chains in the last two years due to inadequate upstream supply of silicon.
Prices have continued to rise, and the industry as a whole has been out of supply and demand for almost two years, with most of the profits from the industrial chain concentrated in the upstream silicon chain. Since the fourth quarter of 22 years, the rigid supply bottlenecks in the industrial chain have been opened and the prices of the industry chain have declined considerably.
With high demand, shorter construction times for photovoltaic projects, and more elastic end demand, we expect that the decline in the prices of the industrial chain will sting the rapid growth of global photovoltaic demand, that the prices of the industrial chain will be supported in reverse, that the overall industry price is likely to rise somewhat over the pre-photo-parity cycle, that the industrial chain will face a redistribution of profits, and that downstream components are expected to recover for profit.
The festival is the downstream link of the photovoltaic manufacturing chain, with direct exposure to end-users, light asset attributes, lower barriers to manufacturing technology, and a major core competitiveness in terms of quality cards, channels, and business management. Most of the leading component firms have undergone the christening period of the previous photovoltaic industry, experience in business management, risk management, and core competitive elements such as brand names, channels, technology, etc. are already in place.
In the context of high performance growth, head-assembly firms also have an increasing capacity to absorb capital, continue to expand upstream into the manufacturing chain, invest in new production capacity on a large scale, improve integration rates, effectively raise profitability, increase resistance to industrial cycle fluctuations, and continuously expand barriers to competition. We judge that the photovoltaic industry is still in technology.
In the rapid progress phase, where there is still much room for efficiency gains and lower costs, 23-year-n-topcon mass production is expected to accelerate the overall technological breakthrough in the industry, which, coupled with a rapid increase in the economics of photovoltaic power driven by downland prices, stimulates more potential demand to accelerate the release. We believe that if demand in the photovoltaic sector is higher than expected, integrated component enterprises are expected to continue to suffer.
In addition, the company topcon's technology-leading industry, in which the industry's leading production is expected to fully benefit from Topcon's excess earnings, is expected to be supported by the company's trust group.
The advantages of the channel, the horizontal expansion of the diversified business, the sustained breakthroughs in the bipv, storage, etc., differentiated competitive advantages are expected to lead to further improvements in the level, growth space, core competitiveness and a double increase in the valuation of profits.
1.1 Component Integration Lead Enterprise, Topcon Technical Lead Industry 1.0 Age (2006-2010): Mission-based, spearheaded integration, 2006 with the promulgation of the National Renewable Energy Act, which committed the company to “change the energy structure, assume responsibility for failure”