Incidents: 24 March, Commercial Bank published the 2022 report. Revenue of $344.78 billion, yoy+4.1 per cent; Net interest income grew stronger and profits increased more quickly. As of the end of 22 years, the cumulative revenue was equal to \triangleright
The rate of increase (downside) has fallen by 1.3 pct compared to 22q3, driven mainly by other non-interest-bearing income growth of the same year, and the 22q4 debt-market return has had a significant impact on fair value change gains and losses. Debt market fluctuations have also further affected net fee income, with negative year-on-year growth, mainly as a result of the decline in income from the surrogate fund.
Income performance is relatively bright, maintaining a growth rate of more than 7%, with a recovery in net interest differentials providing an important boost. Net return profits have increased by 0.9 pct over the same period by 22 q3.
\trianglerights grew by 14.1% from the same year and, before the collapse of the debt market, as of the end of October 22nd, measured the size of the money collected.
In the second half of the second half of the year, the trend towards the periodicization of personal deposits has led to the introduction of annual wealth management operations and the optimization of retail aum structures providing for greater flexibility.
Net interest differentials recovered from higher rates of return on financial investment and industry operations. The 22-year net interest differentials were 2 bp higher than the \triangleright one-quarter rate of return on assets, mainly financial investments (+3bp) and joint ventures.
The pull effect of firing (+45bp). This may indicate a modest increase in bond investment (with better nominal returns) in 22q4 to capture market fluctuations, and a significant increase in the rate of return on peer-to-peer dismantling, the overall stability of asset quality and a further contraction of real estate risk exposure. By the end of 22, the negative rate was higher.
\triangleright 2. Merchant Bank (600036.sh) has a detailed report for the first quarter of 2022 22q3 up by 1 bp, raising the rate of concern and delay by 7 bp and 8 bp, respectively, still largely at risk in the real estate sector
The impact of market fluctuations, changes in personnel, and the absence of a leader in wealth exposure has increased the poor rate of loans to public real estate by 76bp.
We expect that the risks associated with the introduction of real-estate operations will be more manageable. In addition, a provision is made for coverage. A caller bank: perform well and re-enter - investment proposal: profit increases continue, wealth management progresses further.
Net interest differentials rebounded, supporting a robust growth in net interest income; high provisioned boosted profits rebounded for three consecutive quarters; and the housing-related risk exposure was further reduced, and policy and real estate performance data pointed to marginal improvements in real estate risks.
Figure 2: Increases in net interest income, net fee income, on a year-on-year basis, as at 2022
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.