Bank of Merchants (600036): small improvement in the q4 interest differential ring, steady development of wealth management operations.
The frontline - the Shenzhen Snake Gate - is the first commercial bank in China to be fully owned by a corporate entity, and to have a small deceleration of the rate of growth of the windfall and the rate of recovery of the net profit from the provision of anti-breeding.
(a) 34,478 million dollars, a decrease of 1.2 pct to 4.1 per cent compared with the previous three quarters, mainly due to non-interest income;
In the 35 years since it was established, the merchant bank has become a net interest income: 7 per cent increase in the same year (0.6 per cent decline in the speed circle). This is mainly due to the growth in the size of the credit market in Hong Kong, with commercial banks, financial leases, foundations.
The deceleration of interest differentials has been further narrowed, but the decline has been reduced. Bank groups with financial plates such as gold management, life insurance, offshore investment, consumer finance, and financial subsidiaries are worldwide.
• Net non-interest income: a 0.62 per cent decline in the year-on-year ratio (2.5pct decline in the acceleration link).1 The drag on wealth management has a distinct development character and significant market influence, mainly affected by the decline in wealth management (14.3 per cent decline in the year-on-year).
The decline in income from commodities was evident, mainly because of the collapse of capital markets last year, the decline in the size of agent funds, especially equity-type funds, and the initiative of companies to depress trust products such as finance; agency insurance, the success of a well-developed customer base; and the further strengthening of the customer base. 184 million retail customers at the end of the year.
Retail sales aum 12.1 trillion yuan, an increase of 6.36 per cent and 12.68 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year. Of this amount, sunflowers and, mainly, reduced financial investment and the provision for joint assets.
The main contribution of the recovery in the GPR was the wide spread in the industry (Run + 30bp), while the credit spread continued to narrow (Run + 3bp). Looking ahead, in 2023, the expected narrow pressure on net interest differentials remains, on the one hand, mortgages, reprioritization of loans, affecting a quarterly interest differential, and, on the other hand, the continuing downs in the pricing of new loans issued since this year.
However, considering that the cost of deposits is expected to fall gradually under interest rates, the differential pressure may have kept the overall quality of the assets stable and put pressure on public real estate and retail loans. The rate of non-performing loans at the end of the year is 67bp. The non-performing ratio of retail loans rose by 7bp to 0.9%.
10 bp, 13 bp to 1.77%, 1.08%, respectively, mainly due to the effects of the epidemic. From poor generation, policy optimization and improved sales, negative production in real estate is expected to decline on a year-on-year basis and risks are phased out; tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
On retail loans, as the impact of the epidemic subsides and the economy and consumption recovers, the adverse generation situation will gradually improve, s148052107003 and asset quality is expected to remain stable throughout the year.
Investment proposals: In 2022, companies were exposed to real estate risks and the impact of the epidemic on the retail business climate.
As the economy and consumption recover, retail lending and wealth management needs warm and retail advantages are expected to be highlighted, catalytic fundamentals and valuation repairs are expected. 2023 pb. We look forward to leading business models, business models, organizational models, big wealth management.
The value circulation chain is expected to continue to function, strengthen the competitiveness of the company’s market, and maintain a “highly recommended” rating. The out-of-date shift has had an impact on the banking environment, with bank magnification speed, net interest differential levels, asset quality, and figure 2: Net profit of a bank of 4q22 increased by 18.0% on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 3: Merit Bank 3q22, 2022 split performance Source of Eastern financial wisdom Figure 5: Recruitment Bank 4q22 poor, concern, default rate fluctuations
Table 1: Indicators related to wealth management in commercial banks Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Business Exchange Bank (600036): the q4 difference ring is slightly better and the wealth management business is growing steadily.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.