The customer base is further consolidated, with a net interest margin of 22 q4 raised, the Merchant Bank (600036) reported for the year 2022: the Bank of Merchants published its annual report for the year 2022, which achieved business income of $344,783 million for the year, and the same amount.
This represents an increase of 4.08 per cent, a net gain of $13.812 billion to the mother, an increase of 15.08 per cent to the same year, and an increase of net profit growth in the Roaaa and Roae, respectively. In 2022, the buying bank achieved operating income of $344,783 million, while net fees and commissions decreased by 0.18 per cent to the same year, mainly because of the capital market.
The cost-earning ratio was reduced and the cost-receiving cost-resort was reduced, and in 2022, the net profit from the recruitment of banks grew by 15.08 per cent on a year-on-year basis, further tightening the customer base over the first three quarters of 2022. By the end of 2022, the hiring bank managed the total assets of retail customers.
The main data is an increase in the net interest margin ratio of 22q4 on 24 March 2023. The net interest margin of the merchant banks was 2.37 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2022, a net profit margin of 2.26 per cent, and the ring averaged an increase of 1 bp, mainly due to the increase in returns on investment and peer assets.
The output rate of return rose by 2bps. In 2022, the firm ' s net interest spread was 2.40%, a decrease of 8bps from the previous year, mainly due to a decline in asset yields at the end of the asset, influenced by factors such as lower market interest rates and the continued concessionality of the real economy; and at the end of the liability, the business capital was inactive and overtaken by capital markets.
Intrusive investments have shifted to regular savings, resulting in a decline in the current ratio. Poor rates have fluctuated slightly. A total of 580.04 billion yuan in non-performing loans from merchant banks in 2022, an increase of 7,142 million yuan, has been affected by the slowdown in economic growth and the further release of real estate customer risk;
Investment proposals: In 2022, banks of merchants insisted on a “quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic and balanced development, sound operations, higher net profit growth, a stronger customer base, higher risk, strong countervailing capacity, expected macroeconomic repairs, warmer consumption, and reduced real estate risk.
Commercial banks are expected to be able to revalue, and therefore move up to the “buy-in” rating. Businesses are expected to be 2023 - anticipated risks; property recovery is not as likely to lead to weak credit demand and pressure on the quality of bank assets; lower market interest rates lead to lower returns on bank assets and a continued pressure on net spreads
“Stead” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.