Stock risk continues to be cleared, profits are raised, capital advantages are higher, net profits are increased by 15.1% in 2022, profits are growing faster, and profit contributions are derived mainly from patterns, provisions, etc. Roae and core-level capital adequacy rates are on average higher, and profitability and capital strength are higher.
The company’s annual report focuses on a number of points: first, the asset quality, the firm’s real estate stock, the risk of clean-up, the impact of the epidemic, the marginal weighting of the quality of business assets such as credit cards in retail operations, and the resulting slight increase in the public sector’s asset quality indicators. Second, net revenue from transaction costs increased by 0.2 per cent over the year, and wealth operations increased by 0.2 per cent over the year.
Income pressure, non-wealth component, remained stable, but the situation was better in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter. Third, the fourth quarter, stock risk continued to be cleared, profits increased, capital advantage increased, net interest spreads slightly increased, mainly due to higher deposits, higher rates of return on financial investment, and 4-quarter commons.
Real estate risks and the pessimism caused by changes in management are expected to be completed and restored at the market level. Firms’ absolute levels of profitability, capital, and provision continue to underscore their strong power as industry leaders.
In a complex environment of improved financial regulatory systems and domestic and foreign economic and financial complexity, corporate value is perhaps more pronounced. Companies are in our core recommended portfolio, and we maintain a consistent interest in companies and maintain an increased rating.
Four quarters net interest differentials have risen slightly, with the absolute advantage of net interest differentials continuing to be strong. Four quarters, 2.37 per cent, ring 1bp, resulted from higher returns on asset-end financial investment and industry, the ratio of end-of-liabilities to end-of-debt deposit growth, and asset end-of-assembly investments were slightly biased. Four quarters of deposits followed by bond investments.
Financial investment grew by 27.2% at the end of the year, a significant increase over the three quarters. This was due to the lower base of last year’s year’s year’s period, while financial investment grew by 8.5% over the four-quarter period.
Loans are stable, mainly in terms of public contributions. Real estate stock risks are actively cleared, retail loans are under marginal pressure, and the overall risk is manageable.
The output quality-related indicators have continued the trend since the third quarter of last year and remain slightly on track. The negative rate was 0.96 per cent, an increase of 1 bp over the previous quarter. Four quarters of the outbreak was overtaken by events and within 90 days more than three quarters, based on improved interest spreads in the company ' s four quarters, reduced transaction fees, sustained growth in scale and risk assets.
Increased real estate pressure and economic downside expectations. Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
(b) Banks: share-based banks, whose net return profit in 2022 was $138 billion, an increase of 15.1 per cent over the same year, net interest income increased by 7.0 per cent over the year, net fee income increased by 0.2 per cent over the year, operating income grew by 4.1 per cent over the same year, total assets grew by 9.6 per cent over the beginning of the year and loans by 8.6 per cent over the beginning of the year;
Roae and core-level capital adequacy have increased by equals, profitability and capital strength. The company reports annually that we focus on a number of points: first, asset quality, a positive clean-up of the company’s real estate stock, the impact of the epidemic, credit cards in retail operations, etc.
The marginal weight on the quality of assets led to a slight increase in the corporate asset quality indicator. Second, net revenue from transaction fees increased by 0.2 per cent over the year-on-year period, income from wealth operations was kept steady, but the non-wealth portion was better than in the last four quarters. Third, net interest spreads increased slightly in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of higher deposits, higher returns on financial investment, and in the course of debt-market restructuring in the fourth quarter.
The pessimism caused by real-estate risks and changes in management is expected to be completed and restored at the market level. Absolute levels of corporate profitability, capital, and provision continue to underscore the firm’s power as a leader in the industry.
Highlights. The company is in our core recommended portfolio, and we continue to look good at the company and maintain an increased rating. 1 - 4 quarter net interest differentials have increased slightly, with the absolute advantage of net interest differentials continuing to stand out. 4 quarter net gains of 2.37 per cent and ring increases of 1 bp. 4 quarter interest margin increases, resulting from asset-end financial investment and peer earnings.
Four-quarter financial investment returns of 3.24%, ring increases of 3bp, peer returns of 2.49%, loan interest rates down, resulting from four-quarter high lending prices, downs in market interest rates, and lending investments, or more, from several factors, such as equity. At the same time, the weight pricing structure is more similar to the four major lines, and the loan is much faster.
A decrease of 24bp over the same year; a decrease of 13bp over the same year by 4.54 per cent in the return on loans; and an increase of 11bp over the same year by 1.52 per cent in the rate of interest on deposits. High-cost deposit replacements have either higher or smaller impact owing to better cost controls on deposits.
The growth in the size of the company in four quarters was faster than in three quarters. The increase in deposits continued at the end of the year, with deposits growing by 18.8 per cent over the year and active liabilities continuing to fall. Total assets grew by 9.6 per cent over the year, a slight increase of 0.8 percentage points over the three quarters.
Three or four quarters of reduced revenue from fees, market adjustments affecting investment-type income or better than industry averages, are now very resilient, not only from the strong foundation and strength of corporate retail wealth, but also from the systemic advantages accumulated over time, as well as from the continued development of public service capacity and integrated financial capacity.
The downward pressure on the wealth business of fee revenue, the continuing decline in funds and trusts, the slowdown in fiscal management and the continued rapid growth of insurance. Throughout the year, the wealth management fee and commission revenue fell by $30,903 million, or 14.28 per cent, mainly as a result of changes in capital markets. Of this, the fund, trust sales income, which fell by 46 per cent and 47 per cent on a year-on-year basis, was mainly affected by market fluctuations, while the discount revenue grew by 5.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The rate of growth slowed; surrogate insurance income continued to grow at a high rate of 61 per cent over the same period, while surrogate insurance income continued to rise as a proportion of wealth income. Income from non-rich operations fees continued to grow steadily.
Of the other non-interest-bearing income, non-investment income increased by 42% over the year; the fourth quarter received $2.8 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 31% over the same period, mainly in rental and insurance operations. The same figure fell by 59%, mainly in investment-related fair value changes.
A decline of $2.26 billion. Debt market fluctuations have an impact on profit tables and balance sheets, but other non-interest-bearing income has been generated as a percentage of revenue, which is 9.4 per cent, and fair value. Financial investments measured (taking into account current gains and losses and other combined gains) have been 12 per cent of total assets, with a limited impact throughout the year.4 Real estate stock risks are actively cleared, retail lending pressures are marginal and overall risks are manageable.
The indicator relating to asset quality, which continues the trend since the third quarter of last year, shows a slight upward trend. The year-end failure rate was 0.96 per cent, an increase of 1 bp from the end of the previous quarter. The ratio of overdue loans was 1.29 per cent, an increase of 26 bp from the previous year.
This represents an increase of $6,862 million, with bad corporate lending generated mainly in real estate, manufacturing, and agriculture, and concentrated in the country’s top-ranked medium-sized enterprises. Corporate retail asset quality pressure has generally gone up, mainly from credit card operations, with credit card undergeneration of $1.178 billion in 2022, with a small increase in retail sub-deficit rates.
The company ' s write-off and disposal were still strong, with the financial disclosure data of $39.1 billion, an increase of $4 billion over the same period. In 2022, the company ' s real estate stock was cleared and the size of the real estate-related business continued to shrink. In 2022, the amount of bad loans to public property was $15.3 billion, an increase of $4.1 billion over the medium term, a negative rate of 4.08 per cent, and an increase of 1.26 percentage points over the medium term.
5. The increase in the provision for loan increases, the non-credit provision for counter-feeding profits, the high stock credit provision for smooth impairment losses of $8.14 billion on the same basis as in Pido, the non-lending portion of $16.93 billion less on the same basis, and the non-lending portion of the non-lending portion of the previous period sufficient to provide a continuous relief from the pressure of the credit impairment increase.
The share of the amortized-cost-lending component is 86% of the value-depreciated versus the impairment-depreciated-lending component (phase III), with an increase in the medium term and an adequate drawdown. At the same time, the firm’s non-lending component is well funded and its overall risk-resilient capacity continues to be excellent.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Macroeconomic developments affect the operation of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.