High-quality development is steadily advancing, and the management of big wealth is on track. Events: In recent days, merchant banks have disclosed annual reports for 2022: net return profit ratio + 15.08 per cent (last three quarters + 14.21 per cent); relatively robust harvests, with profits growing faster than the previous three quarters. In 2022, commercial bank receipts increased at a higher rate than the previous three quarters.
Decrease of 1.25 pc to 4.08 per cent; net profit returns increased by 87 bp to 15.08 per cent over the previous three quarters, second in the list of shares that have been disclosed by Wang Qing Dynasty, with an average annual compound increase of 19.07 per cent.
Growth, mainly due to the provision of anti-breeding and expansion of scale, while further profit growth, mainly due to the optimization of costs and increased contribution to the provision. \triangleright
And keeping the growth endogenous opens up space for high-quality follow-up. At the end of the debt, retail regular and current deposits are increasing, net interest gap rings are stable, and wealth management transitions are moving forward. Group net gains are 2.40% over the year, a slight decrease of 1 bp from the previous three quarters.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities is slightly lower by 1 bp and by 1 bp, respectively, than in the previous three quarters. The impact of the heavy pricing of loans and the periodicization of deposits in 2023 may still exist, but with the recovery of the economy, the recovery of consumption, the volume of retail lending and the need for settlement funds are expected to increase, with an optimal cost structure.
Despite the short-term volatility of the market, the company is determined to upgrade its large wealth management capacity, to accelerate the transformation of its business model, with retail customers at the end of the year, retail customers at the end of the year, stock customers at the end of the year, private aum assets at the end of the year, and strong security provisions.
\triangleright is still at the top of the list. Among these, the housing-related balances have fallen by 17.31% over the years, and risk projections and investment ratings: the corporate focus is on the three core competencies of wealth management, financial science and technology, risk management.
Building, while further consolidating the role of retail finance, actively promotes high-quality development. The future is likely to be promising as costs are warmer, real-estate risks are being dealt with, and larger wealth management wheels accelerate.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a candidate for the School of Honour, Financial Science and Testing. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities. Previous studies in finance, household electricity, and colored industries.
Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.