On March 27, 2023, micro, consumer loans grew strongly and retail aum continued to expand
The incident company issued its annual report for 2022, with a steady increase in net profits and a provision for the recovery of counter-feeding profits in 2022.
After a slowdown in revenue from a number of operations, revenue growth remained low, and net gains continued to benefit from a fallback. Interest differentials fell by 8bp, small, strong growth in consumption, and deposit periodicization increased by 2022, with companies achieving net interest income of $21,835 million, an increase of 7.02 per cent, and net interest differentials of 2.4 per cent, a decrease of 8bp.
As of the end of December, the loan balance of the Department stood at $6.05 trillion, an increase of 8.64 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; weak lending performance was mainly affected by the slowdown in mortgage lending, which kept small and consumer loans growing faster.
At the end of December, the company had a savings balance of $7.54 trillion, which was higher than at the beginning of the year.
Net interest income amounted to $126,548 million, a decrease of 0.62 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, $94,275 million was earned on intermediate operations, $30,903 million was earned on the Department ' s wealth management fees and commissions, a decrease of 14.28 per cent over the same period.
Divisional underperformance and loans of concern accounted for 0.96 per cent and 1.21 per cent, up 0.05 and 0.37 percentage points from the beginning of the year, largely affected by the slowdown in economic growth and the further release of real estate customer risk. Among these, public investment advice companies insisted on a “one-wing” approach, continuously promoting business model change and innovation, and retail finance cities.
With solid rivers and wholesale financial values, businesses remain at the top of their ranks, and the vanguards are highlighted. The light bank transition is accelerating, capital efficiency is being optimized, business cycles are being reduced, and the quality of profits is increasing.
Open up. We look at the future of the company and give a “recommend” rating, predicting that the bvps themselves will commit themselves to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence and professionalism. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.