Guangzhou Automobile Group
Buy
(601238.SH)
(Maintained)
Remarkable results shown by GAC's Japanese models, profit pressure
Automobile
put on GAC Motor and GAC FCA
4-Apr-19
Analyst
Company Profile
Dai Chang
Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Limited manufactures and sells automobiles. The Company
vehicles, motorcycles, and other products. Guangzhou Automobile Group also provides automobile
S0190517070005
parts manufacturing, automotive business services, automotive finance, and other services. (Source:
Bloomberg)
Wang Guanqiao
Comments
S0190515050004
Guangzhou Automobile (the company) announced its financial reports for 2018, showing a 1.13% YoY
growth in its operating revenue at CNY 72.38 bn; its net profit attributable to shareholders (NPAS) was
CNY 10.90 bn (+1.08% YoY); net profit without impacts of non-recurring items was CNY 9.8 bn (-4.7%
Zhai Wei
YoY); it planned to pay a cash dividend of CNY 2.8 (pre-tax) for every 10 shares.
S0190518060002
For Q418, operating revenue was CNY 18.87 bn (-5.4% YoY); NPAS was CNY 1.04 bn (-42.9% YoY); net
profit after non-recurring items was CNY 580 mn (-58.7% YoY); gross margin was 11.7% (-10.8 pcts
YoY).
Group Member
Dong Xiaobin
GAC's revenue and profit basically remained flat on YoY basis; GAC's Japanese models delivered decent
performance, while GAC Motor and GAC FCA operated under pressure.
In 2018, the company sold a total of 2.15 mn units of vehicles (+7.3% YoY), of which sales volume of
GAC Honda/ GAC Toyota/ GAC MITSUBISHI MOTORS/GAC Motor/ GAC FCA was 741,000 (+5.2%
YoY)/580,000 (+31.1% YoY)/144,000 (+22.7% YoY)/535,000 (+5.2% YoY)/125,000 (-39.0% YoY). The
company's 2018 NPAS basically stayed the same on YoY basis, coming in at CNY 10.9 bn. Among that,
1) investment income settled at CNY 9.0 bn (+8.1% YoY), which we estimate was mainly contributed
by GAC Honda and GAC Toyota and slightly driven by GAC MITSUBISHI MOTORS but dragged down by
GAC FCA; 2) GAC's results of "NPAS minus investment income" declined by 22.8% YoY to CNY 1.9 bn,
mainly due to a YoY decrease in earnings caused by strengthening promotion of GAC Motor's models.
The company incurred a sharp decline in its NPAS of Q418, resulting from more pressure on GAC Motor
and a larger YoY decrease in GAC FCA.
In Q418, operating revenue declined by 5.4% YoY to CNY 18.87 bn and gross margin fell by 10.9 pcts
to 11.7%, mainly due to: 1) intensified promotion of major models such (as GS4 and GS8); 2) rebates
recorded into costs instead of sales expenses according to new accounting standards. Net investment
income in Q418 dropped by 9.6% YoY to CNY 1.33 bn, which was triggered by large losses on GAC
FCA. GAC FCA sold a total of 15,000 units of vehicles, down by 43% YoY.
Earnings forecast and investment recommendation: we expect GCA's Japanese models to remain strong
sales and expect GAC Motor and GAC FCA to achieve marginal improvement.
The company plans to realize a sales growth of 8% for 2019, which we estimate the incremental sales
shall be driven by GAC Motor and the joint ventures with Japan's auto manufacturers.
The company's Japanese models are expected to continue showing outstanding results, such as
brand-new HR-V and Odyssey Hybrid of GCA Honda, a new generation of GAC Toyota Levin and Levin
PHEV.
GAC Motor may embrace a marginal improvement through the launch of new model GM6, a new
generation of GA6, the brand-new GS8 and a new generation of GS4.
GAC FCA may rely on the brand-new Cherokee and Grand Commander launched in H118 to
contribute to the company's growth for 2019.
and expect the NPAS to be CNY 14.78 bn for 2021. We maintain "Buy" rating for the company.
Potential risks: a sharp decline in the industry's growth rate; a further decrease in GAC Motor; more
losses on GAC FCA
Introduction of Share Investment Rating
Industry Investment Rating
When measuring the difference between the markup of the industry index and that of the market's benchmarks (Shanghai Composite Index/Shenzhen Component Index)
within twelve months after the release of the report, we define the terms as follows:
Overweight: Industry performs better than that of the whole market;
Neutral: Industry performs about the same as that of the whole market;
Underweight: Industry performs worse than that of the whole market
Company Investment Rating
When measuring the difference between the markup of the company stock price and that of the market's benchmarks (Shanghai Composite Index/Shenzhen Component Index)
within twelve months after the release of this report, we define the terms as follows:
Buy: With a markup more than 15% better than that of the market;
Outperform: With a markup 5% to 15% better than that of the market;
Neutral: With a markup less than 5% better or worse than that of the market;
Underperform: With a markup more than 5% worse than that of the market.
Information Disclosure
The Industrial Securities Co., Ltd. fulfills its duty of disclosure within its sphere of knowledge. The clients may visit the column of Insider Trading Prevention and Control at
Important statement
The information contained in this report is derived from public information. We do not warrant the accuracy and completeness of such information, nor do we guarantee that
the information and recommendations contained will never change. We have tried our best to be objective and fair about the content of this report. The opinions,
conclusions and recommendations in the article do not constitute any bid or offer price for the target securities. Our company and the author are not responsible for any
investment decision made by the investor.
Analyst Certification
We are conferred the Professional Quality of Securities Investment Consultant Industry by the Securities Association of China and have registered as the Securities Analysts.
We hereby issue this report independently and objectively with due diligence, professional and prudent research methods and only legitimate information is used in this
report. We hereby certify that the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about any or all of the subject securities or issuers referred to herein.
We have never been, are not, and will not be compensated directly or indirectly in any form for the specific recommendations or opinions herein.
Disclaimer
Industrial Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the 'Company') is a qualified securities investment consulting institute approved by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission.
The report is to be used solely by the clients of the Company. The Company will not treat unauthorized receivers of this report as its clients. The clients understand that the
text message reminder and telephone recommendation are no more than a brief communication of research opinions, which are subject to the complete report released on
Based on different assumptions or standards and with different analytical approaches, the Company's salespersons, traders and other professionals may express views,
written or oral, towards market trend and securities trading which are inconsistent with opinions and recommendations contained herein. The views in this report are subject
to change, and the
Company has no obligation to update its information with all receivers of the report.
The Company's asset management department, proprietary business department and other investment-related departments may make independent investment decisions
based on investment that are inconsistent with opinions and recommendations contained herein.
The report is based on public information; however, the authenticity, accuracy or completeness of such information is not warranted by the Company. The materials contained
herein are for the clients' reference only, and are not to be regarded or deemed as an invitation for the sale or purchase of any securities. The clients should make investment
decisions independently and solely at their own risks.
Under the legal framework, the Company may take positions in and trade stocks of the companies referred to herein, which may receive investment banking services from the
Company. The clients shall consider the Company's possible conflict of interests which may affect the objectivity of this report, and shall not base their investment decisions
solely on the report.
Independent investment consultant should be consulted before any investment decision is rendered based on this report or at any request of explanation for this report
where the receiver of this report is not a client of the Company.
The Company possesses all copyrights of this report and reserves all rights related to this report. Unless otherwise indicated in writing, all the copyrights of all the materials
herein belong to the Company. In the absence of any prior authorization by the Company in writing, no part of this report shall be copied, photocopied, replicated or
redistributed to any other person in any form by any means, or be used in any other ways which will infringe upon the copyrights of the Company. No one shall have the right
to redistribute the report at any circumstances without the prior consent of the Company.