Trangleright
Reverse I: Tsaisan 1 was dragged down by 1h22 and re-listed in August. The Tsaisan 1 nuclear power unit has been out of stock since 30 July 2021. Given that Tsaisan 2 and 1h22 have completed their electricity on the Internet at about 654 million kWh, the first half of the year was affected by Tsaisan 1 at a cost of 0.435 kWh/kWh.
On August 15, Taiwan 1 completed its overhaul and grid power generation, and the power outage gradually dissipated. Inverted two: hydroelectric power jumped.
The demand for electricity dropped significantly from 3.0 per cent in the Eastern Province on a year-on-year basis, below the national average increase of 1.8 pct. The water supply from the South West improved on schedule, electricity and electricity boosted, and power generation space from generators in the Hull Province increased at a rate of 1.6 per cent, -0.7 per cent, -27.2 per cent, -2.4 per cent and negative for four months in a row, respectively, in Guangdong Province in March-June.
Long. The 1h22 company completed 55.820 billion kilowatt-hours in the Guangdong province, a 3.2 per cent decline in the same year, with 2q22 completing 28.315 billion kilowatt-hours, a 4.1 per cent decline in the same year.
1. China’s Hiroshima (003816.sz) incident assessment: low demand, water and electricity suppression, and the reboot of Taiwan 1 in 2022/07
2h22 Red6, Anti3 is expected to contribute more: 1h22 Red River nuclear power to complete power generation of 20.18 billion \triangleright aircraft, \triangleright to complete heat tests in June, Port 3 is expected to be operational during the year, and 2 new units are expected to be in the second half of the year
Assessment: double-factored profits, land abundance approved for release - 2022/0 - 4-generation pre-research for nuclear storage integration + future period: active company support to build pump capacity and electron drag performance, 2h21 overall bright performance - 2022/03/
By the end of June 2022, the company had acquired ownership of a pumping energy project in Guangdong Province and participated in the construction of a pumping energy project; at the same time, the company is working with other companies to develop a demonstration project in Guangdong on large-scale nuclear storage complementary electrochemical storage.
The power plant operates in a stable manner, reduces nuclear safety risks, and is able to hedge against spot price fluctuations in the electricity market, and stabilizes the price of the nuclear power trade. In new reactor-type research and development, the company is actively developing third-generation reactor technology, keeping track of the latest developments in reactor technology in the country and abroad, and actively participating in the development of relevant technologies.
Investment proposal: 2h22, with the decline in power and water in the south-west, the increased demand for aircraft in Guangdong Province, the production of the fleet and the completion of the overhaul of the Taiwan 1 machine are expected to boost the power and performance of the company.
The findings of the study are presented independently and objectively and are accountable for the content and views of the report. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, their recommendations or opinions in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.