We're losing demand, water and electricity, and Taiwan 1 is back on track. \triangleright \Trangleright \Standard \Standard \Standard \Standard \Standard \Turangleright \Standard \Standard1 \Standard \Standard \Turangleright
The total number of nuclear power units generating 99,195 million kWh was 1.9 per cent lower in the same year; the total number of Internet connections, 92,835 million kWh, was 2.5 per cent lower in the same year. 1h22 mountain nuclear power plants have been generating about 6,993 million kWh since 30 July of that year.
On 1 July, at the e-interactive platform, the company stated that the overhaul of Taiwan 1 had been largely completed and that preparations for rebooting and networking were proceeding in an orderly manner.
The demand for electricity is low, the demand for electricity is rising in the south-west is falling. The water coming from the south-west is improving, the power supply is rising, and the power supply is rising in the south-west is rising.
Generator cluster power space, which increased at a rate of -1.6 per cent, -0.7 per cent and -27.2 per cent in Guangdong Province in March-May, with negative growth for three consecutive months. 1h22 completed 55.820 million kilowatt hours in Guangdong Province, a decline of 3.2 per cent in the same period, with 2q22 completing 28.315 billion kilowatt hours in the same period.
\triangleright 1. Quarterly of 2022, Guangning, China (003816.sz)
2. China Guangning (003816.sz) reported an annual evaluation: Taiwan 1 was a drag, and 2h21 was an impressive performance.
Investment proposals: The epidemic has repeatedly caused power demand to be depressed, water to be pumped up, the nuclear power plant in Guangdong Province has been downsized, while the impact of the shutdown is still on, offsetting the increase in power generated by the new unit, and the company's power production has fallen in the first half of the year. The new RIV-6 and the completed overhaul of Taiwan 1 were launched in the second half of the year.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.