The country's market performance was impressive and new products were added to the list of events: the company issued its third quarterly report in 2023, which generated $8,641 million in revenue in the first three quarters, compared with the continued decline in the share of Guangdong Province, and the country's market performance. 2023q3, the company's main business.
The ratio of revenues to revenues is between -10.3 pct and 33.3%; outside the province, between +67.9 and 448 million dollars for the Guangxi region, between +72.4 and +293 million for the Southwest region, and between +72.4 and +293 million for the “water-up” growth period, with new items on the market continuously building the “energy+” matrix.
\triangleright's main product, East Ponto, has continued to increase, with 2023q3 other beverages receiving between +325.3 per cent and 320 million yuan, compared to q2 ring + 49 per cent, mainly from the new electricity market in February of this year.
In addition, 2023q3 introduced new products such as "breathing coconut lattes" and "sale lemons" and sugar-free teas such as "Olong tea" in East Poon. By the first half of 2023, the company had 2,796 distributors.
100% of the local city coverage, 3.3 million sales terminal sites, same year + 32%, we believe that the new product is expected to grow better through the established channels, and continue to build the company's “energy +” \triangleright
Cost pressures continue to subside, and the Māori rate improves by 1.5 pct. The white sugar and pet are the main components of the company’s costs, and the 23q3 cost trend continues to divide, with the white sugar price rising by 20-30% to the left on the same year. Right, the spot price drops by 15-20% on the same date.
Relieving the pressure of rising white sugar prices, 23q3 operating costs +32%, Māori ratio 2023q3 net profit returns +33.25% to 547 million yuan, net profit return returns + investment proposal: companies continue to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system is constantly being optimized and improved out of the country
Business team, we believe that corporate energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. And the new product, the East Poon, is expected to continue to pay off with its own price advantage and the company's established channels. Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The coupons form food and beverages teams, whose members are trained by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun, Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry, 13 years in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shende wine industry.
At the lower and lower end of the scale, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-higher alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
It has a unique insight into high-end white wine. It's good at shaping the future market policy of the liquor industry based on available data and market moves.
Mother, familiar with the seafood industry, the millet industry, the mackerel cuisine industry, the seafood industry, the seafood industry, the oceanic world. Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then 2 years left for U.S.A. for research and development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, one year for food and beverage research. Covering dairy products (in-depth research of the Ili Unit).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, has two years of experience in food and drink research.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Wang Qing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (deeply studying Chongqing beer, Huayun beer, Qingdao beer), low-drinking wine (deeply studying Peon shares), beverages (deep depth)
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.