Growth of income accelerated, and expected new stockings in the coming year -- performance rating for the third quarter of 2023
+30%, the same) net return to the mother is 1.66 billion yuan (+42.1%) and the non-mother ' s net profit is 1.50 billion yuan. The collapse of the bulk of the monolith line plus the new stocking boosts the acceleration of income growth in the third quarter of the single quarter. The closing of the 2303 battalion was close to the forecast ceiling, with the acceleration of the growth loop over 23h1, mainly as a result of: 1) the macroeconomic margin of August-September
Improved international consumption capacity for groups such as blue collars, drivers, etc.; 2) recovery of outdoor consumption scenes, such as sports; 3) continuation of downside power and continuous penetration of web sites; 4) fast-laying and single shops for new products “water-up” and high sales for high-end growth; 5) corporate sponsorship of sports events, such as the Hangzhou Asian Games, for end-of-end movements
The expansion of the product category, with an income of 2.86 billion yuan (+25.7 per cent) from the 23q3 East Bot, and $320 million (+325.3 per cent) from the rest of the drinking product, with the high growth of the new “rehydration” products, mainly thanks to the increased costs of renovating the stadium and increasing the cost of the site, prompting rapid penetration of the previous network. The channel sunk, with the end-of-23q3 distributors.
2780, 0.6% less than 23q2, achieving 100% coverage of the local city. Regional expansion, 23q3, Guangdong/Guangxi, respectively, increased by 3.5%/16.3%, and the core market acceleration was slower, but more importantly, the nationalization logic of expansion remained unchanged, with East and Central China equals 67.9%/58.1%, and South-West/North China equals the same ratio.
Higher spending on sales and higher structural improvements in costs contribute to higher profits. The net interest rate of 23 q3 is 17.2%, and the net interest rate of 0.2 pcts, excluding factors such as fair value changes, is not attributable to the net interest rate of the mother.
Rates of interest increased slightly. Sales cost: 23q3 was 17.5%, corresponding to +1.3pcts, mainly as a result of the increased marketing of the rehydrated new products and the increased inputs of the Hangzhou Asian Games. Management cost: 23q3 was 3%, corresponding to +0.1 pcts, which remained relatively stable overall.
In the short term, the income end, as the industry progresses to a low season, and given the better completion of previous tasks, the core work of 23q4 will shift to the control of goods in order to maintain good pipeline stock for the coming year, but the Asian Games will be catalytic and post-school campus, among other things.
High-energy grids will drive natural marketing to continue to grow faster; at the cost end, while white sugar prices remain high, the price of the pet cans falls more than ever, adding scale effects, corporate cost pressures, overall controllable. In the long run, “big gold bottles”: Southwest, North North market product demand certification has been successful, front channels have been successful.
(b) Three quarters of 2023 Quarter of Galactic Beverage: New products: electrolysis water, sugar-free tea are all expected to build a second growth curve that will meet the consumer class in the age of graded consumption.
Unlike the market’s concern about corporate product power, we believe that as long as the demand for goods is validated, the canal will lead to the ultimate success of the beverage industry. Short, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Table 1: Main financial indicators predict that I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, People ' s Institute of Securities, 2020, Galaxy Securities Institute, 2022, with a focus on non-alcoholic plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft beverages, dairy products, etc.), is good at deepening the value of industry investments through historical retreading and comparison with overseas perspectives.