The performance met expectations and the new product grew brightly. On October 27, 2023, a tri-quarter report was issued on the beverages of East Peng.
▪ Performance is in line with expectations, with sufficient growth dynamics – 8,641 million yuan (30 per cent increase) in total 2023q1-q3 and 46 per cent net return to the mother – and performance is in line with expectations, with income profits growing both ways.
Increases in the cost of sales/administrate rate/business tax and surcharges, respectively, of $715 million in net cash flow from 2023q3 operating activities (1 per cent increase) and $3.711 billion in sales return (36 per cent increase) as at the end of 2023q3.
1.16 billion yuan (ring + 4 per cent) and the momentum for performance growth has continued to grow.
The "get-up" is a bright addition to the new item, and looks forward to the end of the shop from 2, East Peng Beverage (605499): the profit scale.
The expansion slowed naturally, while the north, south-west and east of China all registered high growth rates, leaving room for national blank points. By the end of 2023q3, there were 2,780 distributors, an increase of one from the beginning of the year.
We watch the company continue to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while the distribution of electrolytic water and coffee is growing faster. According to the company's three-quarter report, downside risks, under-sales in East Pine, under-supplies, under-supplies in the season.
▪ The Food and Beverage Group presents Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.