Quarterly report performance exceeded expectations and q2 continued high growth time horizons Events: company quarterly report issued on 25 April, with 2018q1 revenue of 970 million, compared with 74 per cent, ring + 26.3 per cent;
Net profit from maternity is 160 million, year + 164 per cent, ring + 48.4 per cent; net profit from non-mortality is 180 million, and continued high performance in the downstream engineering and mechanical industry is benefiting significantly from hydraulic taps.
According to the sub-operation, the company ' s revenue from the excavator ' s tank product was +74.12% and the non-scaling tank product was +36% respectively. Among these, the revenue from the excavator ' s tank significantly outpaced the sales of the downstream excavator o1 (48%), for two reasons we believe: 1. The company ' s full capacity and market share increased further;
In addition, the pump valve (below 15t) has been produced and the sales of hydraulic systems have increased significantly.
We expect that the company’s q2 performance will continue to grow at a high rate as new products, such as digger tanks, start to be released.  net interest rates continue to rise, benefiting from economies of scale and product restructuring.
q1 Māori aggregates 34%, same year +5.5pt, ring ratio -2.6pt. We believe that the company ' s overall Māori ratio will continue to rise as the price of the excavator tank rises, the scale effect of pump valve production and the ratio of the high Māori crane tank in the non-flagged tank rises.
(Total: 4.54 pct, Ring: 6.32 pct) q1 financial costs increased by $4.01 million, or 2.34 million more than in the previous quarter, mainly from net benefits from the company's control and size of costs and the impact of non-operational factors, resulting in higher than expected recurrent business performance.
The quarterly report shows that foreign currency managed gains and losses of $37.72 million in financial costs (losses and losses on exchange) can be considered to be 3) q1 accounts receivable ring increases of $182 million over the previous quarter, with an estimated new increase of about $9 million based on a 5 per cent withdrawal rate.
Since foreign currency-based gains and losses have been eliminated from the non-mortality net profit, we are deducting net depreciation and bad debts on the basis of net non-mortality ($180 million), which corresponds to a recurrent business performance of approximately 2 , taking advantage of the eastwards of the engineering and machinery industry, and the pump valves are expected to be fully imported. ]
Benefiting from the high profile of the excavator industry, downstream mainframe plants are generally faced with spare parts shortages, which provide opportunities for domestic pump valves to be nationalized by domestic hydraulic companies like Helium.
The lower excavator's master pump valve has been supplied in bulk to large domestic items such as Trinity, Willow, Xu, and RSP.
In 2018, the company stated in its annual report that the major capital expenditure in 2018 was set at $500 million, with a 2.RH: performance forecast exceeding expectations, building production lines such as hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic systems, etc. We believe that the volume of downstream sales remains high and tight.
In view of the future profitability elasticity, the company's pump valve products are expected to yield significant returns and successfully achieve import substitution.
4. Stereotyphic hydraulic pressure: The reported performance is above expectations, and we expect a steady rise in downstream engineering and machinery industry in 2018, where companies, as major spare parts suppliers, are in short supply and demand, and where there is much room to look at hydraulic pump valves in the medium to long term as a substitute for imports.
6. Sustained hydraulic pressure: the downstream engineering and machinery industry is recovering and performance is gaining ground.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board