The pump valves are about to be released.
▪ Super-expected performance, benefiting from a significant increase in downstream demand + an increase in the penetration of new products Sub-operations, with 1.154 billion, or 41 per cent, of the Digger Tank, compared to 118 per cent, largely benefiting from strong growth in the downstream excavator industry. In 2017, the number of excavators sold was 140,000.
This represents an increase of 99.5 per cent, while the company sold a total of 274,000 excavators during the reporting period, representing an increase of 99.24 per cent, the speed of which is largely consistent with the volume of excavator sales. According to one excavator, the market share of the excavator tanks remained at around 49 per cent.
Tens of thousands, an increase of 89% in the same year. Among them, the hydraulic tank product of the shield machine grew rapidly, with an increase of 102% in revenue from the same year, reaching 477 million. The hydraulic pump valve generated $249 million, or +199% from the same year, benefiting from small excavators under 15t.
Pump valve bulk supply, increasing share of the mainframe plant, and the development and acceleration of medium- and large-scale pump valve products, and small-volume package mainframes. 171 million, corresponding to +90 per cent, revenues from component and hydraulic set-up, full market opening of hydraulic system sales, branding effect, delivery of 22 hydraulic cooling stations in the area of shielding units and railing throughout the year, and successful completion of 20t-40t multi-road valve test stations, 130 motor tests
The company ' s technical skills in the field of hydraulic integration are well represented. In 2017, it also achieved $165 million, +74 per cent, compared with 104 per cent. The performance target for 2018 is more than 20 per cent higher than the yield for the same year.
Performance targets are both conservative, with company performance expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2018 in the face of persistently high downstream performance and the continued import of new products. Cost rates have declined significantly during the puerperium period and profitability has increased significantly under the scale effect
The Māori ratio of the main business in 2017 was 32.79 per cent, compared to +11.07pt; net interest rate was 13.63 per cent, a significant increase, mainly due to the following two factors: 1) scale effects and product structure optimization have contributed to a cost increase less than income growth. 2) The company strengthened its internal management by reducing the cost rate for the period to 16.75 per cent, corresponding to -0.72pt (3.45 per cent for sales, 10.27 per cent for management and 3.03 per cent for finance.
The Māori ratio of the non-standard tank was 31.73 per cent compared to +12.49pt; the Māori rate of the hydraulic pump valve was 18.57 per cent, with a significant increase in demand and a significant scale effect in the event of overcapacity. The ratio of overseas revenue was slightly reduced, and the growth of overseas customers was seen as a result of the company’s performance elasticity of $641 million in 2017, compared to +60.44 per cent in the year, representing a share of income.
Twenty-three per cent, same-six ptt, are mainly products such as excavator tanks, shield tanks, hydraulic pump valves, which have increased their sales in the country, causing overseas revenues to increase at a slower rate than domestic revenues. Companies have expanded and laid overseas markets through mergers and acquisitions of German companies like Haweinley, and new companies in Chicago, Japan, and Tokyo, and have accumulated a group of high-end customers from Europe and the United States, such as Caterpillar, Shinzil, Manitovak, Trex, to accelerate their march towards global leading hydraulic systems.
1. Stereo hydraulic pressure: Performance forecast is over-expected, elasticity of performance from the outreach of good firms abroad is expected to rise in the future as a share of overseas income.
• Taking advantage of the eastward winds of the engineering and machinery industry, pump valves are expected to import full replacements. 2. Stereo hydraulic pressure: three seasons are over-expected, it is planned to benefit from the high profile of the excavator industry, and downstream mainframe plants are generally facing spare parts shortages.
There is an opportunity for domestic pump valves to be produced by domestic hydraulic companies like Helium. 15 tons of tile hydraulics are now available in bulk to large domestic products such as Trinity, Willows, Xu, and Ritter.
3. Stereo hydraulic pressure: Reported overperformance, cardboard, officially released in 2017; pump valves from new products and lower-cost second-generation digs will also be marketed in 2018. In its annual report, the company stated that the major capital expenditure in 2018 was set at $500 million for the construction of production lines such as hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic systems, etc. We believe that high levels of downstream sales will be kept tight.
In a fancy situation, the company’s pump valve product is expected to yield significant returns and successfully achieve import substitution. 4. Stereo hydraulic pressure: the reported performance is in line with the forecast of profits and investment proposals.
We expect a steady rise in the downstream engineering and machinery industry in 2018, where companies, as major spare parts suppliers, are in short supply and demand, and where there is much room in the medium to long term to look at the domestic production of hydraulic pump valves as an alternative to imports.
6. Stereo hydraulic pressure: holding hands in Harvey, Germany, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, has a portfolio investment advisory committee