With the wind of a recovery in engineering machinery, the price of the product has risen, the power of machinery has recovered, the company ' s traditional tank products have nearly doubled, and the new product 's hydraulic pump valves have been launched.
By opening up the path of import substitution, the city’s share is expected to continue to rise in the future, repeating the successful path of tank products, which in 2017 saw a rapid increase in performance, benefiting from a doubling of sales of downstream excavators. The company returned to its mother’s number of excavators, resulting in 48.9 per cent of the city’s share of the excavator oil tank, which is a typical product of import substitution.
Pump valve products are expected to grow more than doubled in the future. Pump valve products are still being released in the course of their lifetime, and pump valve production is expected to double in 2018; while midpump valves are being produced in advance, mass supply is being achieved, contributing to a new momentum for performance growth in 2018.
The main reasons for the increase are three: 1) product price increases; 2) non-polluting tank product restructurings are being adjusted; 3) pump valves are rapidly released and scale effects are gradually released.
The four-quarter net profit fell slightly as a result of currency exchange and inventory impairments. The four-quarter net profit fell. The main reason for the four-quarter end-of-year awards and stock impairments was that the firm ' s four-quarter net interest rate did not reverse the four-quarter interest rate if the charges were to be traced back.
The engineering and machinery industry is falling off a cliff, using the market price of April 19, 2018 as the standard.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shaohui* shaohui.yang@bocicchina.com
In 2017, the performance grew at a high rate, benefiting from a doubling of the sales of downstream excavators. Corporate business income of $2.79 billion, a year-on-year increase, benefited from a strong recovery in the engineering and machinery industry, and the company ' s performance doubled. Specifically, the Digger tank fully benefited the downstream excavator, which sold 140,300 units annually, an increase of 99.5 per cent.
The city of the excavator tank accounts for 48.9 per cent of the total, and is in the typical product of import substitution. The non-polling tank sells 127,475, an increase of 89.02 per cent over the year, achieves a sales income of $1,042 million, an increase of 86.09 per cent over the year. The revenue increase is slightly less than that of the excavator tank owing to factors of distribution of capacity.
The core competitiveness of the product lies in the material, process, and process control of the foundling. The company currently has the casting capacity of 250 million tons, corresponding to 400 million yuan in inputs. It plans to invest 30,000 tons in two phases, doubling production (comparable investment of 300-500 million dollars) and responding to the future.
In our view, the build-up of the casting pieces reflects the firm’s strong confidence in the future, its ability to forge and determine its future growth. The prices offered are all mentioned; 2) the product structure in the non-polling tanks is being adjusted, and the large ton of tanks for which the maori-high shield is used is increasing.
The net interest rate of the company did not rise in the fourth quarter if it went back to the above-mentioned charges. Cash flows increased considerably, three charges were reasonably controlled, and a small dollar exchange loss was incurred.
Sales costs, administrative costs increased by 39.92 per cent and 43.30 per cent, respectively, mainly due to increases in other costs, such as import and export costs for loading and unloading transport costs, as well as a significant increase in research and development inputs. Financial costs increased by 383 per cent over the year, mainly due to losses on exchange due to a fall in the United States dollar exchange rate. Engineering machinery was still on the rise in 2018, the company ' s fuel tanks and pump valves were in short supply and guaranteed a sustained increase in 18 years ' performance.