The performance of the Excavator Industry continues to be high with the performance of the Quarterly Report: the company published the Quarterly Report 2018, the company 2018q1 achieved revenue of $970 million, the Quarterly Report was high and the performance of the Quarterly Report exceeded expectations: the company achieved revenue in the first quarter of the year
After 970 million yuan, an increase of 74.38 per cent over the same period, the net return to the mother is 157 million yuan, and the main reason for the increase is the appreciation of the renminbi, the loss of foreign currency-controlled exchange of $37.72 million, and the overall excess of performance expected.
The combined Māori rate has risen significantly and the overall cost controls have been good: the combined Māori rate and net interest rates of 2018q1 have been 33.98 per cent and 16.16 per cent, respectively, up from the previous quarter. The significant increase in the financial cost rates has been mainly due to significant increases in exchange losses and good overall cost controls.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) High growth in the excavator industry, with pump valves expected to accelerate: 2018q1 excavator industry, with sales of 60061 units, 48.42 per cent more than the previous year, with continued high growth, company excavator oils
At the same time, during the active season of the excavator's sales, the core spare parts hydraulic pump valves show elastic performance, and the pump valve operations are growing.
In the case of the company ' s pump valve operations, there is a large shortage of goods, which is an opportunity for the national producer to quickly cut into the mainframe plant - 2018/04/17.
"A high-performance growthr, the valves have been massed with domestic front-runners such as Xu, ISP, Willow, 20t pump valves, in line with expectations, the engineering and machinery industry maintain a high profile."
Small quantities have also been delivered. We're looking forward to the rapid cut-off of the big pump valves in the company during this opportunity period into the main plant supply system, and the city’s share is expected to rise rapidly.
Industry studies in the field of pump valves are good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related sectors.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.