The oil tank demand continues to flourish, pump valves open up the space for growth Recently, the constant hydraulic pressure released its 2017 annual report: the company achieved operating income of 2,795 million yuan, an increase of 104.02 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies of 382 million yuan, an increase of 442.90 per cent over the same period; and the share of listed companies.
East's net profit of $363 million, an increase of 1238.55 per cent. The company's net profit is slightly higher than our previous ones.
The company’s non-bidding tanks consist mainly of the shield tank, the high-end marine tank and the lift tank series, as well as applications in areas such as wind and wind at sea. In 2017, the company sold 12.75 million non-bidding tanks, an increase of 89.02 per cent.
The sales revenue was 1,042 million yuan, an increase of 86.09 per cent. Of this amount, the shield tank was growing rapidly, with sales reaching the peak of the excavator valve product, the hydraulic plate opened up the growth space. The mini-digger below 15t, developed by the company in 2017, was produced with pump valves and updated to the second generation, the medium and large.
In addition, corporate hydraulic system operations continued to expand, with a total of 22 hydraulic systems delivered in 2017.
The company’s two main subsidiaries, the company’s business, have incurred losses of $6.7 million and $5.47 million, respectively, close to achieving a balance of gains and losses, a significant improvement over previous years. With the continued boom in downstream dredgers in 2018, there has been a shortage of large-scale pump valve products.
We believe that there will be a major breakthrough in sales of the company’s excavator valve product, and that the hydraulic pump valve plate will be able to achieve faster growth in revenue and make a positive contribution to profits.
We look forward to the sustainability of the company's tank operations, the growth of pump valve products and the expansion of overseas markets.
2. Mechanical industry rating: the rate of growth in the industry is strong during the quarter.
The volume of mechanical sales is lower than expected, and the production of hydraulic pump valves is less widespread than expected.
Liu Zhenyu, head of the large mechanical team, undergraduate and master's degree in materials at Beijing University of Technology. former manager of Chinese metallurgical control, planning and inspection of the Beijing City Planning Committee, and joining the civil securities in 2015. A solid theoretical base and research experience in areas such as automation, 3d printing, engineering machinery, basic materials.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and that the conclusions were not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.