The tank switch speeds, the pump valves continue to be released and the hydraulic taps move at full speed -- the constant-tube pressure was reported in 2017 to evaluate the tank switch speeds and the pump valves continued to be released, maintaining a “recommended” rating:
The company, as the lead company for domestic hydraulics, will benefit from future hydraulic tank operations in the field of excavators, where steady growth and the expansion of non-target areas maintain a high rate of growth, while hydraulic pump valves are expected to enter the accelerated import replacement phase and continue to be released, further enhancing the company’s core competitiveness.
• The surge in performance in 2017, with a significant improvement in the quality of operations, is now well under hand orders: due to the breakthrough in the engineering and machinery industry and in the company's new hydraulics product, the company achieved a business income of $2.795 billion in 2017, net profits of $382 million, an increase of 104 per cent, 443 per cent, profit levels and profit levels.
There has been a significant improvement in the quality of business, with combined Māori rates and net interest rates of 32.8 per cent and 13.6 per cent, with increases of 10.8 and 8.7 percentage points, respectively, and in net operating cash flows from $7 million to $154 million and roe from 2.01 per cent to 9.93 per cent. In addition, company inventories and advance payments have increased by 41.6 per cent and 45.0 per cent from the beginning of the period.
Reflecting the abundance of hand orders, this is a strong guarantee of continued high growth in future performance. Quicker fuel tank operations, smooth growth of excavator tanks, and more than that: the company, as the pole of the excavator tank, collected $1.15 billion in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
The same-year growth of 48.4% is expected to remain high throughout the year. In addition, the company ' s non-flagged tanks have continued to expand in the areas of shielding, marine and lift-up series, making a significant breakthrough, with revenues of $1.04 billion in 2017, an increase of 86% in the same year, and an increase of 12.5 percentage points to 31.7% in the future.
The expansion of the field and the gradual warming downstream of ships, among others, are expected to maintain a high rate of growth in the non-scaling tanks. " Oil tank lifts, pump valves, domestic hydraulic component pump valve operations are in the harvest period, and new products are expected to be released on a continuous basis:
Dragonhead Rises: R & D by the company R & D of R & D. Capital pump valves below 15 t have been massed to support the main domestic bone-head factory of Xu, RSP, Willow, etc., with $249 million of pump valve revenue in 2017, which is an increase in the same amount.
With an increase of 188% in the Māori rate, the Māori rate rose to 186%, while the development of medium- and large-scale pump valve products accelerated, with small batch-backed mainframe plants. As the company’s small-divide pump valve capacity is released, and imports from medium- and large-scale digs accelerated, future pump valve operations will continue to grow at a high rate, with a further increase in profitability.