Investing in high performance driven by two-pronged public fund-raising events: the release of the 2021 quarterly report by Taijun, which generated business income of $10.043 billion, compared with Taijun's 601211.
The advantages of a non-directional investment strategy are highlighted, and the return on investment is bright. Because of low risk, non-directional investment strategies, the impact of market volatility on investment returns is effectively smoothed and the market is highly volatile during the quarter.
The product structure, increased outreach within the country, and the level of profitability are expected to increase further: the wandfangzhac co-ordinated mechanism helped to launch a robust growth in operations and increased refinancing and bond underwriting.
\triangleright The advantages of the reform and synergy mechanism of the Department of Investment and Industry show that 1q21 realized an investment income of $679 million, an increase of 27.39% over the same period.
A two-pronged public fund-raising effort is expected to bring wealth management to a higher level. Company 1q21 achieves \triangleright and combines strength to step 2021.
With the new regulations, the company continues to be proactive and expects that the reforms will bring about an increase in efficiency.
At the same time, the public fund-raising business is managed by the State.
The company’s wealth management makes it possible to compete with different products, to acquire and retain the assets of its clients. The company’s wealth management business is based on a better base, with better-quality customer reserves than its peers, and the tunnels are concentrated in economically developed Jiang and Guangdong, and the business department is the foundation for serving high net customers.
Underline advantage provides a good basis for raising the average asset size of the company's future customers; the company values financial and technological inputs; the average number of monthly users of Moxun Hoop's mobile phone remains in the industry.
Second, the company's active public fund-raising will bring the wealth management business to a higher level.
Investment proposals: a non-directional investment strategy for corporate investment operations against market fluctuations; as a strong and combined front-runner, it will be a full beneficiary of capital market deepening reforms; public fund managers will be formally licensed to operate while corporate brokerage and wealth managers
With a large household base, better access on the line than on the side of the industry, and a high-speed segmenting of capital and wealth management operations, it is recommended that attention be paid. The tightening of monetary policy has led to a sharp decline in stock market transactions; and no reform of capital markets.
Figure 8: 1q21 corporate management revenue increased by 21.88 per cent over the same period, with a master ' s degree in international finance, Graduated from the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, Yonghai Lian
The Ministry ' s General Manager, who was employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Changan Portfolio, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with a Master ' s degree in non-banking finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan ' s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, and has not been, or will not be, involved in the non-banking financial sector, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.