During the reporting period, the core subsidiary Kim-sai pharmaceutical industry continued to grow with high growth in growth hormones and short-term decline in vaccine operations recommended (maintenance).
With a current revenue of 2,140 million yuan, an increase of 41.7 per cent over the same period; net profits of 823 million yuan, and the expansion of the team, corporate growth hormones are expected to remain high.
The 100-gram vaccine industry's subsidiaries realized 407 million yuan, a decline of 29.1 per cent in the same year; net profit was $96 million, a decline of 30.8 per cent in the same year; mainly due to rabies, vaccine shutdowns, limited capacity for chickenpox vaccine, with new capacity being created in the second half of the year.
The company’s vaccine business is expected to return to normal gradually with the official roll-out of production and the freezing of dry nose inflammation vaccines. During the reporting period, the company’s real estate business performed well, with a high of billions of dollars, an increase of 88.9 per cent.
• Good cost control and significant improvement in cash flows during the reporting period. Corporate sales cost was 34.62 per cent, a decrease of 1.22 per cent, compared with the corresponding period; management costs + R & D costs were 0.33 per cent, with good cost control during the reporting period.
849 million yuan, a significant increase of 355.7 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in cash received by the pharmaceutical companies affiliated with them during the reporting period for the sale of goods.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.