The pharmaceutical industry is still growing faster than expected, and research assistant Lee Young-wook is still growing faster than expected.
The net profit of the division's shareholders was $727 million, an increase of 32.60 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the non-net profit achieved by the company was 2.35 million doses of pox vaccine, a decrease of 36.12 per cent compared to the previous year; the rabies vaccine, a decrease of 1.74 million, a decrease of 86.08 per cent compared to the previous year.
Biologicals, i.e. subsidiaries of the vaccine plate, achieved income of $407 million in the first half of the year, a decline of 29.17 per cent over the same period. The decline in issuance was mainly due to two factors: 1) exposure to the adverse effects of vaccine events, more stringent clearance checks by the Central Inspection Agency, resulting in slower approvals; 2) improvement in the 2018 process, etc.
According to our grass-roots research, many vaccine products in the current end market are in short supply and demand. The construction of the new plant area of the company has been completed. The pre-packaged packaging line for the vaccine is now in production.
The company’s vaccine plate will pick up fast growth in the second half of the year. As a new core asset, the Golden Race Medicines industry maintained high growth: in the first half of 2019, the subsidiary Golden Race Medicines continued to grow fast: $2.14 billion in revenue.
This represents an increase of 41.67 per cent; net profits of $823 million, or 47.70 per cent. We believe that the rapid growth of the pharmaceutical industry in gold is largely due to the rapid release of growth hormones: 1) demand side - rising costs lead to growth hormones and a significant increase in the number of new cases of paediatrics, contributing to the company’s performance.
Long. As growth hormones sink into the market at the grass-roots level as a result of the policy of stratification, the outflow of prescriptions leads to an increase in the sales of pharmacies. 2) At the end of supply - companies increase their academic outreach, market marketing expands multiple channels, raising their market share, and the national market share increases by 3%.
In the future, as the company sinkes further and the sales team expands, its performance will continue to grow rapidly. We estimate that the Golden Race drug industry’s growth rate of o2 has slowed slightly, owing to a higher base of 2018 q2, considering that the Golden Race drug industry is growing in the second half of the year.
Acquisition of minority equity interests in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, profit forecasting and investment rating: without taking into account the gold race drug industry ' s shareholdings and schedules, we expect 2nd, Long Spring High and New (000661: Growth)
The hormonal fast-exploitation plus real estate plates, won, $11.46 and $15.18, and we're judging that the gold race is going to sink in the channel and rise in the share of new items, settles and drives the company's performance up to speed.
Driven by factors such as the ability to maintain high growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits, 100 grams of organisms have gradually returned to sales after the “vaccine incident”, so we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Growth hormones. H1 achieved business income of 3,392 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 23.36 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to public sector shareholders in the public sector increased by 727 million yuan, an increase of 32.60 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and net non-confiscation profits of $718 million were realized in the same period in the same year.
According to our view, the Kinsey Pharmaceuticals industry continues to grow at a high rate, and vaccine events affect the company's performance, which drags down the company's overall performance rate by 2.1. The negative impact of vaccine events has led to a significant decline in the company's vaccine portfolio performance.
In the first half of 2019, the company was able to issue 2.35 million doses of pox vaccine, a 36.12 per cent decline in the same year; and rabies vaccine, 1.74 million, a 86.08 per cent decline in the same year. Depending on the decline in the number of batches, 100 grams of organisms, i.e., silviculture, achieved 407 million yuan in the first half of the year, a 29.17 per cent decline in the same year and a net profit of 96 million yuan.
We believe that the decline in the issuance of corporate rabies and rabies is mainly due to two factors: 1) exposure to the adverse effects of vaccine events and more stringent licensing by the Central Inspection Agency, which slowed down the issuance of batches. In the first half of the year 2019, the total number of all-practice phoons and rabies was 7.86 million, or 35.40 per cent and 28.91 million, respectively, respectively.
16.01%; 2) due to factors such as process upgrades in 2018, the insufficient availability of products for sale in the first half of 2019 led to the finding, based on our grass-roots research, that many of the vaccine products in the end market were in short supply. The future introduction of the Vaccine Act will make the issuance more legal, and the pace of progress is expected to accelerate.
The certification and field filing of the pre-packaged line equipment for live vaccines is now in production. In combination, we believe that the company's vaccine plate will pick up fast growth in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2019, the subsidiary Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry continued to grow at a rapid rate: 2,140 million yuan, or 41.67 per cent more than the previous year; net profit, 823 million yuan, or 47.70 per cent more than the previous year. We believe that the fast growth of the Golden Race Medicines industry is largely due to the rapid release of growth hormones. The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly the demand side: 1)
Face-to-consumption increases the growth of the company’s performance as growth hormones are released and the number of new cases of paediatrics increases significantly. As the policy of stratification has pushed growth hormones down to the grass-roots market, the outflow of prescriptions has led to an increase in the sales of pharmacies. 2) At the supply end – companies increase their academic outreach, expand their marketing channels, increase their share of the market, and the country as a whole.
The downturn and the expansion of the sales force will sustain a rapid growth in corporate performance. We estimate that the growth rate of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry is slightly slower, owing to a higher benchmark of 2018 q2, and given that the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry is growing in the second half of the year, we maintain a performance growth target of 55 per cent over the year.
The Māori rate of 2019h1 has declined slightly, but the net interest rate of the company has risen as a result of a small decline in both the administrative and sales rates. We believe that the company is stable, managed efficiently, Māori, net interest rates, and cost rates, without taking into account the gold-challenged pharmaceutical stock balance, we expect the company to become a parent in 2019-2021.
And so, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Industry changes risk, product sales are not as high as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board