Long-term high-growth, south-west securities research and development centre.
• Incidents: the company issued an announcement to establish a joint venture with the United States company amesino for the distribution of dual anti-drugs; the company, in cooperation with Anjintai Pharmaceuticals, is proposed to fund up to $62 million to obtain 5 per cent of the Lido Cain plicing rights to sell in mainland China and to produce in the global region.
Active deployment of emerging areas and enrichment of product pipelines, long-term stabilization of high growth prospects. 1) Joint ventures: investment is completed with the availability of a dual platform with global intellectual property rights for amesino, and joint ventures will give priority to secondary development of known target sites to reduce R & D risks and costs and to speed up product development;
At this stage, the joint venture offers 150 million shares, and the samesino subscribes to 120 million shares, or 80%; the company subscribes to 30 million shares, or 20% of the shares, and invests mainly in animal experiments in dual-resistant research and development. We believe that the dual-resistant drug market has great potential.
A number of former multinational pharmaceutical giants and bio companies are actively developing the product, and the joint venture is expected to become the company's heavy-pound technology platform and can collaborate with Iceland's Andotek bio-like drug research and development platform; (2) Lidoca Into: a company's plan to build a strategic cooperative production base for water gel stickers and water development in Changchun, China
On the domestic market, Lidocain gel paste is currently marketed in June 2018 only in Chinese biopharmaceuticals, to mitigate neurological pains following herpes. The incidence of herpes increases dramatically with age, for children or others.
Young people have 0.1% prevalence, people over the age of 50 can reach 0.5%, and people over the age of 65 are about 0.4-1.2%, and we expect more than $2 billion in the domestic market space. In addition, companies will be able to introduce more permeable tips from their partners in the future, a platform that will be another important growth point for the company.
• Growth hormone performance is high and other heavy-pound species are emerging. 1) Growth hormones: 18 years of domestic life, long hormone markets of over $4 billion, given the size of the country's large population and current low penetration rates, we expect a domestic growth hormone market of over $14 billion, which is still in a state of eruption,
For the country ' s leading growth hormone industry, priority will be given to the industrial growth dividend. 2) Follow-up reserve heavy-pound varieties: Company has a larger product ladder in the industry: (a) ovarian bulimia: once new adaptive disorders have been approved, it is expected to become a 1 billion grade heavy-pound product; (b) flu vaccine exclusive nose spray production, which is expected to be approved in 19 years; (c)
Other products under study: Kim Doesha single anti-septic fluid: one phase of continuous clinical progress; one phase of continuous progress of long-acting microballs: Quprilyn + Oquito clinical progress; one phase of continuous progress of herpes with herpes: two phases of continuous clinical progress; 13 and 20 prices of joint pneumonia vaccine: in the pre-clinical research phase.
Profit predictions and ratings. Under the new board, the company is actively expanding its treatments in a number of fields, following new technologies such as the Avotek bio-like drug development platform in Iceland, the Shanghai-Shanghai new vaccine development platform, and the mutual licensing with Russianfort of the jaundice and pheasant vaccine.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry continues to grow 32-fold and 24-fold. Given the high growth in corporate performance, valuations are relatively cheap, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
And the risk of inadequate performance compensation: the risk of a failure of R & D. During this period, stock prices are expected to hit Davis without receiving any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.