The company revealed that it had collected $3.39 billion over the period, an increase of 23.4 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
730 million yuan, an increase of 32.6 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of 720 million yuan, a rise of 39.5 per cent over the same year, with medium-term performance meeting expectations and continued rapid growth of growth hormone operations and 19q1 return net profits largely at the same rate: 19q1 over the previous half year, mainly higher than last year ' s q2 performance.
The base figure and the negative growth impact of vaccine operations in the first half of the year (approx. - 30%). Sub-operation 1: 1) The pharmaceutical industry continued to grow faster by $2.14 billion and $820 million, respectively, by 41.7 per cent and 47.8 per cent, with new patients pushing growth.
High growth in operations; 2) 100-gram biovaccine operation with revenues of $410 million (29.1 per cent), profit of $9.568 million (30.7 per cent), Changchun High, the annual report of SMS. The fall in performance is clearly due mainly to the suspension of seedlings and the upgrading of the pox vaccine process, and insufficient production and issuance in the first half of this year.
New: high performance rate, gold acquisition, 19-h1 doses of vaccine for chicken pox, only about 2.1 million, a decline of about 43 per cent (18h1, or 3.68 million), new plant water, surplus share in the competition to remove development risks.
The pox vaccine prepackaging line is in production, and we expect a gradual return to normal in the second half of the year, and the nasal flu vaccine is active.
The generic drug business, with $291 million, increased by 13.7 per cent and increased steadily; (4) $539 million in high new real estate, and the stock company's quarterly report.
The carry-over was concentrated in the first quarter, but 19h1 registered a 37.8 per cent increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis and a 45.4 per cent increase in profits (120 million yuan).
The growth hormone market ceiling is far from home, and the few players in the gold race have increased each share of the company's performance.
The growth hormones market ceiling is far from home, and according to the Chinese Medical Conference Science Division, children are short, new: reorganisation programs are being published, development risks are being developed.
The incidence of minor diseases is about 3 per cent, with about 7 million children aged 4-15 in all cases, of whom one third are rational, approximately 2.1 million, and only 100,000 are treated for minor diseases nationwide, with a penetration rate of less than 5 per cent, as society and parents become more aware of and deepen their growth hormones.
At the same time, the company is now promoting the acquisition of 29.5% of the minority shareholders in the prime drug industry, with gold beads, commitment from the forest basin, and net profits from the gold market in 2019-2021 amounting to at least 1,558 million yuan, 1.948 billion yuan, and 2.32 billion dollars, respectively.
In the first half of the year, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has achieved net profits of $820 million, adding more patients quickly, and is expected to complete its full year’s performance. Completely combined, it will also be useful to increase each share of the company’s profits, assuming that, on the basis of price increases, the subsequent gold collection is not as fast as expected; the growth hormone industry has become more competitive; and the 2013 Changsha industry is at risk.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.