The six-month growth rate of the Medical Health Research Centre slowed down in the second quarter, and the company published its semi-annual report, which generated business income of $3.392 billion for 209h1, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the same period:
The net profit is now 727 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 32.6 per cent for the year, and 718 million yuan for the mother ' s non-profit, an increase of 39.5 per cent for the same year. The company ' s operating income of 2019q2 was $1.62 billion, a decline of $1.6 billion for the same year, an increase of 8.08 per cent for the same year.
Billion dollars, 48 per cent more than in the same year. 100-gram organisms achieved operating income of 407 million yuan, 29 per cent lower in the same year; net profit of 95.6 million yuan, 31 per cent lower in the same year. High property revenue of 539 million yuan, equal to growth.
For the current period, the Māori rate for biopharmaceuticals was 92.5 per cent, an increase of 1.8 per cent over the same period; the cost of company sales was $1,174 million, an increase of 4 per cent over the same period. The ratio of company costs was further controlled, which explains the faster growth in profits during the current period.
The company has generally continued to grow healthy and healthy, and the gold-track pharmaceutical industry has continued to achieve a rapid increase in earnings: coupled with the market opening of the water needle variety, the company has improved its electronic pen as a stand-alone business.
3. The Annual Report shows a re-enactment of a major restructuring announcement. Considering that the summer vacation is a season for traditional growth hormone sales, q3 sales are expected to accelerate further.
In the past, there has been a significant increase in profits from the same period of the estate settlement; the core values of the city and of the high-nature and garden project, the Changchun company appraisal, the delivery of the housing stock: the first phase of the Enchant Project has been completed: full-scale start of work in Junun II and three design phases
Completion: Construction started on the capital of the Condá Old City renovation project, and the written building (b) proceeded in an orderly manner as planned. 100-gram vaccine industry was affected by process upgrades in 2018, and products available for sale were not available in the first half of 2019.
The company has adopted a strategy to adjust production plans and increase production to ensure that vaccines are stored. With the construction of the new plant, pre-packaged packaging line equipment for a pox reduction vaccine has been completed, certified and fielded, and is now in production for use.
The gmp certification exercise, which has already initiated on-site verification preparations, has left aside the impact of asset restructuring on corporate performance and, in view of the growth prospects of growth hormone operations, we anticipate uncertainty in major asset restructuring; approval risks; performance commitment risks; changes in growth hormone market patterns.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment