Incident: On 24 January 2025, Shanxi Coal released a performance forecast stating that it is expected to return to the net motherhood in 2024 \triangleright \triangleright
As a result of pressure and slowing demand in the coal market, the company ' s coal product sales, combined prices and prices have declined over the reporting period; cost inputs have increased, as a result of changes in geological conditions in some of the mines, and the combined picture > 24q4 co-benefits have fallen.
Wind data show that in September 2024, after a drop of 250 yuan/tonne in the coronary price ratio, the 24q4 coronary price was equal to 1760 yuan/tonne, with a decline of 8.95% in the coil ratio, which led to a decline in performance. Under the JCJ mechanism, corporate price volatility was weaker than market coal, and performance was relatively more robust.
The company was announced to be involved in a competition for coal and co-bauxite prospecting rights in Lu Liang County, Shanxi Province, which is listed on the web by the Natural \triangleright Resource Office in Shanxi Province.
The company competed for the coal and co-bauxite prospecting rights for 24,705 million yuan. The coal and co-bauxite prospecting rights in Lu Liang City, Shanxi Province, involve 95,277,500 tons of coal resources, 55,61.23 million tons of bauxite resources and 34.31.28 tons of sorghum resources.
At the same time, the announcement states that Heng County block north is adjacent to the company's ravine coal mine, that geological formations are simple, that mining conditions are better, and that the company has accumulated a wealth of mining experience, and that Heng County's well-in-field is opening up.
The research assistant, Lujaki, can take advantage of the technological advantages of mining coal in the ravine, make full use of the power of the ravine to select coal plants and railway lines, and transport capacity to increase market ownership of the company's products and enhance the company's own competitive advantage.
The company continues to have a high percentage of dividends and a higher value of dividends. Since 2021, the company has started to have a high percentage rating: 24q3 performance pressure - 20 \triangleright
2. Coal in Shanxi (000983.sz) semi-annual report 2024 Assessment: 24q2 performance ring growth, output or performance-driven improvement Assessment: 24q1 output impacting performance release, 24q2 expected
4. Coal Coal (000983.sz) in Shanxi, 2023: Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.