- "Industry landscape + productive energy release" supports the company's continued growth. After the light module field, the ratio of high-speed light modules has gradually increased and is expected to increase at an accelerated rate.
With excellent cost control, the company ' s Māori ratio has always been higher than that of the same industry. In the future, with the introduction of new company products, the high-priced high-speed light module ratio has gradually increased and the overall Māori rate is expected to remain stable.
With income of $662 million and net profit of $96,621,600, the same year-on-year growth of 29.88 per cent, 20.03 per cent, corporate regressive growth in the first six months of weak domestic telecommunications markets, rapid movement up, network expansion of the melody, industry continued to be high.
The dynamic light communication network has evolved towards ultra-high frequency (UHF), hypervelocity (UHF) and hypercapacity, and the high-speed light module has become a hot spot for the development of the module market. In the future, the demand for the light module will look at the expansion of the access network and the urban area network in the short term, as well as the construction of large data centres. In the long run, the 5g network will become the light module requirement.
After going on the market, the public sector continued to increase its investment in research and development, raising $45 million in investment funds to set up research and development centres for companies.
And to track the progress of the development of the Silicon Valley light module, and to update its own technology of modular encapsulation, the company registered as a subsidiary in the United States in May this year. The establishment of the subsidiary has brought the company’s products closer to the frontier markets abroad, and has acquired a timely light model.
The fund-raising project started to release gradually. The company's previous fund-raising project added 4.25 g light-based production lines, 11, 30, 40/100g light-based production lines, 7 new ones.
With an additional 2,295,300 units of annual production capacity, the company will have 6,425.3 million units per year after completion. The construction of the project has been completed and the capacity has begun to be released gradually.
As a small domestic manufacturer with the capacity to deliver 100 g light modules in bulk, the fund-raising project began to be released gradually, and its future performance was strongly supported.
Prices of pe are 49, 37, 28, covered for the first time, with a "buy-in" rating. Part 1 Company profile: full range of 1.1 products from the back of the light module and extensive application landscape
Founded in 2008, the company ' s main products are point-to-point and pon-light modules, with more than 2,800 product specifications, covering a variety of standard communication network interfaces, transmission rates, optical wavelengths, etc., and applications covering a number of industries such as broadband, telecommunications, fttx, data centres, security surveillance and smart grids that can be customized for customers.
After many years of development and accumulation, the company has more than 300 domestic and foreign customers, and its products are sold to more than 60 countries and territories, including Europe, North America and Asia, with access to the domestic and foreign communications industry and figure 1: Different transmission rates for new and easy products.
1.2 Income, profit growth and stability. Companies’ earnings and net profits have been growing for the last five years. At the income level, revenue was raised by three hundred and fifty million yuan, or 20.03 per cent, in 2011 and, with the weakness of the domestic telecommunications market in the first half of the year, the firm grew in reverse.
Figure 3: New Replenishment and Speed of Growth Figure 4: New Reclamation Net Profit and Growth
However, with its excellent cost control (the public is in the west, where human resources are relatively cheap to produce), the Māori rate has remained at over 30% over the same industry listed companies. With the introduction of the company’s new product, the high-priced high-speed light module ratio has gradually increased, and the overall ratio has been rising.
The Māori ratio is expected to remain stable, broken down by the fact that in light-module product lines, the point-to-point module is primarily customized and has the characteristics of a “small batch, multi-species” while the pon-light module is procured mainly centrally for large clients on a large scale, with the point-to-point module adding more value than the pon
Light module. In addition, point-to-point module sales account for a larger share of external sales, while pon module sales are dominated by inward sales, resulting in a higher ratio of high-speed products due to the fact that foreign-to-light module products are used in different areas of application and customer demand for products, which generally results in a higher-than-1.3 point-to-light module ratio.
From the point of view of income structure, the company point-to-point module income as a share of total income has remained constant at 80 per cent to the right, and in recent years it has shown an upward trend, with a second-higher share of the pon module, at 15 per cent, but a small overall downward trend, with the rest consisting of related components (Bosa, Tosa, Rossa, etc.).
From a Māori perspective, light-module products contribute nearly 95 per cent of the company ' s Māori, with a point-to-point component being higher than 90 per cent. In point-to-point modules, low-speed products of 4.25 g and below are used mainly in scenarios where the speed of the network is low, for example.
Access to networks, electricity, etc., and 10g products are conventional products, with more diverse scenarios, access to networks, urban area networks, and 100g product applications, mainly in data centres and telecommunications. The share of corporate income from more than 10g products is now 50%, and is expected to increase further in the future.
In recent years, in the context of the operator's “facilitating costs” for speed drops, heavy traffic, such as mobile video and live broadcasts, has led to a rapid increase in the flow of interconnectivity. For example, the average monthly flow of mobile Internet access was in January 2014.
165.1mb, the average monthly household traffic in October 2017 was 2304m, an increase of more than 10 times. Globally, the high-speed luminous communication network has evolved towards ultra-high frequency, hypervelocity and hypercapacity, and the high-speed light module has become a hotspot in the light module market.
The construction of large data centres will, in the long run, be the main driving force behind the growth in demand for light modules. Telecommunications-level markets: access networks, upgrading of urban area networks, and the rapid growth of household end-of-end access flows with the large-scale construction of ftth, with video moving towards high clearance and even 4k.
The surge in traffic forced the access network to upgrade to 10g, the urban area network to evolve from 40g to 100g, and the backbone network is expected to adopt the 400g system in the future, and the light module in the corresponding area is faced with a large demand for upgrading. At the fixed network access level, the pon experienced narrow band dialling, adsl, adsl2+, owing to low cost, low resource consumption, etc.
A wide range of services is the main technology for fibre optic-to-house networks. Pon is an unsourced light network built from point to multiple points (p2mp), made up of optical circuit terminals (olt), optical network units (onu) and non-source spectrometers (pos) that usually connect 32 or 64 nu per olt.
In the development history of the past two decades, pon/bpon, pon and gpon have formed a series of products. But with the rapid development of 4k videos, virtual reality, and so on, the demand for bandwidth is already beyond the capability of 1gpon technology, and the mainstream pon and gpon are no longer able to meet 100 m-1g per household in the future.
The demand for bandwidth is irreversible, with the pon network moving toward 10g. The three major operators are now actively deployed in 10gpon: Chinese telecommunications began deploying 10gpon as early as 2015, and the 10gpon solution is now commercial in size.
Of these, 10 Gepon has been deployed on a large scale in developed cities, with a cumulative amount of over 700,000 pon; Xg-pon has been deployed in some provinces and municipalities, with a cumulative amount of about 100,000 pon; China Connect organized three 10 gpon research tests in the laboratory environment in 2014 and in some areas
This year, 10 gpon, of which xg-pon1 was the first global collection since the 2010 standard was launched. China’s 10gpon is now in the full deployment phase, and the speed-up of broadband access has been defined: with 1 g ponftth, plus 10 gponfttb, and small-scale deployments of 10 gponftth in developed regions.
China’s move in the 10 gpon field was relatively late. At the end of August 2017, China’s mobile 10ggpon experiment was completed, with a comprehensive assessment of the functionality and performance of the equipment, and a 12-provincial current network pilot was launched in September.
From the point of view of the industrial chain, multi-chip suppliers, such as high-teaching, pmc-sierra, have been able to provide 10 gpon olt/onu chips, as well as mainstream equipment providers, such as China, China Communications, Fire Communications, etc., with 10 gpon devices and commercial deployments in cooperation with multiple operators around the world. As a result, the 10 gpon industrial chain has matured from three to three.
The demand for the 10g light module will grow rapidly in the future, as the 10pon scale becomes widespread. At the transmission level, grid-fixing and the outbreak of mobile access, the pressure on the urban transmission network will sink.
In 2016, three major operators began large-scale deployment of the 100g urban area light network, which is in high demand. In the first half of the year, China’s telecommunications led the start-up year with the first centralized procurement of 100gdwdm/otn equipment, line and client side ports.
A total of 6100 requirements, of a total size of about 700 million, opened the scene of 100 gotn expansion in the country, followed by large-scale collections of Chinese migration and Chinese connectivity, which, in terms of aggregates, led to a significant increase in the size of the extended transmission network in 2017 by three major operators, which will drive the demand for 100g telecommunications-grade light modules over the same time period.
On the supply side, the 100-g-grade telecommunications module is mainly used for long-range transmission, limited in the first half of the year to high-speed overseas light, insufficient chip production capacity, and high 100-g-light module prices, leading to a low willingness on the part of operators to invest. As the 25g eml chip (the photochips used in the 100-g-level telecommunications module) is released overseas, the price of the corresponding light module is expected to fall,
The cost factors of the downfall of about 100gotn are reduced, and the demand from the operator to be suppressed is expected to be released quickly. 2.2 Number of markets: the demand for high-speed light modules driven by large data centre construction continues to flourish. The high-speed light module market in the data centre began to grow at the end of 2016, with the central driving force being the overseas Amazon and the valley.
The data show that major Internet companies, such as Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft, are purchasing the Internet Net Light module from $500 million in 2016 to $1 billion in 2017, and in the next five years, Amazon.
The Internet giants’ purchases of light modules will be maintained at a two-fold rate, and by 2022 they will account for 30% of the same kind of light module market. The core driving force behind them is an increase in data traffic of 100% per year.
Each year, 14.1zb is growing at an average annual rate of 30 per cent, or 92 per cent of total data centre traffic. The rapid increase in traffic requires large data centres to support it. The number of mega-data centres, as measured by the Cisco Clouds white paper, will increase from 259 in 2015 to 485 in 2020, with five times the flow of mega-data centres.
In 2020, the megadata centre accounted for 47 per cent of the total data centre servers, supporting 53 per cent of the data, while Cisco predicted that 77 per cent of the global data flow would come from within the data centre by 2020. If added, 9 per cent of the traffic between the data centre and the data centre would be east-west by 2020 (server-server connection).
In contrast, only 14% of the traffic between data centres and users will be transmitted via the Internet or wan. The traditional three-tier data exchange network structure, which supports North-South communications between data centres and users, is no longer available.
So the large data centre, which supports cloud computing, has begun to gradually transform the three-storey exchange network structure into a two-storey ridge-leaf network. The two-storey ridge-leaf network can connect each spinal switch to each leaf exchange by fully interconnected cabling.
Increased efficiency of network routes, with significant reduction in delays. Figure 18. Changes in network structure of data centres
Spine-leaf, two layers of network structure
The change in the network structure of the Leafswitchlayer West has led to an increase in horizontal traffic in the data centre, i.e., a continuous increase in the need for interconnection of the corresponding data centre.
The flat network structure of the data centre provides additional horizontal connectivity requirements, meaning that the connection between the server and the switcher requires more light modules to complete low-time connections with high bandwidth. At the same time, in light module rates, the data centre light module will be upgraded from 10/40g to 25/100g, or faster, with the spread of spinal-leaf racks.
Currently, the North American data centre light module is moving from 40g to 100g, with a global digital light module market of $1 billion in 2016, with a compound growth rate of 19 per cent; of this, the 100g light module is expected to grow at a high rate and by about market size by 2020, according to Lightcounting predicts that the 100g light module on the data centre market is expected to reach 3 million in 2017.
In 2018, major data centre operators will double their purchases of 100 g light modules, which will be delivered on a large scale from 2019 to 2021. However, most data centres in the country are still facing a significant increase in demand at 10 g and demand.
2.35g: The demand for wireless access sidelight modules has increased significantly, the construction of 4g base stations has been completed and the overall volume growth has slowed. However, 5g has come closer, and 5g network construction is expected to start in 2019, and light module demand will flare up again.
The manner in which the bbu+rru segment is deployed, usually with 3 rru, 4g base station pre-lighting modules, is dominated by 6g/10g, which requires approximately 7 (one transmission network and three pairs of 3 rru) 5g compared to the 4g network, the structure that separates the bbu into cu (central unit) and du (distribution unit) because
And its carrying needs are also one layer of an intermediate network, with more than 20 light modules in front/medium/post transmission, while the light module transmission rate will be upgraded to 10 g/25g as a result of an enhanced bandwidth of 5g. On the other hand, in the 5g high frequency age, the base stations of 5g may be 1.5-2 times the size of 4g, and the light module will be used to ensure the same coverage capacity as the 4g.
As part 3 of the R & D results begin to emerge, capacity begins to release 3.1 more R & D inputs, with a focus on high-speed light modules.
The company is one of the few companies in the country with the capacity to deliver 100 g light modules in bulk, with the capacity to encapsulate high-speed light devices, and has the vertical capacity to build from photochip envelopes, lightware envelopes, to light modules. Once listed, the company continues to increase its research and development investment, with $45 million in investment funds for the establishment of a research and development centre, and for the company to keep abreast of the upgrading of the module industry.
The company released a series of new products during China’s (Hin Shenzhen) Expo in September, covering wireless, fixed-net ftx, transmission networks, and several major applications at the data centre. The most popular data centre, 200gqsfp-dd light module, was the first in industry to support 200g light vents/
Teleports use nrz-modulated 2xcwdm4qsfp-dd, doubling the rate of vomiting at port 28 at qsfp. Currently, product devices and programmes are mature, supply chains are complete, and bulk-out is available.
(1) Wireless: qsfp28cwdm4 Industrial Level, sfp28lr/cwdm10km Industrial Level, sfp28sr (2) Networking ftx: xfpcomboxgpon/gponolt, sfp+10geponolt (4) Data Centre: qsfp28cwdm4/clr4/4wdm-10, sfp+copper
The continued roll-out of new products, the demonstration of the company's pioneering R & D manufacturing capacity, the further refinement of the company's product lines, the enhancement of the firm's core competitiveness, the consolidation of the firm's industry position, the establishment of an offshore subsidiary to provide a sound basis for sustained high performance growth, and the consolidation of an internationalization strategy
Corporate income from overseas operations has been high in terms of total revenue, with earlier overseas operations accounting for more than 50% of income, which has declined in recent years, but also remained above 40%. And overseas operations are dominated by customized light modules, with Māori rates consistently higher than domestic operations, and are very important in the overall business.
Given the current concentration of the data centre light module market in North America, and the large number of high-quality companies in the field of light modules in the North American region, the company registered in the United States in May of this year to update its own module encapsulation technology to track progress in the development of the Silicon Valley light module.
Changes in demand in the sector provide a good basis for the expansion of the North American market. 3.3 The project is about to come into operation, and capacity is beginning to be released. 99.83 per cent, 88.14 per cent and 105.80 per cent of the capacity of the optical module, pon module, respectively.
85.15 per cent, 92.02 per cent, 101.10 per cent. Thus, corporate capacity bottlenecks are present, thus limiting further growth in corporate business earnings and net profits.
With the completion of the project, the production capacity of an additional 2,295,300 units per year will reach 6,425.3 million units per year, with a total production capacity of 4.25 g and above. The project has now been completed.
At the same time, with the release of 25 g light chips overseas at the end of this year, the output of high-speed products from companies will increase further. 3.4 equity incentives to lock in core cadres.
In July of this year, the company launched a restricted equity incentive scheme, targeting senior managers, middle managers, and core cadres. The introduction of the equity incentive scheme helped to fully motivate senior managers, middle managers, and core cadres, effectively combining shareholder interests, corporate interests, and the individual interests of the core team.
From now on, before the arrival of 5g, build up a pool of talent. Part 4 of the profit forecast and investment proposal (1) Light module area, where point-to-point light module production can begin to be released, will be accompanied by strong downstream demand, and will increase in speed.
The high-speed light module ratio has gradually increased, and the Māori rate has shown a small upward trend; the pon light module is not included in the fund-raising project, and the business growth rate and Māori rate are expected to remain relatively stable. The business share is also small, and the future growth of the business is expected to be relatively stable, with a small decline in Māori.
The company, as a small domestic manufacturer with the capacity to deliver 100 g light modules in bulk, has continued to experience a decline in capital spending by operators in the expansion of the network and industry.1 25g has not developed as expected
The credit rating system for securities in the yuan: