Low interest margin has passed; asset quality continues to improve Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
7.26 per cent; 157.0.6 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 1.76 per cent in the same year. In the fourth quarter, the company achieved its return to its parent company, which published its first quarterly report for 2017. In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved a net return profit of 16.824 billion yuan, an increase of 7.16 per cent, and a return of 34.55 billion yuan, a decrease of 15.57 per cent in total capital at the end of the period.
3. “Emphasic refueling”, reboot over the next five years The overall performance has increased slightly faster than expected and the rate of recovery affected by the negative increase in net interest income has slowed considerably.
If King's interest differential drops (38bp in the same year) and the growth rate slows down, Liu Zhiping's year-on-year gap drops 38bp in the same year, and the four-quarter interest gap rings rises.
8bp, mainly from the optimization of the four-quarter asset and liability restructuring: partner assets were identified more poorly than at the end of the third quarter, with double-dwinding of overdue loans. At the end of the period, companies had a negative rate of 1.65 per cent, 7bp lower at the end of the third quarter and 9bp higher: at the end of the three quarters and at the beginning of the year, respectively: at the end of the period, poor/90+ overdue increased to 127 per cent, with the same increase.
Thirty-one percentage points, with a high degree of innovation in the level of poor recognition, are in the forefront of the industry (128 per cent of recruitment in 2016). At the end of the period, the ratio of loans of concern has increased slightly, mainly as a result of the firm’s tightening of the category V classification.
Quality of assets continues to improve as a result of a quarter-longer than the previous quarter. The company achieved a net return of $16,824 million a year, an increase of 7.16 per cent a year, which was higher than expected, mainly due to a slowdown in the provision for the quarter on the basis of a significant four-quarter increase, while the negative balance for the quarter was only higher than at the beginning of the period.
The impact (a decline of 5bp from the early part of the year) was 5 percentage points higher than at the beginning of the year. There was a clear increase in the end-of-the-end cost of the liability, which was affected by the apparent increase in interest rates during the first quarter of the year.
A 6 per cent decline, coupled with a 7.1 per cent increase in client deposits compared with the beginning of the year. Corporate performance as a whole grew slightly faster than we expected, middle-level business performed better, capital started in the fourth quarter, and output quality continued to improve with poor recognition.
Under the new regulatory and appraisal system, companies will return to their traditional liabilities, strengthen their client base, and downsize their growth. Capital will be replenished faster after the targeted increase at the end of March.
In 2016, the company launched a new five-year plan, looking forward to the effectiveness of the company’s transformation under the new business system and the corporate strategy. We maintain a rating of the investment that the company buys.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.