Aluminium industry has a prominent advantage in the integrated layout. The company has established an integrated production system from upstream mining of mineral resources, \triangleright smelting down to downstream processing of aluminium, forming the core industry (aluminium ore, aluminium oxide, aluminium oxide).
The “3x5” industry development pattern for electrolysis aluminium) + core sub-industry (high pure aluminium, aluminium alloy, fine aluminium oxide) + ancillary industries (carbons, coal, electricity) + co-industry (trade, logistics, materials) + green industry (silt use, regenerative aluminium, electrolysis, dangerous waste co-disposal) is the only industry with a complete industrial chain in the global aluminium industry
Large International Aluminium Industries Corporation. Bauxite: Focusing on resource layout, Guinea bauxite continues to be released. Bauxite resource reserves \triangleright, offshore and offshore.
By the end of 2023, the company had 157 million tons of bauxite deposits at the domestic end; at the overseas end, the company had 1,761 million tons of resources at the boffa project in Guinea, the largest bauxite project that China had invested in Guinea, and the boffa mine had a higher grade, leaving over 60 years of recoverable life, which is currently under way.
Year after year, production rose to 14.25 million tons in 2023. Qiuzu learned to produce tons of aluminium oxide, and the 2 million tons project in Guangxihua was gradually launched, if work was scheduled to start after delivery.
The company can produce 24.26 million tons per year of aluminium oxide.
\triangleright Research Assistant Fan \, and showing that alumina helped upgrade the company ' s industry, with total electrolytic aluminium production from 386 in 2021
Tens of thousands of tons went up to 6.79 million tons in 2023. Thanks to the clean energy advantage of aluminium, the company ' s green aluminium production ratio rose to 45.2% in 2023, and the carbon emission intensity compared to that of the energy plate: the new energy landscape.
Quantities - 2025/03/18 Million kilowatts and 310,000 kilowatts of light voltage.
With the construction of additional centralized and distributed photovoltaic capacity, the future capacity of Silverstar energy is expected to expand further. The value of resources is yet to be revalued by 2024/10/30, and there is much room for new energy generation.
Aluminium oxide profits have contributed significantly, with the advantage of integrated layouts. Coal production is distributed mainly in Ningxia, Gansu, etc., with 13.5 million tons of coal produced in 2023, a year-on-year increase of 2024/09/02.
Impairment e.g., mitigation, integration advantages revealed - 2024/03/ Investment proposal: A company as an integrated enterprise in the domestic aluminium industry chain, with significant resource security capacity, with aluminium rating: boosted performance released, integration advantages demonstrated
1 China Aluminium Industry: Aluminium Industry’s flagship, with a clear integration advantage, is a large international aluminium company with a complete industrial chain, and the only major international aluminium company with a complete industrial chain worldwide.
The company China Aluminium Industry was registered in September 2001 and launched by the Chinese Aluminium Industry.