Scarcity and high growth, and a strong core competitive advantage Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • operating bottom: professional efficiency and stability.
Ningpo Bank's positioning of “knowing markets, familiar customers” creates a clear strategic blueprint: regional layouts, ranging from Zhejiang to the Long Triangle to the more economically developed regions of the country; crowd-to-peer methods, ranging from miniatures to the highest/minimum 12 months
To the large pairs, to the large retailer, to the layout of the business, from the deposit loan to the settlement to the diversified gold, to the full synergy of the services; to the risk management, to clear the baggage, to increase the provision and to distribute the money, each step is to do a deep market, a class of customers, to ensure that the risk is manageable and the profit is predictable.
The Ningpo Bank is now taking over the cities and cities of Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and is in line with Ningpo Bank’s customer profile and strategic advantage. The company’s prices are compared to the 300-year-old trend.
Ningpo Bank established a modern corporate management system earlier, with a diversified equity structure. The core management team is the old Ningpo Bank, with a strong strategy.
On the basis of this, we believe that the advantages developed by Ningpo Bank in its operational management mechanisms are difficult to replicate, and can be implemented and sustained, mainly through: (a) the deep binding of executives, staff self-interests and Ningbo Bank development, with sufficient remuneration and equity incentives; and (b) its familiar and manageable risk profile.
• Core competitive advantages have been developed, with sufficient long-term capacity to grow.
We believe that Ningpo Bank’s core competitiveness over its peers has been developed, and short-term performance fluctuations have not changed to long-term growth patterns.
Avoiding moral hazard, with subsequent approvals and the optimization of the risk system in all its aspects, consolidating wind control advantages. 2 more meta-financial services capacity is scarce, and clearing-forward operations such as the "Five Second Treasures" have been very effective in competing for customers and raising penetration rates, with company bank clients in 2018-2022.
The power point is consumer lending, with more price-resilient; the wealth business is wholesale, the retail and wealth management industry has a wide range of possibilities: sedimentation to public customers is expected to turn into a wealth customer.
The core management team is stable, strategic communication is efficient, corporate governance mechanisms are difficult to replicate and sustainable. Strong wind control, diversified finance, service capacity is scarce, and the clearing of e-business is strong against strong retail business models.
All right, multiple profit centers can provide performance support and are domestic banking poles that are both scarce and high-growth. As a result, we believe that Ningpo Bank Roe's long-term stability in the city's first class of comptoirs is predictable, with companies forecast to earn the same operating income in 2023-2025.
Market risk: The macro- and regional economy’s large downfall has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad performance. Business risk: less than expected economic growth, and a sharp drop in financing demand has slowed credit growth.
1 Operating bottom colour: Professionally efficient, steady and deep, 1.1-early, medium-term off-site position advantage, later multi-profit centre Ningpo Bank, established on 10 April 1997 in 17 urban credit unions and 1 city in the former city of Ningbo
A credit union based in Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province. In May 2006, a strategy was introduced in the form of a capital build-up of the investor, the Hong Kong Bank of Singapore, which opened its first branch in May 2007, the Shanghai branch, which was placed on the market at the deep border on 19 July of the same year, and the three-step strategy of “Challenges — Cross Zones — Markets” was quickly completed for 14 months.
Historically, Ningpo Bank's positioning of “knowing markets, familiar customers” has led to a clear strategic blueprint: regional layouts, from Zhejiang to the Long Triangle to the more economically developed regions of the country; crowding, from small to large pairs to retail connections; business layouts, from loan deposits to settlement to full synergies in diversified financial services; and risk management.
The first step is to create a market, a group of customers, to ensure that risks are manageable, profits are predictable, and then to attack and open up new markets and new businesses. At the beginning of 1997-2006, Zageningbo, the focus was on the depth of small and medium-sized enterprises.
After taking office in 2005, the Chairman of Lu Huayuan proposed “a proactive approach to small and medium-sized enterprises,” and Ningpo Bank began a full transformation of the SME sector in the medium term (2006-2013) to create a locational advantage.
The Sea is a two-wing “one-wing” development pattern that accelerates expansion in other cities and out-of-towns within and outside the province, while strengthening the network in already established branches. In 2018, the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board stressed that banking institutions should “focus on and return to their source” and then oversee the display of trade with the city's comptoirs.
As a result of this gradual tightening, the Bank of Piscingpo has already completed the off-site layout of its co-workers, accumulated a wealth of experience in cross-regional exhibitions, and later (2013 to date) introduced a large retail transition and a robust financial license plate to form a multi-profit centre. Four subsidiaries have been set up since 2013 to create win-win funds, win-win rents, win-win money, sell-win money, and raise money in 2018.
As an important strategy for the transformation of companies’ personal operations, the development of rich management practices has gradually taken the path to a deeper transformation of public-led retailing, wealth management. The Ningpo Bank has now achieved full coverage in Zhejiang province and is located in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Su.
There are 16 branches, with 27,000 employees, and one of the 19 systemically important banks in the country. In terms of regional distribution, Bank Ningpo loans are directed mainly to Zhejiang and Jiangsu (86.9 per cent of the total).
The asset-end expansion was rapid and efficient, with Ningpo Bank assets of $2526 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2023, with a five-year compound growth rate of 16.21%, loan size of $105,98.8 billion, and a five-year compound growth rate of 19.51%.
Millions of yuan (2013a) have risen to 2,164 million yuan (2022a), with a positive increase. The Ningpo banking model can be replicated rapidly in different locations, with Jiangsu and other Zhejiang municipalities steadily increasing from year to year.
Figure 2 The size and speed of the Bank's total assets, Figure 4 The distribution of the Bank's lending area, Figure 5 The number of Bank's banking points, the size of the Bank's loans, and the size of the Bank's loans.
Su uses total provincial loans, Zhejiang Ningbo, Guangdong Shenzhen, Shanghai and Beijing, and 1.2 Zhejiang province is economically active and the Bank of Ningbo has a development strategy, and the private economy is not only the backbone of the Zhejiang economy, but also the bulk of the Zhejiang economy, and the people's capital for economic growth.
The value added of the private economy increased from 63.8% in 2012 to 67% in 2022 in Zhejiang province, while the contribution of private enterprises contributed 71.7% of revenue from the province as a whole. From 2012 to 2021, the value added of the private economy rose from 2.2 trillion to 4.9 trillion in the province, an average increase faster than the current price of gdp.
By the end of 2021, 2,944,000 private enterprises and 5,492,000 individual businesses were registered in the province, representing an increase of 2.76 and 1.23 times, respectively, compared to 2012. In 2022, 460,000 private enterprises, or 93.5 per cent of the number of new businesses, were established throughout the province.
The resilience of the private economy in Zhejiang province (reflected in terms of the profitability of enterprises and the quality of assets at a time of macroeconomic volatility) should not be underestimated, and the entrepreneurial confidence is expected to improve as the economy improves, and policies and policies rise steadily. In mid-2021, 107 Zhejiang enterprises outnumber the country for 24 years.
First, Zhejiang received $7.9 trillion in total revenues, representing more than 20% of the total revenue of the 500-strong company. In the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, “In 2022, 10,000 private enterprises evaluated the business environment,” Zhejiang received the first overall score of satisfaction with the business environment. In 2023, the first meeting of the 14th People's Congress of Zhejiang Province proposed to implement the business.
Environmental Reform Project No. 1, a system of business environment assessment indicators with Zhejiang characteristics, with a view to improving the political environment, the rule of law environment, the market environment, the environment, the environment, the humanities, and accelerating the creation of the best business environment and the development of world-class enterprises. A good business environment and a good competitive atmosphere have ensured a private economic confrontation in Zhejiang province.
The resilience of external environmental disturbances has increased in 2022, and the trend is better than in Guangdong. Charts 8, Jiangsu, and Guangdong Provinces (100 billion)
In 2006, the Ningbo Bank positioned itself as a “commercial bank focused on small and medium-sized enterprises” matching the regional endowments of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) active and market-friendly in Zhejiang. In 2008, the “small business” in corporate business became independent.
In recent years, Ningpo Bank, through its boxing product, the “Five Two Treasures,” has moved its role in financial services from a purely intermediary role to an integrated gold-forwarding function, with a growing customer sticky, with a large number of uncredited households remaining as potential asset-based business customers.
In July 2023, the State Council issued Opinions on the Promotion of Private Economic Growth, article 31, and the Central Council of Government meeting referred to “continuing, optimizing, perfecting and implementing tax abatement policies”, “substantial support for science, technology and innovation, the physical economy and the development of small and medium-sized enterprises”, which play an important role in building confidence and helping the private sector to grow.
The Zhejiang governments, represented by Ningbo, have been able to accelerate their own development by taking advantage of every historic opportunity, such as in the 1980s and 1990s, which seized opportunities for the introduction of foreign investment and the development of foreign trade; since the beginning of the century, Ningbo has seized opportunities to “go out” and participate in international competition in all its aspects.
The business environment in Zhejiang province is expected to be ahead of the national economic improvement, the performance of small and medium-sized enterprises will be expected to take the lead in recovery, and Ningpo Bank will benefit deeply from the settlement of e-customer reserves, with asset-type operations, middle-income operations and further 2 mechanisms in place for strategic implementation.
2.1 The system of corporate governance is well established, with a diversified equity structure, and a modern system of corporate governance is being introduced.
There are enterprises that have built up modern business regimes, such as regulated shares, joint-stock partnerships, and a highly integrated private-sector, multi-sector economy. In a fair market environment, Bank Ningpo has, at an early stage, established a truly modern corporate governance mechanism.
Bank Ningbo, like other comptoirs, was founded to address local financial risks, where local finance is the largest shareholder. Unlike other comptoirs, Bank Ningpo quickly emerged from its historical burden, and is the only bank with a market share that has never had a bad rate of more than 1%.
After the light-loading, Bank Ningpo began introducing local private enterprises in Ningpo City through the Replenishment Equity, and in 2006 one of the largest financial institutions in South-East Asia, the Hong Kong Bank of Singapore, as a strategic investor. As of 1 q23, the Ningpo Bank National Finance Committee had been working through the Ningpo Development Investment Group, the Ningpo City Track Transport Group, and Ninghing (Ningbo)
The Asset Management Corporation holds a total of 21.22 per cent of the shares of Bank Ningbo; the Expatriate Bank of Singapore holds 20.02 per cent of the shares directly or indirectly (over qfii); the Yagor Group, the Huamoo Group and the Ningpofo State are all locally known enterprises in the city of Ningbo, with a combined share of 12.62 per cent; and the Hong Kong Central Settlement held 6.21 per cent of the shares and the Central Remittor held 1.14 per cent.
The cooperation between the Bank of Singapore-China and the Bank of Singapore-Ningpo is from the original one-way operations, management, and technology to the gradual and deep cooperation between the two sides in cross-border finance, private banking, risk management, human resources, etc.
This is expected to be further deepened. These include: 1 capital support: the Bank has expanded 18.69 per cent of the capital replenishment of Bank Ningbo; 2 organizational architecture optimized: building on the 2005 business and management process reforms, one step is taken to consolidate the business and management operating systems, and to move forward with the front- and back-office separation constraints, vertically dominated and flat- levelled operations.
(b) Management and management models to deepen line management, adapt and improve the organizational structure of business management;
Chinese diaspora banks learn from good management experience and apply to the daily operations of Ningpo Bank; in financial science and technology, they export databases, crm systems, etc., to Ningpo Bank to help Bank Ningpo develop a set of solutions to understand customer needs and transform them in a timely manner, and jointly build an integrated cross-border financial platform with internal outreach as a feature of the Ningbo Bank.
Development of an international business to optimize the asset structure, broadening the client base, and strengthening financial science and technology provide strong support.4 Operational cooperation support: joint ventures with the World Bank of China to set up a win-win fund, with intensive cooperation between the two sides in the areas of offshore finance, private banking, financial management, and financial operations. In 2017, the two sides renewed their strategic cooperation agreements and renewed them for a further period of time.
The 10-year strategic partnership reflects the Bank’s strong confidence in Ningbo Bank. Meanwhile, Ningbo Bank’s central advantage is the regional segmentation of SME financial services.
2.2 Core management is stable, fully motivated, and strategic implementation is in place. The core management team is old General Ningbo Bank and is strategically determined.
As a real career manager, since 2005 he has held the position of president of a company for 22 years, and is currently the longest-serving bank leader among the current directors of a listed bank. With the constant commitment and effort of the chairman, Ningpo Bank has developed small and medium-sized enterprises, achieved cross-regional operations, and introduced strategic investments.
After completing his master’s degree, Mr. Jiu Jinjun has joined the Ningbo Bank, where he has served as Operations Manager, Personal Banking Manager, Senior Manager, Director of the Mingzhou branch, Vice-President of Shenzhen branch and President of Beijing branch, among others, with a wealth of first-line experience.
Vice-President Rowiqak, Feng Pei-chung, Shun, Wang Yong-jie, and Janningen are senior generals of Ningbo Bank who have worked in the branches and branches of the Bank, the last four of whom are just 47 years old, and are in the middle of the year. Mr. Romombo, former president, graduated from the University in 1994, joined Ningbo Bank.
The grass-roots credit workers began to do so. They then served as general managers in two central departments of the Ministry of Corporate Operations and the Department of Management, and served as president from 2011 to 2022, with 13 years in office, and played a key role in shaping the Ningbo banking mechanism and culture.
On the basis of an orderly change in the stable core management team, we believe that Ningpo Bank’s advantages in operating management mechanisms are difficult to replicate and sustainable, thus contributing to a long-term valuation premium.