Ningbo Bank (002142): Comparison of professional operations. Core point: In the light of industry trends and corporate business strategies, we have reviewed the structure of corporate assets and liabilities and average interest rates in recent years, light capital operations and changes in asset quality. We believe that in operating environments, companies are fully professional.
At the end of the loan, the company’s customer base is private, micro, manufacturing, and export-import firms, with a focus on fostering a pool of high-quality customers to address the financing gap, with the average rate of return on the loan being higher than the peer average. At the end of the deposit, the company insists on “customer-centred.”
The concept of business, which constantly improves the quality of deposits, is at the core of a solid and sticky base of public deposits, with average cost rates below the average of their peers. Under the double pricing advantage of the deposit, the net profit spread of companies is significantly higher than the urban comptoir average. In 2020, the average rate of return on the company’s assets was pressured by the interest rate environment and the restructuring of its own assets.
At the end of the debt portfolio, the ratio of corporate-interest-rate bonds to corporate-bond investments has increased significantly in recent years, and the ratio of unbid investments has declined significantly. This optimization reflects, on the one hand, the impact of recent trends in financial regulation, and, on the other, the decline in corporate investment-end risk preferences.
At the end of the trade, companies have taken advantage of their expertise to generate sound investment returns at a higher proportion of their traded financial assets, thereby counter-bullying gains are clearly faster than those of their peers, in which the Fund’s investment is dominated by a trading financial asset that acts as a ballast.
While corporate-trading financial assets continue to grow rapidly, the return on investment remains stable. For light capital operations, benefiting from the traditional advantages of investment banking and the rapid development of wealth management operations, the share of net corporate fees and commissions in operating income is significantly higher than the average of municipal comptoirs.
A key strategic direction for development is the firm's commitment to the business concept of “putting value from a profession” and its continuous strengthening of professional services, strengthening of the foundation for sustainable development of wealth management operations, upgrading of the company's product system and customer capacity. In recent years, corporate wealth management has been expanding rapidly, with a rapidly growing client base, representing the revenues of finance, agency funds, proxy insurance operations.
In terms of asset quality, corporate loans are distributed mainly in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Beijing, Guangdong, where Zhejiang and Jiangsujiang are 64.33% and 22.60%, respectively, and the advanced regional economies are laying the foundation for the quality of corporate assets. In terms of risk management, the Department adheres to the “risk-control is cost-reduction” philosophy, with the bottom line of risk being the most fundamental business objective.
Given the region’s economic and wind-control capabilities, the company’s asset quality remains a long-term leader. Dynamicly, the high turnover rate of corporate non-performing loans in recent years means that poor asset recognition and disposal are adequate, credit risk is better.
1. The differentiated business model gives net spreads a comparative advantage.
For a long time, corporate management has been stable and strategically effective. With management, Ningpo Bank has gradually developed sound corporate governance and stronger professional competence, building on regional comparative advantages and greater market competitiveness in regional markets and small and medium-sized customer services.
In regional markets, the company operates in close-farming regions in accordance with the development strategy of “regional markets, in synergy with development” and actively adapts to market changes and optimizes business strategies in a timely manner, depending on the customer characteristics of the region in which it operates. In the case of small and medium-sized customer services, the company operates with the objective of “supporting the entity, providing small and medium-sized services” and continuously improving the product, optimizing the process and upgrading the service from the client's point of view.
The company’s products and services are designed to meet the needs of small and medium-sized customers, and are well-spoken. To benefit from this, the company’s lending stock has a stronger pricing initiative.
The point-bringing of a high-quality clientele to address the funding gap, with an average return above the peer average, lays the basis for a comparative advantage in asset-end return. At the deposit end, the company uses services to improve the quality of its deposits, serving as a core solid and sticky base for public deposits, with an average yield below the peer average, and laying the basis for a comparative advantage in the debt-end cost ratio.
With the double advantage of assets and liabilities, Ningpo Bank net spreads are higher than those of its peers. Since 2020, banking spreads have narrowed as a result of the market environment and monetary policy. In this context, companies have taken full advantage of their professional advantages and taken a variety of measures to strengthen asset and liability management, with net spreads remaining relatively strong.
The difference of 2.20% is 40bp higher than the value of the listed bank and 28bp higher than that of the listed comptoir; the difference between the net profit spread of the bank in Figure 1 and the weighted average of the average cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities (weighted as the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities).
The same is true for five banks, such as Qingmen Bank and Jiangyang Bank, due to incomplete data on the ifind, which were not included in the sample of listed banks and municipal comptoirs. (2) The 2020 accounting standards were more standardized, banks generally adjusted credit card instalments from fees to interest income, and the statistics in this report were not retroactively processed, resulting in a difference between the net spread in 2019 and the post-2020 caliber.
The downside of the asset rate of return reflects market changes and optimal configuration. Monetary policy has been more liberal since 2020, and the size of banking assets has been growing faster.
Since 2020, the total assets of Ningpo Bank have grown significantly faster than those of the industry. In terms of the asset structure, the trend of “return to the source” of banking has been clear since 2017, with loans increasing significantly in their share of total assets. On the one hand, shadow banking has been steadily compressed under regulatory guidance, and stockless operations have been gradually transformed into loans or standards.
In this context, bank lending rose rapidly from 32.23% (end 2017) to 38.75% (2019).
Figure 322018 shows a gradual increase in the share of bank loans in total assets. In terms of asset yields, influenced by the market environment and structural optimization, the average rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets has declined.
Figure 4222 shows a sharper decline in the average return on Ningpo Bank assets, with the urban comptoir ' s spread from 87bp to 69bp relative to the listed banks, due to the fact that structural policies support small and medium-sized enterprises more strongly, adding to the sinking of the state-owned banking market to increase industry competition, leading to a sharp fall in interest rates on financing by small and medium-sized customers.
In this context, Bank Ningbo, on the one hand, follows Ipr’s downward interest rate on loans, and on the other hand, pursues concessional activities through interest-free loans, inclusive loan subsidies, etc., and the average rate of return on loans declines with industry trends. In 2020, medium- and long-term loans and individuals
The impact of interest cuts on micro-credit1 and the rate of return on corporate loans has declined considerably.The average rate of return on Ningpo Bank loans and individual loans has declined with industry trends since 2020. 2.3. Credit investments have been skewed towards interest-rate debt
At the end of the portfolio, the ratio of corporate interest-rate bonds to corporate-bond investments has increased significantly in recent years, and the ratio of non-valued investments has declined significantly. This optimization reflects, on the one hand, the impact of financial regulation and, on the other hand, a decline in corporate investment-side risk preferences.
This is due to the decline in bond yields with market interest rates and, on the other hand, to a marked increase in the share of low returns in corporate holdings. Figure 7 shows an increase in interest-rate debt ratios among lower-income assets in the corporate creditor category and a decrease in the share of capital management plans; financing output; (2) interest-rate debt statistics, including government bonds and policy-oriented financial debt; and (3) capital-management plan statistics, including asset management.
3. Improved quality management of liabilities and better cost control of deposits 3.1. Market interest rates drive lower cost of liabilities
In line with rapid asset-end growth, companies have increased their deposits, scaled up their active liabilities, increased their total liabilities rapidly, and benefited from lower market interest rates in 2020-2021, and reduced the cost of listed bank liabilities, driven by active liabilities (including inter-operability liabilities and the issuance of financial bonds). In 2022, the average cost of listed bank liabilities was mirrored by the cost of industry deposits.
The boom has risen, but since the city’s comptoirs account for a higher share of active liabilities, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities continues to fall, driven by active liabilities. In the above context, the Ningpo Bank’s cost rate of indebtedness has moved largely in line with the city’s comptoirs.
Corporate deposits have expanded considerably in recent years. On the one hand, companies rely on product ecology, consumer accounts and capital flows to promote diversified savings growth; on the other hand, companies insist on “customer-centred”, expanding their customer services, using their customer base and professional advantages, and saving costs are better controlled than industry.
In 2022, in particular, when the industry deposit rate was generally upped by the impact of periodicization, companies strengthened the quality management of deposits and the cost rate reversed by 6bp. The distribution of the 13 heavy-pricing days points to an increase in the periodicization of deposits to Ningpo Bank, in line with industry trends -
In practical terms, companies attach great importance to the management of the quality of their liabilities, establishing a more scientific and rational organization for the management of the quality of their liabilities, continuously optimizing the structure of deposits and controlling the cost of their liabilities. Second, they adhere to the principles of initiative and forward-lookingness, dynamically adjusting the total volume, structure and pricing of line-wide liabilities in the context of regulatory policies, market and peer dynamics and in-house asset and liability allocation strategies.
A comprehensive system for the assessment of the quality of liabilities is being built. Public deposits are a central advantage of Ningpo Bank deposits, accounting for a high proportion of total deposits and 78% of total deposits at the end of 2022.
On the one hand, by optimizing the service flow, improving the service system and marketing programmes based on the client ' s full-cycle perspective in different dimensions, such as industry type, segmented areas, and providing professionalization, onlineization, mobile services, quantitativeization and quantitative promotion of clients to effectively facilitate the settlement of deposits; on the other hand, by expanding the business cooperation landscape to provide greater access to government bodies, enterprises and individuals at all levels of government.
Quality, accessibility and efficiency of financial services. In 2022, the company implemented various digital projects that enabled it to achieve business qualification and priority client cooperation in the provinces, municipalities, and districts, and effectively led to an increase in the financial flows of institutional clients.
Between 2020 and 2022, Ningpo Bank reduced its interest rate on current deposits significantly above the average of listed banks in the face of a general increase in the cost of current deposits in the banking sector. Figure 1520-2022 shows a marked improvement in Ningpo Bank’s cost on public deposits.
3.3. The cost of active debt falls with the market The company actively optimizes its corporate liability structure, seizes market opportunities to supplement its co-financing, and promotes a significant drop in the cost of active debt. After the high interest rate of high long-term financial bonds expired in 2020-2021, the cost of active liability follows market interest rates
Rapidly adjusts to the urban comptoir average. In 2022, the cost of corporate debt payments fell further with market interest rates. 4. Leveraging professional advantage for sound investment returns to counterfeed income.
In recent years, corporate returns on investment have been impressive. In 2020-2022, the Bank ' s broad investment returns (investment returns + fair value change gains/losses) increased by 14.5% a year, while the comptoirs and comptoirs increased by 14.5% a year.
As core income-generating assets for investment earnings, the Fund’s investment-based transactional financial assets play a stabilizing role as ballaststones. Companies have an investment advantage to effectively capture the wave-rate by enhancing macro-level research, market analysis, and trading-account bonds.
Low spreads and high net spreads are more common, with Ningpo Bank showing a “low net difference and a high net spread.” Since interest expenditures in the net spread calculation formula include the financial cost of transactional financial assets, the higher transactional financial asset share is tilted towards lower net spreads, which lead to a lower spread than the spread. When transactional financial assets are higher than a certain percentage, they lead to interest gains.
When assets are smaller than interest-bearing liabilities, the net difference is lower than the net spread. The higher share of transactional assets at Ningpo Bank than their counterparts makes the difference between the two pairs of scissors. In 2022, the net difference at Ningpo Bank was 2.02 per cent, which is higher than the net difference of 18b.
The diversification of light capital operations has yielded good results in 5.1. More activity, higher fees and commissions, higher corporate diversification of light capital operations, and higher non-interest income. This is reflected in four areas: wealth management.
After many years of business development, cross-cutting upgrades have been achieved in product systems and customer business capacity, while client and total aum growth has been accompanied by further optimization of client distribution and asset structure, with continued increases in profitability; and second, corporate international settlements, financial market operations will continue to build up comparative advantages in segmented markets and enhance differentiated competitiveness and operational excellence.
This has been further expanded; third, profit centres have seized market development opportunities, strengthened technological and professional leadership, and have steadily developed light capital operations such as bond underwriting, non-monetary financing, asset hosting, etc.; and fourth, subsidiaries such as win-win funds, silver finance, etc., have accelerated their business arrangements, and client capacity and development systems have matured to inject new dynamism into non-interest income growth.
The company has made the business of wealth management a key strategic direction for transformation. The business of wealth management adheres to the “customer-centred” business purpose, upholds the concept of “professional value creation” and continuously strengthens the capacity of professional services and strengthens the business of wealth management.
At the product system level, companies have set up lines of complete goods such as cash, solid revenue, equity, security, alternative products, through market-based screening and retrospective evaluation, continuously introducing head machines, building high-quality products to meet integrated demand; and, at the customer level, integrating multi-dimensional equity systems, deepening the hierarchy of product lines.
In recent years, the wealth management client base has grown rapidly, driven by companies, and income from acting on behalf of customers, agency funds, and proxy insurance operations has grown rapidly. In 2022, owing to the influence of debt markets and capital markets, the processing costs of wealth management operations have declined significantly with the industry.
6. Quality advantages of prudential risk management. Corporate loans are distributed mainly in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Beijing, Guangdong, with 64.33 per cent and 22.60 per cent of Zhejiang and Jiangsu, respectively, with negative rates of 0.73 per cent and 0.69 per cent, respectively, and developed regional economies laying the foundation for the quality of corporate assets.
In terms of risk management, the company adheres to the concept of “risk control is cost reduction” as the most fundamental business objective, and continuously improves a comprehensive, full-scale, process-wide risk management system. On the basis of consistent letters of credit policies, independent letters of approval, further refinement of working mechanisms such as risk alerts, loan-back visits, industry studies, industry chain studies, etc.
Rapid risk management digitizes, intelligently transforms, continuously improves the effectiveness of regulatory measures and better responds to economic cycle and product restructuring.
Dynamicly, the high turnover rate of the corporate non-performing loan pool means that poor recognition and disposal are adequate and credit risk is better. The better risk-freeness can be seen mainly in the following areas: (a) full recognition by the generation end that since 2020, the migration rate of loans of concern to the Department has been significantly higher than that of its peers; (b) full coverage (highly stable provision coverage); and (c) disposal end kernels.
This is a significant increase in the proportion of non-performing loans written off since 2019. prudential recognition and disposal of companies has enabled companies to focus on business expansion and financial services, laying a solid foundation for bank sustainable development.
7. Prospective profitability and investment proposals 7. The economically developed region in which the company operates, with better demand for real credit, is expected to maintain a faster growth in the size of the company ' s assets, as reflected in the higher negative gross-generation versus write-off ratio of figure 26.
At the end of the loan, affected by the decline in lpr, the rate of return on corporate loans is expected to be affected over the next four quarters, and the structural factors are expected to have less impact on the rate of return on creditor investment in 2023, as measured by a slower restructuring of the underlying assets of the company’s creditors. In terms of market returns, the rate of return on bond markets has been declining during the year, and the recent drop in interest rates is expected to affect the rate of return.
At the same time, macro-policies have increased in favour of economic recovery, falsely payable bonds, and expected low debt-paying rates, based on market interest rates for the first half of the year. Based on the poor performance of corporate stock bonds in asset markets and finance markets in 2022, corporate agency fees have been slower with industry growth.
q1 performance in 2023, assuming that the net revenue from commission fees in 2023 was driven by wealth management, asset management and financial management, assuming that the structure of financial assets in the corporate investment class remained stable on the basis of q1 in 2023, after the scenario of growth in size implied that the company would strengthen its controls on operations and administrative costs in the light of income-end growth, and that cost revenues in 2023 were lower than in 2023.
Management costs have increased less than business income, 9 per cent and 9.8 per cent, respectively. (6) Credit costs and asset quality The economy of the company is well developed and the customer base is good. At the same time, the company insists that “risk control reduces costs”
In the context of financial security, priority areas such as banking real estate and finance platforms are manageable, and corporate risk controls are better superimposed. It is expected that the above areas will be public based on baseline scenarios, and we have conducted sensitivity tests on profit projections (see appendix 2 for further details).
The rate of return on loans, interest on investments in the category of claims and the rate of return on investments in transactional financial assets fluctuated upwards and downs by 10bp; (2) the rate of savings, liabilities by 10bp; (3) the rate of total assets, loans, deposits by 5 percentage points of the same rate of increase. In terms of asset quality, the rate of gross (annual) non-performing loans fluctuated from the baseline by 10bp in 2023
Good corporate governance, leading financial performance, and long-term valuation premium on the secondary market. As of 18 August, Ningpo Bank had a relative valuation level of 1.16 xpb, a bank index of 0.55 xpb, and city merchant behaviour of 0.64 xpb. Companies have a strong regional economic base and outstanding professional competence and are expected to maintain industry leadership.
Figure 27 Ningbo Bank has a long-term premium on its relative valuation. Figure 28 Ningpo Bank ' s relative valuation has been low since 2015 and the interest-rate differential on a symmetrical reduction has been significantly narrower: performance growth is more sensitive to the average interest rate on assets and liabilities, if the asset rate of return
A marked decline, a marked increase in the cost of deposits, and a sharp reduction in net interest differentials will result in significantly lower-than-expected net interest income. A marked weakening of the regional economy and exposure to risk in priority areas have resulted in a marked weakening of asset quality: the region’s economy is well developed, its client base is good, and its risk management capacity is strong, and we assume that the quality of corporate lending will remain excellent.
With a robust portfolio of assets, we expect companies to face less risk in the area of real estate and financing platforms. There is a marked shift in the regional economy, and there is a marked increase in the area of real estate and finance platforms, which will lead to a weakening of asset quality and hence to a loss-of-profit level.
Appendix 2: Profiling Prediction Sensitivity Test Series, using legally compliant data information, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report, does not have any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.