Hale Jiist (600690) Home appliances, high growth in overseas income, multi-brand co-development, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: semi-annual reports issued by companies in 2019, during the reporting period, operating income was 98.980 billion yuan, an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers was 5.150 billion yuan, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period; net profit on deductions from non-repatriation to mothers was 4.7 billion yuan, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same period q2 yuan, an increase of 50.940 billion yuan in the same period.
10.9 per cent; net profit of 3.02 billion yuan for the mother, 4.7 per cent more than the previous year; total increase in the share of products from the net profit of the mother after deduction, with a steady increase in revenue. According to data from Mid-Ikang, the company's refrigerators and washing machines have continued to expand their advantages, with the market share below the line being 3.1, 2 times higher than the second. During the reporting period, the company refrigerators,
Millions of yuan, a change of 9.3 per cent, 22.9 per cent, -6.6 per cent and 23.6 per cent over the same period, were affected by low prices for other brands in the same industry, resulting in a decline in revenue from air-conditioning operations.
This represents a decrease of 1% in the same year; external sales generated 46.31 billion yuan, an increase of 23.6% in the same year, of which gea grew by 244% in the United States, including Candy. Companies insist on multi-brand development strategies, and the synergies between management and technology are growing.
Multi-brand operations are heavily covered, and the high-end share continues to grow. Casati’s brand has been growing rapidly, and the high-end market’s share has increased by more than 15%. Over the reporting period, the market share in refrigerators and washing machines has reached 36.5% and the market has increased by 7.6 pp. And the lead brand has enhanced the image of young people’s intelligent lives.
Focusing on smart family solutions, building the “ecological cloud” of the wise. By building “5+7+n” smart family solutions, the company integrates and unites industrial advantages and actively promotes the deployment of intelligent family networks in the reporting period.
Qingdao Hale (600690): Ice-washing taps are strong. Inside, smart family packages account for 28.3% of sales, an increase of 2.7 pp. The high-end smart sets are sold with significant success (2019-05-17).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.