The Sini Hill Signals have been very effective in high-end branding and overseas branding.
In the first half of 2019, companies achieved 98,988 million yuan in revenue, a 9.38 per cent increase over the previous year; and overall, the growth in the number of places in which companies performed was as expected. The share of products continues to lead the industry and the company returns are of good quality.
Six months ago, companies continued to increase their market share below/on the line for white power, water heaters, and cooking power. Market data: 29 August 2019, refrigerators, washing machines continued to expand the industry leadership advantage, with the market share below the line being the second largest.
In terms of quality, the Māori rate of corporate sales rose from 28.97% to 29.1% in the same period last year, while it was received by one pct. In terms of operating liquidity, there was a small increase of 0.17 pct in the stock turnover rate of companies, a marked increase of 1.56 pct in the capital turnover rate, a flat overall asset turnover rate and a fixed asset turnover rate.
Companies are actively promoting high-end brands and overseas ownership. Casati’s Chinese brand as a high-end market is growing rapidly, with a 50.4% share in China’s ice-washing market of more than 10,000 yuan.
Upgrades 1.9 pct. Over the first half of the year, the high-end products of the Haile brand increased by 49%, and the high-end incomes of all industries increased by more than 30%. In addition, the company acquired the first share in the New Zealand market.
The configuration of the Three Ones accelerates the one-person transition to overseas landings, and continues to push the smart family solution of the cfa ESP. Companies achieved 467 overseas in January-June of this year.
Billion dollars, 24 per cent more than the same year, 47 per cent of overseas income, rising the share of corporate global income, led by intelligent families and provided intelligent solutions. The company has built a 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
The world's leading white power, food industry cluster and full product package. The company provides consumers with a "5+7+n" on the basis of the China Sea Card, research and development, intelligence, channels, services, and the u+ Smart Family Platform, 28 Peace Rixie Street, in Beijing City West Side.
In the first half of the year, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The average retail price of the company ' s smart family channel full net package was $10,271, an increase of 9 per cent; the company ' s intelligence package was 28.29 per cent, an increase of 2.71 percentage points, with a significant increase in the sale of high-end smart package products, a 24 per cent increase in the second quarter of the year; and the smart household battery ration increased by 54 per cent.
\triangleright Market demand slowed down, the intellectual platform slowly developed, and trade friction between China and the United States escalated. \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.