Coal 601225. High coal prices contribute to higher performance, powered coal taps to a steady distance to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: 1) The company as a high-quality power coal tap with a high-quality resource base with a primary coal heat value of more than 5,000 kcals, with a yield of 8.21 billion tons, ranked third in the industry. 2) Within the group, “Golden 9 silver 10” will drive a gradual increase in non-electric coal demand, with subsequent supply and demand patterns likely to be tight and overseas energy available.
The country’s high-quality power coal taps hold high-quality resources. The company’s northern and ping-yeon mining areas are the country’s highest-quality base for kinetic coal and cokering, with primary coal heat values above 5,000 calories, especially in the elixir forest.
The value of coal in the region is more than 5,800 kilocalories. Companies can harvest 8.21 billion tons, third in the industry, third in the industry, third in the industry, and third in the market in tons, at $1426 per ton.
According to the list of safe and efficient coal mines published by the Coal Industry Association for the period 2018-2019, the company meets the criteria for a total of 15 certified coal mines, which, if all 15 sub-level mines were capable, would be expected to increase production capacity by 10 million tonnes/year, with an equivalent yield of 5.95 million tonnes/year.
The coal mine is expected to be injected into a listed company, and if successfully injected into the company, the company’s capacity is expected to increase by 8.6 million tonnes/to a low COAG ratio, leading the Māori industry. In company-owned coal sales, COAG sells only 30% of the coal, and COCA prices are adjusted every month.
q2 per year, the price of coal per ton sold in the Qanxi coal industry was $653 per ton, an increase of 16.40 per cent in the same year; the company's coal per ton was $375 per ton, an increase of 134.38 per cent in the same year.1 High-quality power coal taps lead the profitable industry
1.1 The Coal Group, a company financed by the coal main industry assets of the Chelsea Coal Industry Chemical Group, co-sponsored by the Tri-Gorge Group, China Energy Development, Shaan-Si-Si-Si-Si-Thai Group, Inc. on 23 December 2008. The original registered capital is RMB 9 billion.
For the first time in February 2014, a stock of 1 billion shares was released, and the registered capital increased to 10 billion yuan. The company actually controls the Xinxi State Property Supervisory Board, holding 100% of the shares of Xinxi Coal Chemical Coal Industries Ltd. The Xinxi Coal Industry Chemical Company Ltd. holds 65.1% of the shares and is the company’s first-largest shareholder.
The top ten shareholders also include Xianxi colour, China Power International, the Alfonda Fund, the Great Wall Fund, etc. The top ten shareholders have a combined share of 76.7%. The company’s main product is: 1) coal.
Coals are one of the two main industries in the coal industry, which is an important way to achieve the transformation of coal from “fired materials” to “materials” and “materials”: 3) mechanical electrical products. Mechanical plates are modern coal mines, chemicals, engineering machinery, new energy equipment, modern smart photovoltaic products development and production enterprises: 4) materials and others.
1.2 Main-camp operations are prominent, the coal-rich ratio is stable, and the coal-farming ratio is declining. Companies operate primarily in the production and sale of clean coal, including coal mining, washing, processing, marketing and production services, with coal as their main product, with low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat.
The ratio of coal to coal is stable and the ratio of transport to Māori is rising. The proportion of coal to coal plates is stable, at around 96%.
In 2021, the coal Maori ratio was 94.77%, while the coal ratio remained stable overall. Coal was the main source of corporate revenue and profits, rising to 1.88% in 2021. The company's main railways were Yellow Mahal Railway (annual capacity of 18 million tons), Copper River Railway (annual capacity of 10 million tons) and Red Lemon Road (annual capacity of 45 million tons).
The net interest rate has changed slightly, and the company’s profitability has remained stable. The company achieved a gross operating income of $152,440 billion in 2021, and its performance grew significantly in 2021, mainly as a result of the country’s accelerated recovery, strong demand in the coal market and corporate ownership.
The price of coal products has increased significantly over the same period: second, corporate science has organized coal production, invested in strengthening internal management, actively implemented steady growth and secure supply, further released high-quality coal production, and production has steadily increased; profitability has stabilized and returns have been high. The increase in corporate Maori rates in 2015-2017 was mainly due to a rise in coal prices, 2017
After the year, the combined Māori rate fell, partly because of the increase in the trade-coal ratio, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, because of the small increase in the management capacity of the company from August 2018, mainly as a result of the decreasing cost over the period, from 16.0 per cent in 2017, the rising management level of the company and its increasing profitability.
Corporate R & D costs increase year by year, and innovation capabilities increase. Companies increased their R & D costs significantly in 2019, from 10 million to 54 million in 2018, and R & D rates increased significantly, from 0.02% to 0.07%.
Tons grew to 13,429 tons in 2021, and the cost of coal production and services received increased in tandem; 2) raw materials, extraction fuel costs, rising steadily: 3) the costs of taxes, depreciation, and amortization, such as resource taxes, have been rising in recent years. Companies’ ton coal costs are at a low level in the same industry, only higher than those of China’s Shunhua in the first half of 2022.
Coal industry, coal-mining energy, coal-to-ton Chinese coal cost RMB 209 per ton, $274 per ton, $331 per ton, RMB 309/2 bicarbon target binding supply, early transition demand no less 2.1 bicarbon target binding supply, intra-merger marginality variable
In February 2016, the State Council issued an opinion on the development of surplus capacity in the coal sector, stating that “from 2016 onwards, in a period of three to five years, about 500 million tons of coal production could be withdrawn and reduced by about 500 million tons of coal production could be restructured, with a significant reduction in coal capacity, a modest reduction in coal mining capacity, an effective resolution of excess coal production, and a basic level of market supply and demand.
In addition, the industrial structure has been optimized and substantial progress has been made in the upgrading of the transition.” Since the supply-side reforms, the country has seen a reduction in the supply of ineffective and low-end resources, an expansion of efficient and medium- and high-end supply, and a concentration of production capacity to the advantage of enterprises.
From 8109 in 2008 to 4239 in 2019, China ' s primary coal production grew each year from 2016 to 2021, with China ' s primary coal production increasing by 16.1 per cent in July 2022 compared to the previous month, an increase of 5 percentage points faster than in the previous month and a cumulative increase of 11.5 per cent in China ' s primary coal production of 2,56 billion tons in January-July 2022.
The country’s coal production has been growing at a relatively rapid pace, and the supply of coal has continued to increase. The production of coal in Shanxi and Shaanxi has grown at a rate of 12.2% and 3.0% per cent per year, which is normal overall.
In July, coal production increased at a rate of 10.6 per cent and 11.5 per cent in Shanxi and Shaanxi, while production continued to increase in sub-provincial areas, affected by the “20 years of coal-related corruption” and fell by 7.8 per cent in 2020 compared to the same year. In 2021, coal production increased only to the same period in 2019.
In July, coal production reached 900 million tons, a 19.7 per cent increase in the same year. The country’s current supply problems are mainly concentrated in key areas that will continue to contribute to production growth in the interior, i.e. in the interior of the country, as well as in Shanxi and Shaanxi. In July 2022, the country’s primary coal production was 16.1 per cent.
Coal production in the tri-west (Sanxi, Shaanxi, Monsi) remained steadily increasing in June 2020-2022, with a cumulative production of 1.85 billion tons of primary coal in the tri-west region in January-July 2021, an increase of 210 million tons, or 13.1 per cent, in the early stages of the energy transition, when demand for electricity and coal rose again.
In 2021, electricity demand reached 56% of downstream coal demand, followed by chemical and cement demand. Compared to 2016, the demand for electricity consumption for downstream coal increased by 4 percentage points in 2020, and still accounts for the annual consumption of coal.
The cement industry was affected by real estate reforms, and the decline was significant, from 13.6% in 2016 to 7.7% in 2021, with a greater likelihood of further declines in the future. In the early stages of the chemical industry's energy transition, the demand for new and old kinetic energy was more than expected to lead to strong power consumption. January-December 2021, for the whole of society.
The electricity supply rose by 10.3 per cent from 8,312.8 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), of which 10,2.3 million (1.2 per cent) and 14,23.1 million kWh (17.1 per cent) were in the primary sector, an increase of 17.8 per cent from the previous year; and the rural and urban population ' s access to electricity: 11,743 million kWh (14.1 per cent), an increase of 7.3 per cent from the previous year.
Over the past few years, the country has increased its efforts to upgrade its agricultural network, increase power supply in villages, continuously improve electricity conditions in villages, gradually replace human and animal power, replace diesel engines with electric motors, and continue to advance the fight against poverty and promote rural development.
The energy potential of the industry has been released; the epidemic has subsided, the services sector has continued to recover, driven by the good growth of modern services such as information transmission, software and information technology services, accommodation and catering, transport, warehousing and postal services, power use in the third sector, old power (high-energy consumption) has not yet been phased out, and the surge in new power is the main cause of the higher-than-anticipated demand for electricity in 2021.
In January-December, the national electricity consumption in manufacturing rose by 9.9 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; in January-December 2021, the combined electricity use in the four high-capacity industries increased by 6.4 per cent over the same period; in January-December 2021, the combined electricity use in the high-technology and equipment manufacturing industries increased by 15.7 per cent over the same period; and in January-December 2021, the combined electricity use in the consumer manufacturing industry increased by the same amount.
12.6 per cent longer, January-July 2022 recorded an increase of 0.8 per cent in the national electricity supply of 24,28.1 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) in manufacturing, including high technology and equipment (5,71.1 billion kWh (21.4 per cent) in manufacturing, an increase of 2.3 per cent in the same year, 13,298.8 million kWh (54.6 per cent) in four major high-capacity industries, an increase of 2.7 per cent in the same year, and 31,3.3 million kWh in consumer manufacturing.
As the epidemic subsides, the rate of growth in high-technology and equipment manufacturing has been most pronounced, reflecting the effects of the recovery of high-technology and equipment manufacturing.
The short-term status of electricity and coal cannot be shaken, and there is a need to replace it in the medium to long term. In 2021, real electricity consumption in the whole society grew by 10.7% per cent, compared with the same period in 2019, by 15.1%, and by an average of 7.3% in two years. During the “13th-five” period, the average annual growth in electricity consumption in the entire society grew by 6.3%, and the steady recovery of the economy was the main reason for the rapid increase in electricity use in the country.
Power generation in 2021 amounted to 811.218 billion kWh. Of this, coal-based primary fuel generation was the first, with a total annual electricity generation of 118.402 billion kWh, about 14.6 per cent of total national electricity generation.
At the end of our power supply, there are technological bottlenecks to the large-scale replacement of coal from new sources. New energy sources such as wind and photovoltaic power generation is unstable, storage technologies are bottlenecks and barriers to large-scale use are high.
Technical bottlenecks, such as transport, and high cost barriers. Without a breakthrough in this part of our technological bottlenecks, our energy consumption structure, which is dominated by coal consumption, is difficult to reverse in the short term. Our energy consumption has grown at an average rate of 3.8 per cent in the last 10 years, coal consumption will increase at a higher rate, coal prices will remain high. Our power coal prices have risen significantly in the recent past, and the price of coal powered by Xiangxi has begun to rise in recent times.
The ocean powered coal of the ring, with higher price volatility, continues to rise overseas, and Newark powered coal prices rose to a high of nearly US$ 421 per ton at the end of July 2022, owing to rising global energy inflation, higher oil and coal prices to historical levels, and higher coal consumption prices.
2.3 Two-carbon peaks, global coal production decline and capital spending continue to decline. In 2020, in the context of the global two-carbon boom, there was a marked decline in coal production in various regions of the globe, with coal growing at 4.9 per cent, 1.0 per cent, 14.6 per cent, 24.9 per cent, 37.40 per cent,
-7.8 per cent, -5.3 per cent, rebounded in 2021 in the growth of coal production in various regions of the world, with offshore financial institutions gradually phasing out financing coal projects and phasing out coal projects, capital spending by offshore dragon coal companies in the coal sector and loss of resilience in overseas coal supply, combined with an overall improvement in the epidemic.
The recovery of the industry and the rebound in demand for coal have led to a sharp rise in coal prices.
With regard to imports, we are currently banning the coal crossing with the conflict in the Russian Federation, and it is difficult for imports to be released significantly in the short term, so that the supply needs to be addressed. National coal imports in 2021 amounted to 320 million tons, an increase of 6.6 per cent compared to the previous year; of these imports 270 million tons, an increase of 6.0 per cent compared to the previous year. Since the beginning of 2022, Indonesia has been tightening its coal export policy in a phased manner, Japan and Europe.
Needs such as the continent are better, foreign coal prices have soared, and domestic and foreign coal prices have collapsed, clearly affecting the country’s imports of coal, which fell to a historically low level of just 11.23 million tons per month in mid-February. The recovery in South-East Asia and others has been better, generating a strong demand for coal, which is prone to rise and fall, adding to the cost of international maritime transport.
Keeping high, domestic foreign trade price differentials reduced, low import profits fluctuated, and imports of coal not only did not suppress domestic coal prices, but were expected to be an important support for domestic trade in coal prices at a later stage. In 2021, imports of Australian coal declined significantly. Indonesia’s imports grew by 27.4% in 2021, which was our powered coal.
Tons, 2.6 per cent, and Russian imports on a year-on-year basis, also showed a significant increase of 35.6 per cent. In 2021, our power coal imports together were equal to a total of three hands holding high-quality resources, turning back on coal to open up the growth space.
The company’s coal species can be divided mainly into lean coal, long coal, weak sticky coal, no sticky coal, thin coal, gas coal, etc., with high heat and high stability, with an average heat value of more than 5,500 kcal/kg. The industry’s first-largest coal company, China’s Senghua, has an average heat value of 4212 kcal/kg, and the company’s coal resources are of good quality.
The company’s main product, the primary coal heat, is more than 5,000 kcal, especially in the Eldos region, which is also powered by coal. The company’s yellow masonry is dominated by gas and is characterized by low sulphur and high wash-out rates.
As a result of the excellent quality of the product, the price of the pits is higher, although the company’s geographical location is somewhat less than in mines such as Shanxi and Ordos. The market value of the company’s reserves and tons of production is ahead of the market, and the market value of the tons is undervalued.
The company is ranked third in the industry, leading its peers. The tons are ranked in the order of market value: the sum of 27.3 yuan per ton in the new collection of coal in the company and the number of tons in the same industry; the tons are listed in the order of market value: the ton of coal in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in which the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the ton in the to the ton in the ton in the to the ton in the ton in the to the ton in the ton in the to the ton in the ton in the to the ton in the ton in the to the ton in the to the to the to the to the ton in the to the to the to the ton in the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the ton in the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to
The company’s coal production capacity is well distributed and growing. 95% of the company’s mining capacity is located in the country’s “13th Five” major coal bases: the Shindong Base, the Kanbei Base, and the Yellow Man base.
At the present time, 50 to 10 million tons of mines will be clustered and capacity will become more apparent in the north. The company’s main mining wells will be located in the south, in the south, in the south, and together with Ning Shaningdong and Uldos, in the interior of Mongolia, will form the country’s energy chemical industry.
Triangular, rich in energy resources. The company revolves around the “six-line four” regions, namely: consolidation of the provincial internal electricity and industrial industrial markets along the Bauxi Line: leading advantage of the non-electric coal market along the line of hope, the Waj, the Great “two lakes and one river” along the Hoji Railway, leading to a regional dominance of the core of the Yangtze economy; expansion of the south-west market along the line of unity and prosperity, based on the south-west market.
The company's approved capacity is expected to increase. According to the Measures for Management of Production Capacity in Coal Mines (hereinafter referred to as “the Scheme”), issued by the Energy Agency on 17 May 2021, the company's mine meets the criteria of safety and efficiency.
According to the list of safe and efficient coal mines published by the Coal Industry Association for 2018-2019, the company meets the special level of safe production standards and meets the Scheme's 15 nuclear-powered coal mines.
If all of the above 15 sub-mines are able to increase their capacity, they are expected to increase their capacity by 10 million tonnes/year, with an equivalent yield of 5.95 million tonnes/year. 3.2 Group-based mines are expected to be injected into listed companies, opening up the elasticity and space for growth in corporate performance.
As the state reform moves forward, the company’s coal mines are expected to be injected into the company. The three mines are single-mine-rich and productive, mainly in advanced areas such as Bing Chang and Tsubei. The three mines together produce 27 million tonnes/year, and the equity-producing 8.69 million tonnes/year.
In 2018, the joint commissioning phase was not fully re-established, but production was included in the group’s total production accounting. If Mon Village, Kochang, and Cao Beach coal mines were successfully injected into the company, the company’s capacity could be increased by 86.9 million tonnes/to 87.72 million tonnes/year, an increase of 11%, opening up room for company performance growth elasticity and space.
By 2021, coal sales in commodities had reached 123 million tons, 143 million tons, 178 million tons, 242 million tons and 264 million, respectively. In the past five years, corporate coal production has been second only to China’s God.
3.3 Coal or a two-track system, with a low LTA ratio favourable to performance Coal or a return to a two-track system, with a low LRC ratio favourable to performance. After a sharp rise and fall in coal market prices in 2021, the relevant sectors of the country began to recalculate the price-fixing model of the LTA and released the Medium- and Long-Term Coal Contract 2022 in November.
In the case of company-owned coal sales, only 30% of the price is sold and the price of coal is adjusted once a month. Given the low share of coal and the greater price elasticity of coal, it will benefit more in the next cycle.
Figure 35: Evolution of power-coal pricing mechanisms Marketized pricing (2013-2015) Government regulation (pre1992)
On December 31, 2012, the State Department issued a State report on the reform of the electricity and coal market prior to 1978.
From 1978 to 1992, coal prices were largely at the start of the government, with the cancellation of priority contracts and the cancellation of electricity and coal, the competent authority being the coal industry.
The two-track price system, which marks the complete marketization of coal prices. The two-track price system (1993-2012)
In response to the massive rise in coal prices in the second half of 2016, the Government promoted the decision in 1993 to liberalize coal prices and set them by the market itself.
In 1996, the country began to play a role in electricity and coal production, owing to a serious dispute over coal.
Combined price index, integrated price index for ring-sea power coal, Government stopped issuing electricity-coal-guided prices in 2002, but annually in the coal cctd Qin island combined trade price index for power coal, on the coast of China
(b) Four indexes of the combined price index for the purchase of electricity and coal, the last of which was selected per month. In 2004, a coal price linkage mechanism was established to streamline the transmission.
In 2005, the government announced that it would no longer regulate the price of electricity and coal, but that the price of coal would not be regulated.
Coal price zones are still subject to ad hoc interventions. Table 12: Marketized coal pricing is the main principle
Coal prices have been rising steadily and remain high at single-season prices. The single-season price of coal has been rising steadily since 2020. As of 2022, q2, China ' s Shunhua, Xiaoxi Coal, China ' s coal energy, China ' s coal energy, and China ' s coal energy sources, respectively, had increased by 581 yuan/tons, 653 yuan/tons, 756 yuan/tons, and 1098 yuan/tons, respectively, by 20.6 per cent, 8.6 per cent, 23.5 per cent and 74.0 per cent respectively.
In 2021, coal was maintained at a high overall level of single-quarter Māori, with an increase of 90 yuan per ton, 115 yuan per ton, 324 yuan per ton, and 580 yuan per ton by the same year, as of 2022 q2.
Coal washing: Based on the capacity of the company, taking into account the magnitude of the increase in the price of power coal and possible future price reduction trends Trade coal: In line with the business arrangements of the company, taking into account the magnitude of the increase in the price of power coal and possible future price reductions, it is expected that we will expect supply and demand patterns in 2023 as the energy crisis in Europe and domestic supply policies continue to advance
In 2023, coal prices were expected to improve, but the overall decline is expected to be limited, while coal prices are expected to remain relatively high for some time, and the company’s valuation is expected to rise. We have selected the three companies most closely associated with the industry’s coal industry, China’s Shinhua, China’s coal energy, and China’s mining energy.
An average of 8/7/7 per cent in 2022-2024. Two of the greatest points for the future of the Sanxi Coal industry are: 1) companies as domestic engines, coal taps, large reserves and high product bargaining power; 2) intra-group mining wells are more likely to be injected into the company, which will increase output by 8.690,000 tonnes per year, opening up the elasticity and space for growth of the company’s performance.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.