The Māori rate of the membrane is higher than expected and the product structure continues to improve The research assistant Huang Qiang Hao performed $669 million, or +83.3 per cent of the year, and the big supermarket expects: the company will issue a year-round performance forecast for 2020.
q4 Māori for vinyl and double unit rates: the company ' s q4 film continues to be fully produced and sold at about 250 million square metres, an increase of about 26% over the same period, and the ring growth of around 14% over the same period. We measure Māori for the company ' s vinyl operations at around 30%, and the ring parity, mainly because: (1) the average stock price for vinyl q4 was higher: q4 was fast due to the price of eva resin.
Up and up two price increases for eva film products, combined with an increase in the share of the poe, are expected to exceed the average unit price of the company ' s q4 export, which is expected to increase by less than 30 per cent at the end of the q4 statement, due to the company ' s late cost of the film for about a quarter; (3) the share of the poe in the q4 increase is expected to improve profitability: the share of the company ' s poe+epe is over 30 per cent, and the ring continues to rise by more than 30 per cent, while the price of the q3 is higher.
The share of interest-rate products is expected to increase faster in 21 years, when the supply and demand of glass is reduced, and the share of company-poe products is expected to rise faster. In 21 years, the demand for new glass energy is reduced, and the industry-to-industry ratio is expected to reach 40% + (20 years 25% +) in 21 years, benefiting from the two-poe rate, taking into account the company’s share.
The market is close to 70%, and the company’s high-priced and Māori ratio of Poe products is expected to accelerate, driving the profit-making structure to accelerate investment expansion and strengthen its leadership. By the end of the 20th year, the company produced about 850 million square metres of film, projected 1350 million square metres, and produced 1.7 billion square metres by the end of the 22nd year, further strengthening its leadership position.
At the end of the 20-year period, the company is expected to produce 216 million m2 of photoresilient membrane capacity, and the alkaline soluble resins and acrylic esters have been able to produce capacity, with the company photoresilient membrane products expected to rise in both volumes starting in the 21st century and contributing to an increase in performance.
1 Forster (3-quarterly report (6038006) Review: Forster 20-q3 rating: membrane Māori ratio is exceeding expectations, fine management
Review: Forster 20h1 photo-voltaic membrane double-litre, electronic material progress exceeding expectations 2020-08-08
3 Foster (603806): Photovoltaic film taps, new show on electronic materials 2020 - performance forecast, net profit of parent companies realized in the reporting period of $1,540 million, an increase of 60.9 per cent.
q4 Māori for vinyl and double unit rates are expected: the company ' s q4 film continues to be fully produced and sold at about 250 million square metres, an increase of about 26% in the same year and 14% in the ring. We measure Māori for the company ' s vinyl business at around 30%, and the ring ratio is almost flat, mainly because: (1) the average unit price for q4 was overexpected: q4 due to eva
The price of resin rose rapidly and the price of eva film products increased twice, while the ratio of elastic products was increased by a projected 48.1 per cent increase in public yuan/tonne, compared to q3, but since the company ' s cost of vinyl fell by about one quarter, the q4 ended up at over 30 per cent, the q3 continued to rise, and the ratio of high Māori products was more profitable than the structural improvement.
Figure 2: Trends in the price of eva resin (in yuan/tons)
With the release of supply and demand mitigation, the industry bipolar ratio is expected to reach 40 per cent + (20 years 25 per cent +) in 21 years, with a two-probation acceleration. Given the near 70 per cent coverage of the company’s poe membrane market, the company’s high-priced and Māori ratio is expected to accelerate growth and contribute to structural improvements in profitability.
Pyre sensibilization and alkaline soluble resins and acrylates have been produced, and it is expected that, starting in the 21st century, the public-sector silicon membrane product will be in a position to produce a double increase in performance.