Performance forecast exceeded expectations, and the increase in the price of photovoltaic film contributed to a significant increase in corporate profitability -- Foster (603806.sh) 2020 performance forecast rating of photovoltaic film q4 continuing q3 highs, increased sales and an increase in the average unit price of sales
The growth in company performance during the current period is largely due to the increased profitability of the main business. With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry in 2020, companies have accelerated the expansion of their photovoltaic membrane production capacity, further optimized the product structure, increased sales of photovoltaic film and higher average sales unit prices, and increased profitability of products.
In terms of prices, the average tax-free unit price of the 2020q3 film was $8.36 per square metre, with an increase in the q4 ring ratio, mainly due to high downstream demand and tight supply, and the fact that the film accounted for less than the cost of the components.
• Continuous expansion of photo-voltaic-enhanced film taps, long-term sustainability of the company as a new material platform company, the golden age, where the film is the best track in the industry. (1) Following industry growth, there is no technological substitution risk. (2) Industry pattern is excellent (oligarchy market), Foster is a industry leader, with the city taking over.
More than 55% (upgraded). (3) product structure optimized, high-morican productspoe and whiteeva increased, with Foster gaining a more prominent position in poe (70% of municipalities). (4) Sustained expansion meets downstream demand and strengthens the leader position. Apart from the 500 million membrane expansion of tradable projects, the company was in 2020.
It was announced in September of that year that 250 million square metres of film and 110 million square metres of backboards would be produced. It was hoped that the sensitisation membrane would replicate the film growth path, and that the company would grow into a platform company for the long term.
There is a clear trend towards alternatives to membrane national production. Companies have deep technological accumulation and strong R & D advantages, new products such as fccl, aluminum plastics, etc., continue to break through and see companies grow into platform-type new materials over the long term.
“Exceeding expectations, elastic price increases and costs maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Photo-dry film accelerated growth 2020-08-07 Photo-voltaic film taps, platform-based new materials company
Continued interest rate rises 2020-04-23 " Plasma film taps secure, electronic materials industry progressing well 2020-03-23 "