On August 25th, 2025, in the light-voltage industry, the balance between supply and demand and the increase in competition, the volume of goods delivered remains at the forefront of the industry, and technological advances are required to drive the upgrading of the industry.
The company ' s 25h1 battery assembly delivered 33.79gw (including its own 119mw), and according to infolink, the company ' s 25h1 module was ranked third in the industry, with overseas shipments reaching 45.93%. In terms of capacity, at the end of 24 years, the company ' s component produced 100gw, and silicon and battery production capacity respectively.
Dom Young-kang 80% and 70%. The highest output conversion efficiency of the company ' s n-by-cium+ battery is currently 27%, through technology such as frontal low-breeding, back-side-level Polytechnic, advanced printing technology, etc.
In addition to the company’s active deployment of the next generation of battery technology, which accelerates the development of the bc battery, the mine is stubble.
The Hong Kong Alliance has launched a global capital platform, which has accelerated the deployment of overseas production capacity.
In the context of increased protection of international trade, globalization has emerged as an important strategic direction for companies, and in order to further advance the development strategy of globalization in Jubabino, companies have initiated the issuance of offshore foreign shares (h shares) and applied for a trading place in Hong Kong.
The company’s main board is listed, and we believe that the company’s entry to the port is expected to expand its access to finance, improve cash flows, accelerate overseas capacity-building, and thereby enhance its international influence. The company has previously signed a land lease agreement with the port of Soluhar, Oman, with a plan to invest $565 million in the construction of 6gw in Oman.
1. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) 2024 Annual Report Review: Battery tablets and 3gw component capacity, expected to be operational in 26 years.
\triangleright 2. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) 3-quarter 2024 report point: q3 performance exceeded expectations and cash flow continued to improve - 2024/
The company is the leading company in the light-voltage integration component, and as the global layout accelerates and the efficiency gains continue to grow, there is a “recommended” rating of 3.JT (002459.sz) in 2024, the semi-annual reporter looks forward to an increase in the market's share after the cycle.
\triangleright Price Volatility of Raw Materials, Less than Expected Downstream Demand, Unexpected Overseas Production and Large Assets Impairment 24-year-year-old Quarterly Review: Continuous Increased Overseas Delivery, One
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.