Sancie's food beverages (60809), brands are growing, wine is rejuvenating at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Suggested logic: 1; the continuous release of the country's transformation dividend, the new height of the branding station, the multiplicity of product matrices, the significant increase in the capacity of the channels to operate, and the further expansion of the advantages of the disease's alcohol, with a long-term high-quality growth base. 2 , the large-scale flowering series and 30 % revival are expected to be released at high end.
The upgrading of the structure of the product is optimistic; the current rate of alcohol in the city of Rim Shanxi is only 2.8 per cent, and the range of channels remains wide; the high target of “a three-year average increase of more than 50 per cent per year” for the 5 provinces south of the Yangtze River was set in 2020, with only 17 per cent annual net interest rates, the effects of which are highlighted by the continued upscaling of the product structure, with expected performance over the next three years
With a compound growth rate of more than 30%, performance growth will continue to lead to a promising future for the white wine industry. * Upgraded and divided into the main melody, with a strong white wine player.1 With economic growth, rising income levels of the population, and a larger and richer population, the demand for white wine will grow more robustly.
The show, the powerful wine sales are recovering rapidly, the performance is bright, the branding is weak is under pressure, and the industry is pushing up, and the branding is strong. 3, high end, sub-high end, light bottle are excellent, and the compound rate is about 18%, 20%, 15%, and the next three years is about 18%, 20%, 15%.
With brands, products, channels, the country's contribution to the “quickness of wine.” The country has benefited from unprecedented changes, and the wine has made great strides in brands, products, channels, and so on, building up strong development potential.
Brand end: The bottom of the wine is so deep that the brand is built up with a huge amount of money to sell and advertise in 2016-2019, with about 50% of the cagr and the value of the brand rising. At the end of the product: Saffron, the competitive advantage of the botanium is prominent, the first three quarters of 2020 was 30% of the flower and 20% of the bogus, and it drives the waist and bamboo youth to continue.
In the meantime, the 30-percent-renewal version, based on strong branding, is expected to enter the high-end liquor camp. Channels: sales of employee entitlements are directly linked to performance, price systems are streamlined + lead costs, marketing is expanded from 400 to 4,000, and marketing combat and channel control is substantially enhanced.
Three dimensions are looking forward to the future of the wine. 1. The logic of the brand revival is clear. The brand revival is strong and strong at a time when the wine and the tools are good for the world, for the land, for the people and for the triples. 2. Focus on the development of green flowers.
In the past three years, the Saffron series has grown at a combined rate of more than 35%.
Focusing on 35 cities in 5 provinces south of the Yangtze River and setting a high target of an average increase of over 50 per cent over the next three years, 2. Shanxi wine (60809): the return to high growth of sunflowers and the continued strength of the off-provincial market (2020-08-25)
The “buy-in” rating is maintained on the basis of the company’s growth rate and elasticity over the next three years, which is much higher than that of other famous wines.
1) Benefiting from the upgrading of consumption and the development of channels, the Saffron series will continue to expand, the Panama series will be imported into the out-of-provincial market, the old whites will continue to grow at a low rate, the demand for bologna value ratio will increase significantly, and the 2020 epidemic is expected to increase by the same amount of alcohol sales from 2020 to 2022. 2) The disease will have a greater impact on the series of alcohol in 2020 and will gradually be brought under effective control, taking into account the chain of alcohol guides.
3) In the next three years, the series of wine-making youths will experience a high rate of growth, taking into account the market opening model of the Bolivian family, which is expected to reduce the sales of white wine due to the epidemic in 2020, while the increase in volume will have a significant scale effect, management and efficiency of sales will continue to improve, and the cost of marketing will decrease marginally.
Our view is different from that of the market, which believes that, since 2017, rum has benefited from the rapid development of reforms, which has been achieved mainly by market opening and sinking, and more by fast-paced pavements, with a marked slowdown in corporate growth as the penetration rate rises; and the valuation of rum.
Higher, overstretched future longer-term performance growth. Our point of view is that we do not exclude that the company’s high performance growth in recent years has been due to market openings and downfalls, but this is in itself a way of fast-growing consumer goods, permeating in a large number of empty markets.
Higher rates are the main mode of rapid growth in consumer goods, while smooth marketing is the central driver of sustained growth for companies more than just laying goods: 1) The wine is able to deliver fast-paced products and historically depressed brands behind which high value for money is based. In the broader context of industry-stressed growth, the rise in frontline liquor markets is a long-term trend; 2) no
It's just simple handouts, where companies flatten their operations through channels, pre-cost, control channels and end marketing, and guarantee that this growth is solid, qualitative, end-of-life and consumption growth, with future sustainability determined; 3) static valuation of annual net interest rates of only 17 per cent, at a low level in the white wine industry; the market space and product mix is still wide.
In the next three years, with a 37% increase in the parent ' s net profit compound, high growth supports high valuations; and with low net interest rates, as price increases and scale effects highlight, profitability is expected to increase rapidly, taking into account market space and long lanes, and valuations are not high. The company is expected to increase by around 37% in the parent ' s net profit compound in 2020-2022, based on the company ' s growth rate and the company ' s growth rate in the next three years.
Performance elasticity is much higher than that of other brands, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 1) The risk of a second outbreak of the new crown epidemic. Given the high level of uncertainty surrounding the new crown outbreak, domestic stress on disease prevention and control increases in the context of a second outbreak abroad, the outbreak will shock the end-of-life consumption scene and consumer confidence.
2. The risk of a major economic downturn. If there is a larger economic downturn, it will affect the consumption of the white wine industry. 1 Qing Qing Qiang Dragon has a deep head, and the country is helping to revive it.
Trademarks, including the series of wines (Cyanflowers, Panama, Old Shirts, Bosin), bamboo leaves and apricot village wines.
The business dynamic has been fully stimulated, with the achievement of the industry’s high-profile “quickness” and three years of national change to over-achieving the goal of the United States of America. At a time when the brand has become more powerful, the product matrix has been flowered, nationalization has accelerated, and the wine has been revived.
With Hua Yung Group as a strategic investor, Hua Yung Shwe became the second largest shareholder in the company, holding 11.38% of the shares, and the alliance changed the “one-size-fits-all” situation that had prevailed in the past and the equity structure had improved. Moreover, many executives held direct shares, management and shareholder interests were organically unified, and the momentum for long-term development was strong.
Business structure: The company's products consist mainly of the high-end saffron series, the old platinum and the Panama series, the low-end bollium series, the health-care mackerel series, the almonds village series, etc., with a contribution of 28 per cent, 33 per cent, 30 per cent, 5 per cent, 4 per cent, respectively;
According to the sales area, as a result of the ongoing expansion of the foreign market in the current round, the rate of increase in out-of-provincial income has been much higher than in the provinces, reaching 55% in the first three quarters of 2020, and the proportion of out-of-provincial income will continue to rise in the context of solid nationalization. Performance: the “restriction of consumption by the three publics” and “anti-corruption” policies that began in 2012 have had a significant impact on the white wine industry.
After three years of deep adjustment, the white wine industry recovered slowly at the end of 2015, benefiting from the recovery of the industry and the rejuvenation of the country, with a recovery of 39.2% in the year 2016-2019; from the profit side, thanks to optimized product structure and direct price increases, the net profit of the mother was 47.4% and the profits increased significantly over the same period.
The income from the first three quarters of the epidemic hit was +13.1 per cent, of which the income from the single three seasons was +25.2 per cent, with a very bright performance; the cost end of the epidemic was well controlled, thanks to super-brand power, the profit from the previous three seasons was equal to +43.8 per cent, and the risk resistance and resilience to growth were well demonstrated under the epidemic test.
2 upgrades and splits into the main melody, with a strong and strong white man standing on 2.1, with a crowded growth of 2.1.1 and a rise in residential brands and health consciousness.
During this period, revenues and profits were maintained at a high rate of double-digit growth, with industry growth driven by high incomes and rising public consumption due to “restriction of three public consumption” and “anti-corruption” pressure growth evident in 2013-2015; at the profit end, benefits from product structure upgrades and direct price increases for white wine, industry profits grew at a significantly higher rate than the recovery rate and profitability continued.
A change in the concept of consumption is an important factor in the development of the industry, and as people's standard of living and the satisfaction of their basic material life, the concept of consumer consumption has changed from “never to nothing” in the past to “never to good”, and brand and health awareness have continued to rise. In this context, the use of alcohol and alcohol for higher prices has become more and more popular.
At the same time, with 80 years later and 90 years later becoming the main consumer of white wine, the younger generation has become more focused on quality and quality, and less sensitive to prices. White wine production has fallen, with intra-industry competition dominated.
In the context of the rapid growth of residential brands and the rapid rise of health awareness, the “low consumption of alcohol, good drinking” became a common sense of society, accompanied by “restriction of consumption by the three publics”, “anti-corruption” and “restriction of driving”, and more rational consumption of white wine, above the size of white wine. Business sales fell to a maximum of 7.86 million tons of white wine produced in 2019, compared to 0.8 per cent in 2019, and above the size of white wine businesses.
The number declined from 1563 in 2015 to 1,176 in 2019, and the industry has been transformed into a stock market, dominated by intra-industry competition and intensified competition.
Growth, with rising incomes, has led to a growing consumer capacity and a marked acceleration in consumption. At the same time, since the 2016 recovery, popular consumption has become a central driver of industry development, with 65% of consumption, while government consumption accounts for less than 5%, a healthier consumption structure for white wine, and a stronger foundation for future growth.
The country’s urbanization rate has risen steadily over the last decade, reaching 60.6% in 2019, but it is still much higher than the average rate of more than 80% in Europe and the United States, and the trend has been much higher in the long run. Moreover, as the economy moves towards high-quality development, the tertiary sector has steadily increased, and more so.
High-income jobs have emerged, driving the continued growth of middle-income and wealthier groups, and the share of wealthier and upper middle-level production is expected to rise considerably in 2022 compared to 2012. Economic volatility has diminished significantly as high-quality economic development has combined with the diversification of industrial structures and the growing number of rich people.
On the demand side: with the country’s structural diversification, economic volatility has been reduced, middle-born, rich people have grown considerably, and demand has become more robust.
At present, the big liquor companies are strengthening their control over the channels, ensuring that the channels are well stored through the use of digital scavenging systems, increasing the number of terminal handlers, quota-based precision distributions, etc. 2) distributors’ perspective. Now that the demand for white wine as a whole is not rational, distributors’ reliance on the stocking for heavy profits is no longer realistic, so there is no incentive for large-scale stock-taking.
Under pressure, the leverage from past channels of stock has weakened, and the cycle of famous wine has been significantly weakened. 2.1.3 Industry divisions have intensified, the strong and powerful have been strong, the structural prosperity has been evident, and the market has risen rapidly. Since this round of white wine recovery, “weak growth, strong scores” have been noted.
In this context, the dominance of brands and channels has become more apparent, with markets rising from 20%, 62%, to 42%, 82%, in 2019. Especially since 2017, the rise in consumer consumption has been marked by a sharp acceleration in the growth of brand names, with the share of listed companies rising rapidly.
The share of wine sales is still low and there is much room for improvement in the future. In 2019, only 13.4% of liquor sales (the main reason for the elimination of alcohol sales was that it was produced at the lower end of the market and sold at more than 40% of the volume, which would better reflect the trend in sales and ton prices), while the share of wine sales remains low and there is much room for improvement in the future.
Market liquor sales, excluding sedans, rose from 951,000 tons in 2015 to 1055,000 tons in 2019, with an average annual compound increase of only 3.4 per cent; at the same time, benefiting from direct price increases and product structural upgrades, the average ton price increased from 108,000 in 2015, with strong brand branding of alcohol taking advantage of the negative impact of the new crown epidemic in 2020.
The division of the white industry has increased. Among them, the most powerful brand power and the strong force of the fragrant poles, the “punk, five, thong, thug” growth has been highlighted as a rapid rebound after the initial control of the epidemic, with the overall pick-up at the end of the epidemic being significantly higher than the sub-high end and the real estate wine; in terms of profit, marketing costs have decreased in the case of the epidemic, and the profits of strong branding wine companies have increased significantly faster than income growth.
In contrast, the weaker brands need to retain the cost to drive the end sales, with profits growing at a much lower rate than powerful wines, and the advantage of strong brands during the branding era is evident. 2.2 High-end, sub-high-end racing is excellent, and the price of light bottles is growing faster than the price of alcohol.
At present, the white wine industry can be divided into four core price bands: high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, low-end, with significant differences in core competitiveness and drivers across price bands, with their own intrinsic developmental logic and breakdown. In the broader context of industry-stressed growth, the persistent Marta effect of the strong within the price belt continues to evolve, with a breakdown of dragons.
2.2.1 High-end lanes are excellent, brand barriers are extremely high, high-end batch prices are steadily up, and the build-up base is strong. High-end branding barriers are high and have the strongest capacity to raise prices.
High-end alcohol has continued to show a high profile since its recovery in 2016, with prices rising upwards. That is, when the epidemic hit the economy as a whole, the price of the pots rebounded quickly after the outbreak’s initial control and was re-innovated.
Up to 10 years ago, the high end was the most robust and competitive. The demand for high end alcohol, dominated by business dinners, gifts, and collections, was steadily expanded under rising incomes and a steady expansion of wealthy groups. Under the test of the impact of the new crown epidemic, it was high in the first three quarters of 2020.
Both the high-end and the profit-side performance are clearly better than the lower-end and regional poles, and performance growth is the strongest. The high-end demand for brand power makes the most clear pattern of competition for high-end white wine, including the extremely high barriers to high-end wine, where 95% of the cellars are located, and strong brand endorsements are indispensable.
But it's a matter of concern that, with the steady expansion of high-end wine, some of the companies with brand power and quality advantages are working at the higher end. From the short supply of the hot sauce and the low-subsidy table, the best brands in the wine and the 15-year-old Saffron and the State Station have taken advantage of it.
To the top: In addition to the dichotomy-like product characteristics of alcoholic insiders, master Huang Yongyu’s announcement in the cultural world in his early years created a high brand tone, and these three brands have grown rapidly in recent years. So strong brand endorsements and excellent qualities are essential if they are to be robust and effective.
It is to be hoped that the 30th Renaissance will be marketed in September 2020, relying on brand power and the ability to operate through excellent channels, and that it will take up a seat in the high-end white wine. 2.2.2 High-end strong growth and competition patterns are not yet clear
The "restriction of three public consumption" and "corruption" policies that began in late 2012 have led to a deep adjustment period for the white wine industry, which has suffered a severe shock and a sharp drop in the end of the run-off after three years of deep adjustment, with the white wine industry starting to rebound in 2015.
Subliminal power surges, increases significantly higher than the entire white industry, and displays great elasticity in performance. On the next road, on the road to Maotai-led, the Poo-Tai station is now at $2,800 + high, the five grain fluids and the cellar terminal retail prices have also reached a thousand yuan mark, and the 500-800 price belt development space has been opened, such as 30 sunflowers, 20 antiques, 60 specials, and so on for almost two years.
High-speed growth has been achieved, with three dimensions looking at the power of the sub-high price band of $500-800.
There are significant higher rates of lubricant, such as 30 saffrons and m6+, with profits of around $100 per bottle, and higher incentives for distributors and terminals; and consumer end: as incomes rise and mainstream prices move, more consumers will choose to rise further (2) and mainstream consumer prices will rise steadily.
According to the elson data, the share of the country ' s modern business in the highest-middle-end prices rose significantly in 2016-2018. In contrast to the mainstream consumption scenes such as weddings, birthdays, etc. in the Middle and East, the mainstream prices in the eastern and advanced regions of Shanghai and Jiangsu have risen by over $300, and the main prices in the central and western provinces of Henan and Sichuan have risen.
Between $150 and $200; with economic growth and rising household incomes, the rise in the consumption of white wine will be a long-term trend, continuing at the lower end (3) with a sub-high end for the deer, and an upscale for the liquor companies. Due to the rapid expansion of the sub-high end industry and the undetermined current pattern, the excellent segmenting of the track becomes a “warlord” for the individual liquor companies.
Many, depending on the nature of the competition, can be divided into the following high-end products of the high-end "B" flag; the traditional sub-high-end alcohol industry; and the next high-end products of the regional brand: the new power of the sauce at the sub-high end of the active layout. All four major brands are at the lower end of the magnification, especially the focus of the new power of the regional famous wine and sauce fragrance, which will promote further sub-high-end expansion.
Sales costs are still high and the pattern is not clear. On a year-to-year basis, the revenue base for 2015-2019, the second-highest liquor sales are still high, and industry competition is still strong. The current market share of the sub-highcr3 is less than 40%, and there is much room for improvement over the 95% share of the high-end cr3. In terms of consumption properties, the second-highest white wine is needed.
To satisfy face consumption, this determines the need for participants to have an old wine gene; but consumer brand loyalty is less than high-end alcohol, and therefore good marketing skills are indispensable. Against a backdrop of slower growth in industry, there is a higher demand for branding and channeling capabilities for participating wine companies, and future liquor companies with strong branding and excellent channels are expected to emerge.
2.2.3 Medium-end white wine has limited expansion and accelerated concentration The medium-end white wine has limited expansion and accelerated concentration. From the point of view of consumption escalation, on the one hand, part of the medium-end white wine consumption costs will rise towards sub-high prices, and on the other hand, the middle-end white wine will absorb an increase in consumption from prices below $100.
Together, they determine the growth of medium-end white wine. As more provinces move their mainstream prices to 150-300 dollars, overall, medium-end white wine is expected to increase slowly in future, and there is relatively limited room for expansion.
Head and national brand and channel advantages will accelerate the crowding out of the market for small and medium-sized alcohol. 2.2.4 Low-end liquor sales are shrinking, the price of light alcohol is rising, low-end capacity continues to shrink, and light alcohol is growing in reverse.
On the contrary, the sales of low end alcohol have continued to decline in recent years as the demand of the population has shifted upwards and the use of alcohol has declined more frequently. In contrast, light bottled alcohol, based on a pro-price advantage, has shown a downward trend, with a combined increase of about 60 billion yuan in 2017, projected to be around 15 per cent in 2017, according to the White Paper on the marketing of light bottled alcohol in China.
In the context of the price of sex and branding of wine, the price of light bottles ushers in a golden age of rapid expansion. The retail price of light bottles above $40 can be considered high-light bottles, which have been valued by more consumers and brands in the last two years.
High-line light bottles are mostly fermented by pure grain solids, with a better oral sense than low-end containers; and because of the lower cost of high-line light bottles, such as liquor packs, the value of the value is more pronounced.
In recent years, the big \triangleright famous wine company plus code layouts have promoted the development of high-light bottles of wine, such as boulders, pointers, t68 medals, and acrobats, among others.
Consumers are increasingly interested in healthy drinking and fashion drinking and are willing to spend more on higher quality.
The pattern of competition: light bottle patterns spread, high price prices and the share of light bottled wine under the flag of wine increase markedly. The industry moves into light bottle industry with low entry barriers, weak demand for brand brands and a general lack of attention to drinking and consumption, with multiple reasons leading to a more competitive pattern of light bottled wine.
As consumer brand awareness and quality awareness have increased in recent years, the light bottle has grown rapidly, with the baboons, small wines, cattle bars, and so on. The current market share of light bottle cr3 is only 24%, market concentration is low, and the trend towards high value for money and concentration of light bottled wine under brand names remains unchanged.
The price of white wine has moved steadily upwards in all stages, driven by rising consumption. The high end is robust, with a modest increase in medium-end alcohol prices and a limited overall expansion; low-end alcohol prices are rising and market capacity is shrinking. 3 brands, products, channels, and a full rise of Qing Lilong heads.
3.1 Brand: The bottom of the Qing Lilong is deep, the bottom of the brand is incomparable, the bottom of the Qing Liquor is typical, the bottom of the brand is very deep, and the gene of the brand is very deep.
The history of wine, or the poetry of "where there is a drinker, the shepherd child refers to the village of almonds" and then to the official recognition of the first State feast, as well as the industry's recognized position in the late 1980s as the "black boss," the wine leaves a lot of color in China's distant drinking culture. The wine has a deep dimension in history, official recognition, industry, etc.
Moreover, with its excellent qualities, the wine has won gold medals at five consecutive national wine fairs, its genetic depth, and its deep branding as a powerful driving force for its recovery.
There are 12 types of white wine, which are now dominant in the market.
Favourite co-ordinates and cosmopolitan cosmopolitans are a distinct feature. The varnish heat is increasingly of interest to the industry. First, the fermentation and re-cleaning process used by the varnished white wines effectively avoids impurities in the winemaking process, thus making it cleaner and healthier; moreover, the varnish white wines are used with a “clean pure and less stimulating” character and are more acceptable to young consumers.
Liquor is the absolute leader of the white wine of our nation, and of the eight most famous wines, only the wine is the white wine, which fully enjoys the differential competitive advantage of the difference in the type of perfume. 3.1.2 Creates a high-end national branding image and branding is high and high-profile.
Since the state reform in 2017, the rum has been aimed at “making a high brand, leading a culture of consumption,” highlighting its high-end national brand image by promoting “Chinese Qinghua wine” in the bones. Cyanhua cans, the Chinese symbol of the “single” book, the Chinese colour of the natural thong blue, and the Chinese colour of the three parties.
At the same time, the wine has extended the brand content of “China in the bones” from “China’s quality, Chinese nationalism, Chinese spirit” to explain not only the brand and cultural content of the Qinghua, but also the unique Chinese taste, which better inspires emotional and spiritual resonance in the heart of the consumer.
As consumer brand awareness has grown and non-core products have been cleaned up, it is urgent to complete the focus on the product lines. In 2018, the company explicitly took back all products with the word "single" and made the brand thin as soon as possible.
Cleaning up non-core products to thinner product lines, after two years of intensive and continuous clean-up, the number of corporate brands has been further optimized from about 1,200 in the past to within 500. Repository of the  development product will directly enhance the main brand image, laying a solid foundation for long-term brand renewal.
High-altitude + ground combined, and continued branding. The wine was promoted through the "high-altitude + ground" campaign. The high-altitude and visual advertising team worked in depth to tell a deep story about the history and culture of the wine by planning a long version of the story series. At the same time, the wine sponsored the China International Import Fair, the Harvard China Forum, and the world manufacturing industry.
A series of major events, such as the General Assembly, have made the sound of wine necessary for publicizing every national event, and have made a strong impression on consumers that "the world is the world's business, drinking and drinking." The ground has been active, mainly through the "walking wine" national cultural tour, and the "walking wine" campaign, which began in April 2018, has been on the run in various markets, including Shanxi, Huadong, and South China.
Where they come from, consumers can experience and feel the culture and quality of wine through activities such as a wine-trace trip, a cultural lecture hall, and a Qing Qing Qing Fong dinner. Ground-based + air organic association can guarantee stable and sustained brand exports.
Billion yuan, $1.61 billion yuan, with an average annual compound rate of 49 per cent and 52 per cent respectively; through three years of stereostypic, systematic and high-intensity promotion, the value of the brand has risen. According to China ' s 500 Most Valued Brands, published by the World Brand Laboratory, the brand value of the brand has risen from 14 billion yuan in 2016 to 37.7 billion yuan in 2019, with 243 rankings raised from 243.
At the end of 3.2, the product matrix is perfect, the green flower, the bologna are very competitive, the product matrix is perfect, and the price is fully covered.
At the top of the list are Qinghua Chinese costumes and Qinghua 30-Renewal editions, and at the lower end are Qinghua 30 and Qinghua 20, while the waist products are predominantly Panama and Old Shiraito series, and at the lower end are Bo. In addition, the Bamboo Youth series focuses on health-care alcohol, and the Apricot Village series, where the owner plays popular wine.
The product strategy is "between the two sides." Saffron 30 and Saffron 20 are strongly branded and market competitive at the sub-high end of the price belt; the bovine has a strong quality advantage in the light bottle, which has been built into the most competitive light bottle. Because of the competitiveness of the two products, companies have adopted a product strategy of "between the two sides," in which they have adopted a product strategy.
Saffrons are high-strengthed, and the bouncing culture of Qingixiang consumption fosters growth in the waist and other products. Saffrons and boars have continued to grow high over the years, forming the core driving force of corporate development.
As the five years of China’s famous wine and Qing Lilong, Qinghua has in recent years insisted on raising and promoting brand power, and has introduced the Chinese branding of Qinghua to a super-high-end extension to strengthen branding of Qing Luang's wine, which is now mainly used to promote high brand image. As the branding of the Qing Luang is flourishing, the series of Qinghua rose by more than 50% in 2017-2019, with the impact of the new crown in 2020.
In the last three quarters, growth remained high at more than 30%, and performance was remarkable in the sub-high-end price belt. Saffron 30 controls raised its brand, and Saffron 20 fast-disbursings took up their share. The bulk of the current spread is Saffron 30 and Saffron 20, which have a strong competitive advantage in the sub-high-end price segment.
The high-end mainstream consumer-price belt, with 20 brands of Xinghua, is now a strong competition for 350-500 yuan. The bounties continue to grow, playing a role in the culture of Qingixiang.
In addition to the high and sustained growth, which rose from about 800 million yuan in 2014 to about 3.5 billion yuan in 2019, with a high annual compound growth rate of 34%, which has contributed significantly to overall growth. In addition, the high frequency of consumer consumption due to prices to the pro-people population has led the Bolivians to assume the major task of fostering a culture of Qingixiang consumption.
Propaganda is now the most price-effective high-light bottle, and its growth is due to: 1) brand power, 5 years of Chinese brandy, and the classic image of the bogus in the old generation.
Consumers are extremely impressed with a good consumer base; (2) products are highly powerful and produce pure grain solidity, with a strong quality advantage in the same price and a very high value for money; (3) channel profits are significant, and despite the small difference between the profits of a single bottle of bovine and his bottle of light alcohol, the bovine is well marketed, and the turnover rate of the product is significantly higher than that of the competition, and the profits of the channel are combined.
Panama's contribution is increasing, and the old ones are still adjusting. Panama and the old ones are concentrating on their waist products, and the old ones are concentrated in the provinces, with problems of profit transparency and product ageing, and limited growth in the future.
The launch of the Panama Gold Award series, launched in September 2018, not only enriched the company’s product lines, but also made a higher price and channel profit in the Panama series than in the old days, a good solution to the problem of the ageing of the old white man’s products and the lack of incentive, and an effective response to the need to upgrade the structure of the old white man’s products in the first three quarters of 2020.
The new Panama series has also begun to be imported into the market around the mountain, opening up the space for growth of products in the waist. The future benefits from the introduction of green flowers and brand power into the market around the mountain, and growth in Panama and old whites is expected to accelerate.
In the last two years, growth has been faster with strong corporate growth, with the harvest rising from 170 million yuan in 2016 to 550 million in 2019, with interest rates rising steadily. Currently, the company has launched a two-wheel-drive strategy to raise the price of $600 million to build a healthy industry.
In September 2020, the high-end Saffron 30-Recovery was placed on the market, and the Renaissance 5-food fluids and guests on sale and location were new strategic products focused on breeding and planning for high-end release. The Saffron 30-Renewal Body is of better quality.
Packaging is more atmosphere-friendly, and a highly recognizable version of the revival will further lift the overall brand image of the gin and fill the gap in the past with the lack of high-end monoliths, and the future space is to be expected.
3.3.1 Introduction of a team-based system that fully motivates the marketing workforce senior sales leaders to take up their new positions and to set the direction of their plans.