Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
On 27 October 2020, the company issued a three-quarterly report, which generated operating income of $5.704 billion, an increase of 26.22 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net return profit of $968 million, an increase of 59.36 per cent over the previous three quarters;
The net non-mortality profit was $931 million, an increase of 57.72 per cent over the previous year. The company was operating well, with a significant increase in cash inflows. The company q3 raised 2,290 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 34.46 per cent over the same period and a net return of $309 million over the same period, an increase of 44.05 per cent over the same period.
The increase is mainly due to increased revenues from software development and engineering services, and the installation of a hangar on the 4-phase cloud bodc project. 1. " Idc tap acceleration -- national gold communications -- Treasure letter software " . In addition, based on new revenue recognition guidelines, this year ' s company ' s software development and engineering services operations
Some of the revenue recognition changes from a percentage of completion progress to an overall receipt of the project at the time of receipt and inspection of the customer’s project. Operating cash inflows in the amount of $1.4 billion represent an increase of 60% over the same period, reflecting a firm’s strong financial management capacity.
In Shanghai, the company's Treasure Project has been expanding its replenishment and continues to expand in Nanjing, Taikang, and the announcement plans for 17,500 new cabinets. The company's deep-deep steel industry has info-based mes software over 50% of the country's iron and steel industry, and the industry is well-established and moving to transport and transport.
The share of revenues from company-related transactions has declined from about 40% in the previous five years to less than 25% in the near future, and the future of dual ownership is expected to open up revenue and increase profits and cash flows. Downstream demand is high, the intelligent manufacturing industry is upgraded, and corporate idc+ iron and steel information is driven by two wheels of the future.
idc is the cornerstone of the cloud computing and digital transformation, and China’s idc is still growing fast compared to the United States, and is expected to maintain a 30% compound growth rate over the next three years. The tightness of the idc policy in the first line of cities and the long-term benefits for companies that rely on large shareholders’ shares of precious steel to have a resource advantage in Shanghai, such as land, utilities, etc.
With internal M&A integration and the growth of the iron and steel information market, the company has become a leader in the domestic steel industry, opening up industrial software and intelligent manufacturing, and generating revenues from software development will continue to grow. We anticipate that the company will have about 30% of idc operations cagr and 25% of software operations over the next three years.
And we keep looking at corporate idc and iron and steel information business development prospects, keeping up with the previous profit forecast, precipitous, Internet vendor idc with less demand than expected, and the iron and steel industry with less information spending than expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment