Treasure letter software (600845) for the third quarter of 2020 reported a sharp increase in performance in the first three quarters, and continued to look after the development of the two major industries.
Events: company reports issued in the first three quarters of 2020, operating revenue of $5.704 billion increased by 26.22 per cent in the first three quarters and net profit returns of $968 million increased by 59.36 per cent in the previous quarter.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved $5.704 billion in operating income, compared to Rhodesbin, a research assistant.
In general, the company ' s performance in the first three quarters continued to grow at a rapid pace, mainly due to increased revenues from software development and engineering services, as well as to the increase in the number of hangars on the 4th Phase of the Treasure Windc project over the same period of the previous year. In addition, the company first implemented its new accounting standards in 2020.
Some of these operations in software development and engineering services are required by the guidelines to recognize revenue from the percentage method of completion as recognition of the project’s overall income at the time of receipt and inspection of the client’s project. The Māori rate and net interest rate have risen steadily, and operating cash flows have increased significantly.
On 27 October 2020, 3.34 percentage points, profitability continued to increase.
Net operating cash flows in the first three quarters reached $1.409 billion, representing a significant increase of 60.91 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly due to the expansion of corporate sales in December and increased operating profits, as well as the strengthening of operating fund management to cover bill balances
In December, the lowest price ($) continues to be for corporate idc and software development. In the idc business, the company plans to move forward with five phases of construction, with an estimated 105,000 6kw cabinets, while actively promoting Wuhan, Nanking, etc.
The project, of which the Great Steel Data three-phase project is expected to provide a total of 18,000 cabinets, the Nanjing Mae base is expected to provide 7,000 6kw cabinets. As the above-mentioned project continues to be delivered, the company will have more than 60,000 mobile phone cabinets with sufficient motivation to develop.
The business, the market share of Mes software in the domestic steel industry is more than 50% and the industry is in a strong position, and it is expected to continue to benefit from information adaptation and integration needs within the group, while keeping in mind that companies continue to break through orders from the group's external steel companies.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.