Idc project gradually released and performance continued to grow rapidly Events: recent third quarter forecast by companies, with net return profits increasing compared to the same period in the previous year
1. Rapid growth in net profits and continued high performance q3 of which net returns were achieved in the first quarter of q3 of the year
Taking advantage of the new capital opportunities, the Idc project released the Idc project to boost performance, which continues to grow at a high rate. Treasure Clouds four projects are in the advanced stages of construction, and the number of projects delivered in the first half of the year continues to rise, effectively driving the company’s performance release.
Taking advantage of the new capital opportunities, fully expanding the capacity of the idc, laying the foundation for sustained growth, and building on the consolidation of the stock/flow (million shares) of the Hairo base, focusing on advancing the implementation of the five phases of Treasure Clouds, the Wu Yu Industrial Park,
Projects such as the Maesan base (millions of dollars) are actively developing the layout of the conglomerate nodes, with sufficient energy to grow in the future. This is the core of the sea, gradually expanding the idc market in Wuhan, Nanking, etc., as it is built in the future.
The project has gradually landed, and performance has continued to grow. The company insists on a deep-farming industry market for large clients, and the Treasure News software (600845), the “New Capital” owners, are mainly large clients, such as Stewardship, Ali, 360, long-term contracts and guaranteed landing rates.
3. Continuing deep-farming intelligent manufacturing, expanding industrial goods networking - 2020/09/03, taking advantage of opportunities for industrial upgrading of the intelligent manufacturing industry, continues to strengthen the industrial Internet “Cloud Plus Plus”
End-of-pipe deployment capability. Strengthen the design of the top Xin3plat Internet platform for the bovine industry, actively explore the path to the evolution of the traditional steel-smart architecture to the industrial Internet “cloud edge” synergy, and continue to develop and improve the industrial interconnection platform, iplat, and the industrial ecology platform, eplat.
Promote full integration of R & D and business, along with the development of the "Store as a Smart" 5s large data technology component, supporting the development of demonstration projects related to large data centres. Strengthen core technologies for intelligent manufacturing such as clustering, artificial intelligence, network security, 5g+ steel
Research and application to build core competitiveness around innovation, with a focus on the development of an iron-interconnected intellectual table (high furnace) demonstration project to achieve effective iron-interconnected intellectual capability in steel factories through the development of a steel industry-based industrial Internet, large quantities and artificial intelligence applications
The three most important elements of future idc development are, in our view, the deep binding of customers.
Households have an advantage in financing costs, and wholesales are guaranteed in comparison to retail sales. We have a good view of the company’s wholesale model, which has an advantage in terms of both energy consumption targets and financing costs, and is not expanding the idc as expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report