• Business development summary: net return on investment, net interest income increase, leading to higher performance on a year-on-year basis
The company’s better self-employed performance is due mainly to a similar recovery. Second, the company’s net interest earnings increased from $49 million to $334 million during the reporting period, and the ipo’s booming growth led to an increase in investment income.
Ten ipo projects have been completed, amounting to $5,879 million, with insurance costs of $433 million. 140 companies have been ranked first in the industry. If the current pace of business is maintained, the public sector ' s ipo business will continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year, contributing to the growth of investment income.
In one quarter, the investment generated revenues of $711 million, an increase of 9.11 per cent over the same period. Brokering has grown steadily, and intelligent investment has progressed significantly. In one quarter, the market share of corporate stock-based transactions was 4.34 per cent, with a slight increase in the ring ratio, a slight decline in the same year.
By the end of last year, the robot had more than 250,000 users, a cumulative portfolio of about 520,000 and a cumulative portfolio of about 55,000.
The company will build a wealth-management biosphere based on user-use scenarios that achieve multi-stakeholder benefits for investors, product suppliers, strategic suppliers, and smart investment platforms. Investment strategies: good corporate risk management and innovative and market-based genes will help the public.
The Division shares more dividends from the long-term development of the securities sector. Broad issuance of securities as a high-quality, promising medium- and long-term investment target deserves special attention. Companies have grown faster in recent years, and last year's performance has entered the first line of the industry.
Figure 1: Summary of business income projections for companies The rating system's “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific range of recommended and rated products are assigned a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.