Corporate Review — New accounting standards affecting short-term financial performance, permanent electronics (60570.sh)
Keeping an eye on the company's long-term growth value is $4,173 million, an increase of 7.77 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother is $1,322 million, a decrease in the same amount.
The underlying reason for the new accounting standards affecting the company's performance in the short term is the company's implementation of the new revenue standards, with the original “completed percentage method”
Adjusted to recognize revenue at the customer's “time point to gain control over the relevant commodity”, corporate systems, flat-table projects are more affected by the adjustment of accounting standards and delays in the recognition of corporate business receipts during the reporting period. In addition, companies have been affected by regional contagion factors over the past year by business outreach, projects, etc.
Thank you very much: Prince Road has been affected in terms of implementation and project delivery. At the same time, the company has not changed much in the reporting period due to caution and has had long-term growth potential: (1) corporate contractual liabilities
The number of orders remained high; (2) net operating cash flows amounted to $1,398 million, corresponding to an increase of 30.55 per cent, operating cash flows to $5.330 billion, the highest level, and companies maintained good operations and fundamentals.
During the reporting period, the company continued to promote a “six-way-by-six” business structure, with revenues including a core trading system, an investment management system, an integrated financial management system and related areas, while the company continued to grow deep into the product system, bringing it closer to the international leading financial technology giant.
In addition to this, the Department has been increasing its investment in technology research and development, strengthening the industrial eco-strategic layout and increasing the internationalization of the company ' s industry in terms of revenue from its data operations, wealth management, etc.
In the reporting period, the company M&As consolidated the original data centre; The holding of the goldner software, the consolidation of the company trading system, and the strengthening of the algorithmic area; The M&A insurance, and the entry of the business into the insuranceit area. At the same time, the company continues to promote the environmental aspects of financial science and technology.
At the same time, the company strengthens the internationalization and signs a strategic cooperation agreement with Finastra, building on the fusioninvest software and further developing domestic financial institutions, operations, and technologies by absorbing them.
An autonomous intellectual property system that is more compatible with the technological architecture. Investment advice companies are leading domestic financial IT firms, and given the trend of the country’s macro-environment to support capital market innovation and encourage openness to the outside world, the financialit sector is promising.
The gradual diversification of the corporate industry is expected to bring new business growth points to the company. Pre-e/pb-bands p-bands
Figure 1: Operating income and growth rate of the same year
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research. Master of Science, University of Gangan, and Bachelor of Science, University of Gangan; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2016; and a member of the new wealth-entering team in 2016.