投资决策
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
潜在回报: 30%
新零售模式：借助云商平台重获控制权；强力买入（摘要）
建议理由
很难想像一家企业要将近半盈利交予经销商，但贵州茅台就是这样。许多与我们交
流的投资者都认为其分销渠道拿走了过多的利润。茅台现在正在解决这一问题，方
法就是通过“新零售”模式来将一大部分销售转移至云商平台。我们认为这应该会
在中长期内给公司带来实实在在的益处，包括改善定价能力，平滑盈利增速，因为
在这种模式下供需更加匹配，并能带来新的收入机会。鉴于此，我们将目标估值倍
数上调至 25 倍 2021 年预期市盈率，并重申我们对于公司持续调整业务模式以及再
创价值的乐观看法。
主要数据
推动因素
股价(Rmb)
茅台已经成功地将茅台酒的消费主体从政府部门转至个人领域，但时至今日其分销
市值(Rmb mn / US$ mn)
体系几乎未有任何变革，这影响了公司的定价能力、稳定价格以及有效调整供应的
外资持股比例(%)
能力、使之难以真正了解最终消费者并阻碍了公司进军新市场。
不过,现在公司的新零售模式强制性要求分销商将手中30%配额放上茅台云商平
台，这将加强茅台对于经销商的控制权，使公司能更规律地持续上调出厂价、挤出
经销商的过高盈利并显著提升自身盈利水平。在我们的两个持续提价情景下（每年
上调 10%/15%), 估值将提升约每股 211/311 元。
新零售模式还能更好地匹配供需、提高透明度，帮助公司了解最终是谁、在哪里购
买了茅台酒。这有助于遏制因为区域错配而造成的存货堆积和供应短缺。
我们维持盈利预测不变。由于我们将估值切换到 18 年并将目标倍数从 23 倍上调
2018年预期市盈率。强力买入。
主要风险
宏观经济增速放缓抑制白酒销售,对政府部门白酒消费的政令监管。
所属投资名单
亚太买入名单
亚太强力买入名单
行业评级: 中性
存在业务关系，并且继续寻求发展这些关系。因此，投资者应当考虑到本公司可能存在可能影响本报告客观性的利益冲突，不应视本报告
信息披露附录，或请与您的投资代表联系。
投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
贵州茅台:
财务数据概要
对此报告有贡献的人员
廖绪发, CFA
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Contents
Moutai's distribution conundrum
Having successfully navigated the transition from chiefly government-driven consumption to
private consumption, Kweichow Moutai's earnings are in many ways still captive to its distribution
channels. 90% of its product is sold by third parties via franchise distributors and franchise stores
and only 10% is sold directly by the company. This dependence on third party distributors has
three key challenges. First, the retail price of Moutai is volatile, with distributors acting not
only as intermediaries but as speculators, hoarding bottles of the spirit as prices rise and then
offloading them as prices start to fall- accentuating price movements in each direction. Second,
Moutai finds it tough to raise its ex-factory prices (i.e., those charged to distributors) in a
consistent fashion because of volatile end-prices. Third, it has limited information about the
end consumers of its product, hamstringing tailored promotion and brand building efforts. In
recent times, with rising retail prices for the premium beverage, this dynamic has led to an
bottle of Moutai bought in the high street, Kweichow Moutai takes gross profit of c. Rmb760,
Distributors Rmb580, and Retailers Rmb100. This profit accruing to Distributors seems
disproportionately large, and their gross margin (currently at 45%) is certainly way above the
historical average of 23%.
Source: Company data
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Summary: Leveraging E-Commerce to boost and smooth earnings
Kweichow Moutai announced in August 2017 that distributors and specialty stores should sell at
least 30% of their remaining annual quotas via the Moutai Cloud E-com Platform at a price of
Rmb1,299/bottle. The strategy worked well to alleviate short term rising pressure on Moutai's
retail price. Also in mid-November, management indicated this policy will continue in 2018 and
might be optimized, according to industry news agency Jiuyejia (Nov. 9).
More importantly, however, we think the new model will bring long-term positives in addressing its
distributor conundrum — including better pricing power, more stable retail prices, more price
hikes to tap a larger profit pool and more revenue opportunities by harvesting data on consumer
demand. That said, since there is limited visibility on exactly what the effects of the strategy will
be on earning, we do not yet revise our earnings.
However, we do give Moutai credit for the improvements in pricing power and earnings visibility
set out below - raising our target multiple to 25x from 23x. We also roll forward by
discounting 2021E P/E back to 2018E (previously discount back to 2017). Our 12-month target
price rises 18% to Rmb881. To frame the opportunity if Moutai can fully leverage its strategy, we
also set out two bull case scenarios for sustainable price hikes over the next four years. The
first assumes a 10% annual price hike - offering a further Rmb211 to valuation and the second a
15% annual price hike – offering Rmb311 on top of our base case valuation. Blue Sky: We also
provide a case study of Hermes, as a manufacturer of scarce luxury goods with strong pricing
power- which has traded at an average 33x forward PE over the past 10 years and has seen
consistent earnings growth.
Key benefits of the new retail model
Better price control
Under Moutai's new 30% quota for products to be sold online, price is determined by Moutai
(Rmb1,299 now). This stabilizes retail prices and assists demand. It also provides better data on
customer orders, allowing better matching of supply with demand and providing less room for
stock piling, and smoothing price volatility. Moreover, the company will know the exact geographic
locations of consumers, so that it can adjust its sales quotas in different regions more efficiently. It
can better adjust order execution, shipment and even product packaging timing based on online
data.
Price hikes
We think with greater pricing power the company can be able to hike ex-factory price more
regularly in future, thereby boosting earnings.
Expanding the revenue pool
With better demand-supply matching more untapped demand can be fulfilled and there should be
fewer shortages due to regional misallocation. Fake 'Moutai' sold by third party imitators can also
be replaced with the real thing as products sold online via its Cloud platform are supplied by
distributors certified by the Moutai Company — giving consumers greater trust in these products
and boosting demand.
Access to big data on consumers
The move online should boost the number of individual customers as fewer bottles can be
ordered online than taken via the traditional offline distributor channel. The company expects
online customers to reach 3mn, from the current 250k. This will allow Moutai to get a better
picture of its customers and allow it to tailor its product and marketing, based on consumers'
preferences. This will be particular so among the younger demographic (25-35 yrs old) who make
up 50% of sales on Moutai Clould E-com. Understanding these customers could allow the
company to increase its penetration among the younger population and tap into a rising consumer
group.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Investment case in a nutshell – Reiterate Buy (CL)
We reiterate our Buy (Conviction list) on Kweichow Moutai on several key drivers: (1) sustainable
high end spirit demand growth, driven by rising numbers of people in the affluent and upper
middle income population cohorts in China; (2) tight supply/demand balance in the next three
years due to limited base spirit available, which drives upside to ASP; and (3) higher earnings
visibility and pricing power thanks to the "new retail" model.
Key catalysts to watch in the next few quarters include: the annual distributor meeting on 18th
operating results are also key to watch (2016 operating result were out Dec 23, 2016).
Dissecting Moutai's sales channels and profit pool
Distribution dominated by franchisees
Kweichow Moutai's current sales channel consists of a distribution layer and a retail layer, where
the former gets product directly from the company itself while consumers are supplied by the
distribution channel. There are four main distribution channels. The biggest two, accounting for c.
90% of Moutai's revenue in 1H17, are:
(1) Franchise distributors, who are the main distribution channel;
(2) Franchise stores. Some franchise stores are owned and supplied by franchise distributors;
others are supplied by the company. Currently the company has 2800+ distributors, including
1600+ franchise stores.
The remaining 10% comes from:
(3) E-com channels conducted through Moutai E-com Company (in which Moutai owns a 25%
stake), which includes a B2C model (operated and supplied by Moutai company). In 2016 about
1% of revenue was from the B2C model.
(4) Self-owned stores, these are stores owned and supplied by the company. Given there are
only 30+ self-owned stores, we estimate that revenue contribution from this channel is only 1% of
total revenue.
(5) Offline direct sales, including customized products through Moutai Customization Company,
and sales with permission notes written by management and sold directly at the distillery. These
combined together contributes about 8% of Moutai's total revenue.
Source: Company data
Below the distribution channel layer are offline retail terminals (supermarkets and stores,
tobacco and alcohol shops and restaurants, etc.), and online retail platforms (B2C) conducted by
distributors, or O2O operated via the Moutai Cloud E-com platform). Product in these channels is
supplied by distributors and sold to consumers.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Who buys Moutai?
Apart from individual consumers, the other main major type of consumer is group buying,
referring to corporate customers who tend to buy in larger volume. Group buying customers tend
to purchase directly from distributors or franchise stores, at group sale prices, which are at a
discount to the retail price. According to our channel checks, group buying accounts for 60-70%
of Moutai's sales, mostly corporates.
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Distributors taking an outsized chunk of the profit margin
With wholesale and retail prices of Feitian Moutai has risen significantly in the past year, but the
ex-factory price unchanged, distributors of Moutai are earning huge margins.
In the online channel, mainly Moutai Cloud, distributor sell Feitian Moutai at the company
guided retail price of Rmb1,299, which is Rmb480 above the ex-factory price.
In the offline channel, distributors sell Feitian Moutai at the wholesale price, which is about
Rmb1,400 currently, Rmb580 above ex-factory price. We estimate the distribution system earns a
total gross profit of Rmb28.7bn, or about 63% of Moutai spirit gross profit. We estimate that
distributors earn total net profit of Rmb20.5 bn, or about 92% of Moutai spirit net profit in 2017.
Exhibit 6: Moutai's wholesale price is Rmb581 above ex-
factory price in the offline channel
Feitian Moutai's price/bottle in the online Cloud platform
Feitian Moutai's price/bottle in offline channels
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Exhibit 7: Moutai distributors' gross profit is about 63%
Exhibit 8: And their net profit is about 92% of the
that of Moutai spirit
company
Moutai spirit's gross profit distribution (2017E)
Moutai spirit's net profit distribution (2017E)
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Source: Company data
Moutai strikes back
We think it is unreasonable that distributors are earning almost as much net profit as the company
does. Historically, the average distributor GP margin was 23%, whereas it is now 45%. We expect
the company to take back some channel profits by hiking the ex-factory price of Feitian Moutai in
September 2018.
However, more importantly, the key to its ability to raise its ex-factory price consistently
will be its move into the cloud — which distributors may find hard to resist. We explain this in
detail in the next section.
Difficult for competitors to replicate the model
We think Moutai will be able to successfully build out its new retail model as already more than
2800 distributors and specialty stores (ie, the vast majority) have joined the Moutai Cloud
Platform, and we expect more will in future – including new distributors. This huge number of
distributors and specialty stores constitutes a comprehensive, deeply penetrated and connected
sales network.
Competitors would find it nigh-on impossible to replicate Moutai's distribution network in our view,
because of Moutai's outsized bargaining power vs distributors due to its strong brand image,
limited supply of the drink, and the wide slice of the margin accruing to distributors at present.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
New retail model set to change the balance of power
We think its "New Retail Model" will over time allow Moutai to wrestle back control
over pricing – paving the way for sustainable capability to increase ex-factory prices
and smooth earnings.
Moutai successfully navigated the transition to building a customer base driven by private
consumption, rather than one driven by government consumption. However, its sales channel has
not been updated – until now.
Distribution channels in need of refreshment
The current distribution model has three main disadvantages:
(1) Moutai still relies heavily on distributors, meaning it has limited visibility on the inventory in the
distribution network, and can exert only limited control over wholesale and retail prices
(2) Big customers and speculators tend to stockpile inventory when the price is rising, which can
make it difficult for general consumers to get hold of a bottle. Moreover when the price starts to
fall, speculators offload their stock —accentuating price volatility on both the way up and the way
down. (Exhibit 11)
(3) Moutai has little information of who bought Moutai and on consumer characteristics – meaning
it finds it difficult to tailor its marketing and promotion efforts.
E-Commerce provides the tonic
We believe its new retail model, spearheaded by the Moutai Cloud E-com Platform, can address
these disadvantages, and set the groundwork for the company to raise its ex-factory prices –
claiming back a larger share of the profit pool from distributors.
That said, we think it is too early to build in any direct effect on earnings yet – but we do give
Moutai credit for the improvements in pricing power and earnings visibility— raising our target
multiple to 25x from 23x.
In the following pages we first explain Moutai's new strategy and then set out the potential
benefits flowing to the company
Source: Company data
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Explaining Moutai's E-com platform
The Structure of Moutai's E-commerce channels
All of Moutai's E-com businesses, including eMaotai, flagship stores and Moutai Cloud E-com
platform, are operated by Kweichow Moutai Group E-commerce Company, which is 35% owned
by Moutai Group (parent of list-co) and 25% owned by the list-co.
Source: Company data
Moutai's E-com businesses include a B2C model and an O2O model and it's important to note the
different between the two.
B2C E-com business was established as early as 2010, including self-owned E-com
platforms eMaotai.com, Weishang (eMaotai on Wechat), as well as various Moutai
flagship stores on 3rd party E-com platforms like Alibaba and JD.com. So far, however, in
terms of revenue contribution, B2C only accounts for 1%. Of more importance in our
view, these B2C platforms are information release centers and brand builders, aimed at
promoting Moutai and acquiring more potential consumers, according to management.
O20 business (Moutai Cloud E-com Platform), was established in recent years as a
product information platform and additional distribution channel. Consumers place their
orders online but the orders will be filled by a distributor nearby, which is assigned
automatically by the Cloud E-com platform based on location.
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Moutai Cloud: the cornerstone of Moutai's new retail strategy
Moutai announced in Aug 2017 that distributors and specialty stores should sell at least 30% of their
remaining quotas for 2017 through Moutai Cloud at a price of Rmb1,299/bottle. The strategy worked
well to alleviate short term rising pressure on Moutai's retail price, but has much deeper and long term
implications on Moutai's channel strategy, in our view.
Moutai Cloud E-com Platform leveraged the resources of 2,000+ distributors and 1,500+ specialty
stores to enable faster and more efficient fulfillment of online orders. At the same time,
distributors registered on the platform are endorsed by Moutai Company and therefore may
appear more trustworthy to consumers. Consumers can order online and get the product as soon
as possible; they can get the product in the mail or pick it up at nearby distributor stores.
We think Moutai Cloud E-com Platform is the cornerstone of Moutai's new retail strategy,
because through this platform Moutai is able to move a significant portion (30%+) of its sales
online (vs only 2-3% online penetration rate of alcohol in China).
Key benefits include obtaining more consumer preference data for analysis, making channel
pricing and inventory more transparent, stabilizing pricing system and increasing the company's
pricing power. We elaborate on the benefits in the next section.
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
Soaring transaction values on E-Comm platforms
According to management, total sales on B2C platforms were c. Rmb480mn in 2016, made up
from 64k orders. Total visitors to eMaotai.com were 8mn, with 12mn clicks. Total membership is
740k. Revenue in 1Q17 was Rmb390mn, up 875% yoy.
Total transaction value on the Moutai Cloud E-com Platform was Rmb2.3bn in 2016, made up
from 30k+ orders. There were 732 offline stores and 150k members as end of 2016.
According to industry media TJKX, total transaction value of Moutai Cloud E-com Platform
reached Rmb1.12 bn in 1Q17, already nearly half of 2016 transaction value. Management
expects total transaction value in 2017 to reach Rmb8bn, up 250%+ yoy.
We estimate that the total transaction value of Moutai's E-com platforms will reach Rmb10bn in
2017. If the current policy of 30% distributor quota going online remains unchanged, we believe
this might rise to Rmb25.5bn for 2018. If we factor in other online sales conducted by distributors
on various e-com platforms, we think Moutai's online sales penetration rate would be 35%+,
ranking it the highest in the industry.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
How moving online will benefit Moutai
(1) Increase control over, and stabilize, channel prices
As discussed above, Moutai's wholesale and retail prices have been volatile — chiefly because it
has exerted little control over distributors' inventory levels. When the retail price of Moutai is
trending up, distributors tend to stockpile inventory in expectation of price appreciation. When the
retail price declines, distributors tend to dump their inventory and precipitate the price decrease.
We think Moutai's new retail model will fundamentally change this situation. For the 30% quota
sold online, the price is determined by Moutai (Rmb1,299 now). Moreover, as the company now
has data on customer orders, future distributor quotas can be allocated based on actual demand
rather than that reported by distributors (who have an incentive to over-order),
allowing
supply to be better matched to demand, and allowing much less room for stockpiling.
The effects are immediate. When Moutai announced on Aug 14, 2017 that distributors should sell
at least 30% of their remaining quota in 2017 via its E-com platform, the retail price of Moutai fell
from Rmb1,500+ to Rmb1,300-1400 in less than a month, reflecting the effectiveness of the New
Retail model in stabilizing retail price. Should the company increase the quota online to 50%, the
control on retail price would be even stronger.
A note on Supply. Adding new supply takes time as Moutai takes at least five years to reach
maturity. Current supply is limited by the supply laid down at the beginning of the crackdown on
graft that started about five years ago. Recent moves by the company to boost output will come to
fruition only in three to four years' time.
(2) More flexible production and distribution schedule
Currently Moutai's sales model is based on a planned mechanism, through which the company
allocate each distributor's annual quota ex-ante. Distributors place orders monthly while the
company controls the pace shipments according distributor orders.
We think this model tends to mismatch supply and demand. For example, if we look at the annual
quota allocation plan in a certain year (we use 2012 as an example), Guizhou and Beijing were
the top two regions, accounting for 15%/10% of total sales volume. Given that Guizhou's GDP is
only 1.5% of China's total GDP (albeit the home of Moutai), we think that there might be some
mismatch there. While the company has been actively adjusting the quota allocation since then,
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
we believe this has been relatively slowly compared with the fast transition of the consumption
base.
We think the new retail model can help the company: (1) more easily acquire the exact
geographic locations of consumers, so that it could adjust its sales quotas in different regions
more efficiently, and (2) better adjust the timing of order execution, shipments and even product
packaging based on online data.
Source: Company data
(3) Access to big data – building a nuanced picture of customers
We think Moutai's new retail model will give Moutai access to big data on their consumers,
allowing them to build a better picture of consumer profiles and better target their marketing and
promotion:
By requiring distributors to allocate at least 30% of their quota on the Moutai Cloud E-
com Platform, the number of individual consumers is likely to increase - as online sales
are usually limited to 2 or 5 bottles per order, rather than bulk orders direct from
distributors. The company expects the number of Moutai Cloud members to reach 3mn,
from the current 250k.
With online orders, the company can access basic information such as order size and
product type. Accumulation of this data will enable the company to better adjust product
and marketing, like targeted promotions and newsfeeds to the Moutai Cloud E-com app,
based on individual consumer's preferences.
From data released by Tmall.com, young consumers (<35 yrs old) account for more than 50% of
Moutai's E-com platform. These young consumers will be the majority of Moutai's total consumers
in future, so it is very useful to understand their preferences now.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Source: Tmall.com
(4) Improve channel efficiency
The Moutai Cloud E-com Platform can also help the company better manage its distributors and
improve channel efficiency. After joining the cloud platform, distributors and specialty stores have
access to real time data on payment, shipment and distribution.
Distributors also have free access to ERP/CRM system, so that they can save cost related to
information system. Furthermore, distributors on the platform also have access to consumer data
and can therefore make more targeted sales promotions. Also, for distributors and specialty
stores, being listed on the cloud platform is effectively an endorsement that can boost credibility
among consumers.
(5) Expand the revenue pool for Moutai
We think Moutai's new retail model might also expand the revenue pool of Moutai. Not only can
untapped demand be fulfilled with better matching with supply, but we also think shortages will be
less of a problem due to ironing out regional misallocation.
Another happy by-product might also be replacement of sales of 'fake Moutai' (of which there is a
great deal, in our view) with the real thing. Because products sold on the cloud platform are
supplied by distributors who are certified by the Moutai Company, consumers should place
greater trust in these products - boosting demand.
In addition, by gaining more data on young consumers and understanding more about them, the
company might further increase the penetration of Moutai among the younger demographic and
tap into a rising consumer group.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
What the new retail model doesn't change
While the new retail model might have relieved some pressure on rising price for the beverage in
the short term, it does not fundamentally change the situation of supply shortage over the next 2-
3 years — which is determined by strong demand and Moutai's production capacity limit 5 years
ago (which will mature for consumption over the next couple of years).
The new retail model does not change the customer composition of Moutai — that is, enterprise
customers make up the majority of Moutai's purchasers by volume, meaning business
entertainment demand will be the chief driver of demand for moutai.
In the long term, we think moutai's retail price should go up in line with the rising disposable
income of urban employees, consistent with mgmt's strategy of trying to make Moutai affordable
for common citizens (who may only buy one bottle a year for the lunar new year). We expect the
affordability of the drink (urban employee monthly disposable income / Moutai retail price) to
remain above the historic average (3.3x) in the next few years, meaning the retail price will
increase largely in line with citizens' rising income.
Moutai supply surplus / shortage analysis
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Company data; note: we assume Rmb1300 / 1500 / 1600 retail price in 2017-19E.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Issues that still need to be resolved
Consumer E-commerce experience needs to improve
The mobile app of Moutai Cloud E-com Platform is a low frequency app selling a limited range of
products. It is not necessarily logical for consumers to keep such an app on their phone when
he/she can buy the same product on Taobao or JD.com for the same price. Moreover, given
limited investment in the app relative to sites such as Taobao or JD.com, the user experience on
the Moutai Cloud E-com app is underwhelming, in our view: response time is slow and it is not
easy to find out where to buy Moutai. In addition, consumers cannot buy in large volumes on the
app: orders on the cloud platform are initially limited to 5 bottles (sometimes even only 2 bottles),
so most group buying customers would still need to go offline.
version of the Moutai Cloud E-com app, which should be easier to use and focus more on value-
add services — such as information on promotional releases and professional consulting services
(ie, which drinks to select for entertaining clients).
Control over distributors is more difficult when prices are falling
Moutai's control over distributors is more effective when the price is in an upcycle. As demand is
strong and supply is controlled by Moutai, the company can force distributors to sell online.
However, when prices are in a down cycle, it will be more difficult for the company to control
distributors, who can sell offline more cheaply. In such a situation, the company would have to
adjust online price in line with offline price.
Online-offline arbitrage
We learned through our channel checks that some distributors place orders on Moutai Cloud E-
com Platform but then filled that order themselves in order to meet the obligation to make 30% of
sales online quickly, and even arbitrage on the price gap between online and offline. The
consequence is that retail consumers still cannot get hold of the products. The company will need
to improve its consumer identity certification process to cope with this problem.
Balancing interests of distributors
A key consideration is not to alienate or over-penalize distributors. As orders on the cloud
platform are dispatched automatically according to distance, some distributors worry that they
may lose important clients. In response to this concern, the company has come up with an order
code mechanism, whereby a client can place an order on the cloud platform with a code supplied
by his distributor: the order is then directed to that distributor. In this way distributors can maintain
relationships with key clients that they might have had for many years. As distributors are still the
main sales channel for Moutai, it's important to balance their interests. However, this mechanism
might also make it difficult for retail consumer to buy online as much of the online sales are taken
by large customers.
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Longer term options for building on E-Commerce
Expand product categories
As discussed earlier, it makes little sense for consumers to use the Moutai app if only a limited
number of products can be bought on it. At the moment, the company offers other products on the
cloud platform, like Guizhou Tea, liqueurs, etc. In the future more product types could be added,
creating more revenue source from existing consumer traffic and improving the consumer
experience. Other products currently are few and made up only less than 5% of total sales in
2016, according to our estimate.
Increase the quota allocated to the cloud platform
Currently the company requires distributors sell 30% of their quota via the cloud platform. It's
possible that this ratio could be increased in the future. By that time Moutai Cloud E-com Platform
should be more influential as discussed above and Moutai's control over retail price could
become even stronger.
Increase the ratio of direct sales on the cloud platform
While the company plans to maintain the current quota to distributors, it has not ruled out
employing direct sales for incremental quotas in the future. It might be possible that a certain
portion of orders on the cloud platform will be filled by Moutai itself, bypassing the distributor
channel. With direct sales the company would enjoy higher gross margin as there is no distributor
cut, although it would incur distribution costs or need to build its own storage and distribution
system. As such, we think it would only be a rather long term prospect for a direct sales model to
become mainstream, and might undermine relations with existing distributors who it relies on to
get its products to market.
Increase its stake in Moutai E-com Company
Currently Moutai owns only 25% of Moutai E-com Company, which is the platform owner and
operator of Moutai's B2C and Cloud E-com Platform. The parent owns 35%. When the
transaction value of E-com becomes significant enough, it is possible the Moutai lisco will take a
larger share of the platform in order to consolidate it into its financials. If this were the case, it may
offer upside potential to the listco's earnings.
Potential impact on earning and valuations
More stable earnings growth
We think Moutai's new retail model has long-term positive implication for earnings growth
momentum and valuations. Under the new retail model, the company has better control over
channel inventory, and supply can be better matched to demand growth. This will make the retail
price less volatile and we think the company should have room to hike ex-factory and retail prices
steadily per year — basically with supply based on actual demand, we believe there is less risk of
stockpiling, meaning lower risk of eventual oversupply to the market, smoothing out the peaks
and trough and allowing more stable prices and earnings growth.
That said, given the limited visibility on the effect of the new retail model on earning in the
forecast period, we do not yet revise our earnings estimates. However, we do provide scenarios
that factor in annual ex-factory price hikes of 10% and 15% (see below).
More stable balance sheet and cash flow
According to the company's policy, distributors have to pay advances in order to receive products.
In the upcycle, distributors tend to make a lot in advances with the balance piling up as inventory
was unsold. In the down cycle, advances from distributors tend to decrease as product is
offloaded. Therefore the balance of advances has also been very volatile.
We think in the new in the retail model the company can better control the pace of distributor
advances as quota execution and product shipment will be based on end-demand rather than
distributors' own requests.
Quarter end advances from distributors
Source: Company data
Scenario analysis of price hikes
With Moutai's new retail model lending the company stronger pricing power — via better control
of the flow of product to distributors and of the wholesale and retail price of the spirit — we think
the company should be able to hike its ex-factory price more regularly in the future, particularly in
light of the fat margins enjoyed by distributors at present.
In our base scenario, we assume an ex-factory price hike to Rmb999 (from Rmb819 at present) in
Sept 2018 and no more price hikes thereafter. We show two bull cases in which we assume a
10% price hike each year from September 2019 and a 15% hike. As there is finite supply of
Moutai due to production capacity limits five years ago, we assume no fall in volumes sold as the
price rises. So, earnings are driven solely by price in our scenarios.
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
Base case (zero price hike after September 2018)
Net income Rmb56.9bn in 2021.
Bull case 1 (10% annual hike from September 2019)
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Net income Rmb70.5bn in 2021 (i.e., 24% above base case)
Bull case 2 (15% annual hike from September 2019)
Net income Rmb76.9bn in 2021 (i.e., 35% above base case)
Moutai can take margin from distributors and still leave them plenty
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
Net income comparison in different scenarios
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Current price and new TP implied PE in different scenarios
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research
Raising our valuation multiple to reflect Moutai's greater bargaining power
We value the stock on long term PE discount back to 2018E (previously to 2017E), and raise our
2021 exit multiple from 23x to 25x (c. 10% premium to industry average target exit multiple)
based on: (1) Stronger pricing power based on the new retail model, and potential for a bigger
profit pool from more regular price hikes. (2) Higher earnings visibility with less volatility around
wholesale and retail prices. (3) Higher returns (ROE/CROCI) than peers due to stronger pricing
power. (4) Further transition to private consumption and (younger) millennials consumers -
leading to more sustainable growth in the long term.
We therefore raise our 12-month target price 18% to Rmb881, as we roll over our target price
time frame and boost the exit multiple. Our revised target price implies 34x 2018 PE and 25x
2019 PE. Maintain Buy (Conviction list). There are no changes to our estimates, which imply
consensus, which we believe is due to our more bullish outlook for ASPs and margins.
Source: Gao Hua Securities Research, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
A note on our target multiple premium
In the last 10 years, Moutai has traded at an average 7% PE premium to Wuliangye and Luzhou
Laojiao, supported by higher growth (27% 2006-16 EPS CAGR vs. 19% on average for
Wuliangye and Luzhou Laojiao) and higher ROE (34% 10-year average ROE vs. 27%); in 2017-
21E, we continue to forecast Moutai to lead peers in earnings growth (24% vs. 22%) and ROE
(35% vs. 25%) with higher pricing power and potential for price hikes. With this in mind, we set
our premium at 10%
Key risks
Slower-than expected high-end spirit growth: Macro economic slowdown could result in lower
business entertainment demand and slower income growth among consumers, which would pose
a downside risk to our investment case.
Tougher regulation on alcohol consumption: If the government were to impose tougher and more
widespread policies on alcohol use by government officials or even by SOE employees (on official
business), there could be a dampening effect on high end alcohol demand.
Potential pitfalls of the new retail model: as mentioned above, there are still some problems with
Moutai's new retail model, such as poor consumer experience of the app and ongoing speculation
by distributors. If these problems are not solved, the benefits of the new retail model would be
impaired.
Source: Company data, Gao Hua Securities Research
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Case Study: Hermes International – Blue sky dreaming
Should Moutai be able to successfully establish the "new retail" model and implement a full direct
sales model, it would likely have even greater pricing power and be able to tap a much larger
profit pool, by essentially cutting out the middle man entirely.
To get a sense of the potentials benefits, we look at Hermes International (NC), the high fashion
luxury brand in France. Similar to Moutai, the supply of Hermes Birkin bags is limited, with prices
ranging upward from about US$7,000 per bag — due to the limited supply of raw materials
(animal skins) and the limited number of craftsmen able to create them.
Different from Moutai's distribution model, Hermes has a direct sales model. The company
owns 307 retail stores worldwide - 210 self-owned stores and 97 concessionaires. The
advantage of direct sales model is that the price is entirely controlled by the company. More
importantly, the company knows the information of every customer and there is little chance for
speculators to stockpile inventory.
Due to tight supply and strong control on pricing, the company has been able to expand steadily
on the back of growing demand. Revenue growth at Hermes has been very stable (13% CAGR
over the past 10 years). The company did not even suffer from any revenue decline during the
financial crisis in 2008, reflecting its ability to smooth revenue growth. Earnings growth was also
very stable (15% CAGR in 10 years).
We think very strong pricing power and steady earnings growth contribute to Hermes' premium
valuation multiple. Hermes is currently traded at 36X 12-month forward PE in the last 10 years,
compared with 26X for Moutai.
In terms of key financial metrics, Moutai has much higher gross margin and net margin, as
production costs for spirits are small; but Hermes has higher asset turnover. The two companies
have similar ROE.
Hermes revenue breakdown by region
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Source: Company data
Source: Bloomberg
Source: Bloomberg
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Source: Company data
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
信息披露附录
我们，廖绪发, CFA、 戴晔，在此申明，本报告所表述的所有观点准确反映了我们对上述公司或其证券的个人看法。此外，我们的薪金的任何部分不曾与，不
与,也将不会与本报告中的具体推荐意见或观点直接或间接相关。
投资摘要
投资摘要部分通过将一只股票的主要指标与其行业和市场相比较来评价该股的投资环境。所描述的四个主要指标包括增长、回报、估值倍数和波动性。增长、
回报和估值倍数都是运用数种方法综合计算而成，以确定该股在地区研究行业内所处的百分位排名。
每项指标的准确计算方式可能随着财务年度、行业和所属地区的不同而有所变化,但标准方法如下:
增长是下一年预测与当前年度预测的综合比较，如每股盈利、EBITDA 和收入等。 回报是各项资本回报指标一年预测的加总，如 CROCI、平均运用资本回报率
和净资产回报率。 估值倍数根据一年预期估值比率综合计算，如市盈率、股息收益率、EV/FCF、EV/EBITDA、EV/DACF、市净率。 波动性根据 12 个月的历史
波动性计算并经股息调整。
并购评分
在我们的全球覆盖范围中，我们使用并购框架来分析股票，综合考虑定性和定量因素（各行业和地区可能会有所不同）以计入某些公司被收购的可能性。然后
我们按照从1到3对公司进行并购评分，其中1分代表公司成为并购标的的概率较高(30%-50%),2分代表概率为中等(15%-30%),3分代表概率较低(0%-
Quantum
Quantum 是提供具体财务报表数据历史、预测和比率的高盛专有数据库，它可以用于对单一公司的深入分析，或在不同行业和市场的公司之间进行比较。
GS SUSTAIN
GS SUSTAIN 是一项侧重于通过发现优质行业领先企业而实现长期超额收益的全球投资策略。GS SUSTAIN 50 关注名单列出了我们认为凭借出色的资本回
报、具有可持续性的竞争优势和对 ESG（环境、社会和企业治理）风险的有效管理而有望在长期内相对于全球同业表现出色的行业领军企业。候选企业主要基
于对企业在这三方面表现的综合量化分析筛选而出。
相关的股票研究范围
廖绪发, CFA: A股传媒、A股耐用消费品、A股食品饮料、中国消费品。
A 股耐用消费品:格力电器、老板电器、美的集团、青岛海尔、索菲亚。
A 股食品饮料:古井贡酒、洋河股份、贵州茅台、泸州老窖、青青稞酒、山西汾酒、青岛啤酒(A)、五粮液。
A 股传媒：奥飞娱乐、光线传媒、歌华有线、华录百纳、蓝色光标、中南传媒、分众传媒、省广股份、华谊兄弟、IMAX 中国、凤凰传媒、东方明珠、掌趣科
技、万达电影、华策影视。
中国消费品：光明乳业、现代牧业、华润创业、达利食品集团有限公司、H&H 国际控股、蒙牛乳业、康师傅控股、青岛啤酒(H)、统一企业、中国旺旺、万洲
国际、伊利股份、周黑鸭国际控股有限公司。
信息披露
与公司有关的法定披露
的关系。
高盛高华在今后 3 个月中预计将从下述公司获得或寻求获得投资银行服务报酬： 贵州茅台 (Rmb678.75)
高盛高华在过去 12 个月中与下述公司存在投资银行客户关系： 贵州茅台 (Rmb678.75)
公司评级、研究行业及评级和相关定义
定。任何未获得买入或卖出评级且拥有活跃评级（即不属于暂停评级、暂无评级、暂停研究或没有研究的股票）的股票均被视为中性评级。每个地区投资评估
出评级的分布可能根据地区投资评估委员会的决定而有所不同。此外，每个地区投资评估委员会管理着地区强力买入或卖出名单，该名单以总体潜在回报规模
了改变。
的其中一项代表其根据行业历史基本面及 / 或估值对研究对象的投资前景的看法。 具吸引力(A): 未来 12 个月内投资前景优于研究范围的历史基本面及 / 或估
值。 中性(N): 未来 12 个月内投资前景相对研究范围的历史基本面及 / 或估值持平。 谨慎(C): 未来 12 个月内投资前景劣于研究范围的历史基本面及 / 或估
暂停评级(RS)：由于缺乏足够的基础去确定投资评级或价格目标，或在发表报告方面存在法律、监管或政策的限制，我们已经暂停对这种股票给予投资评级和价
全球投资研究
2017年11月15日
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
格目标。此前对这种股票作出的投资评级和价格目标(如有的话)将不再有效，因此投资者不应依赖该等资料。 暂停研究(CS): 我们已经暂停对该公司的研究。
没有研究(NC):我们没有对该公司进行研究。 不存在或不适用(NA):此资料不存在或不适用。 无意义(NM):此资料无意义，因此不包括在报告内。
一般披露
本报告在中国由高华证券分发。高华证券具备证券投资咨询业务资格。