Holding fqm 18.015% shares, M & A overseas: 9 December 2019, Jcci and Pangaeainvestmentmentmentmentltd. (600362.sh)
(pim) Signing of the Agreement on the Purchase and Sale of Shares, which provides that jcci will receive 100% of the pimcurities(pch) held by the pim, with a target transfer price of $1,115.9 million. pch currently holds shares of Firstquantummineralsltd.(fqm) 18.015%, and the company will be the single largest mine in fqm, so the company urgently needs to expand its resource reserves to enhance its core competitiveness.
The acquisition of fqm is a major advance in the corporate overseas deployment, leading to the internationalization of resources, while at the same time supplementing the firm’s stronger cash flow.
The fmq is a Canadian mining company, listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and the main business is mining exploration and exploitation. fqm currently has nine copper development projects in eight countries, including Zambia, Panama, Peru, and Zambia.
It was officially launched in the second quarter of the year, and commercial production began in September, with 1.8 billion tons of ores detected to be controlled, with a range of 0.51 per cent copper, 0.08 g/t gold, and a content of 9.6 million tons of copper and 147.42 tons of copper. According to company announcements, fqm had combined control of approximately 49.25 million tons of copper (Canada n43-101 standards), with 45.9 million tons of copper in equity.
Ten thousand tons, 84-87 million tons, 820,000 tons. The price of copper was cautiously optimistic in 2020. The global supply of and demand for refined copper could shift from a shortage to a surplus in 2020, and copper prices were under pressure as a whole.
At the same time, since China is the world’s largest producer of refined copper, since the second half of 2019, China’s economy may have been exposed in the short term, and China’s demand is likely to be over-expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
M.A. in Mining Engineering, China Mining University (Beijing), joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the non-ferrous metals industry. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sindam Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.