Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362). Pluralized gold development, business maintenance, 31 October 2019. Company reports issued in the third quarter of 2019, leading to revenue collection in the first three quarters of 2019.
In the third quarter of 2019, operating income was $6.619 billion, an increase of 13.95 per cent; in the third quarter of 2019, the net profits of shareholders of listed companies were $765 million, the same amount.
In the first half of 2019, the public department successfully acquired and became a controlling shareholder in Heng State, and the gold plate industry created a new situation in which polymetallic mines such as copper and gold developed together.
The copper concentrates contain more than 200,000 tons of copper per year, cathode copper production more than 1.4 million tons per year, gold 74 tons per year and silver 1,100 tons per year.
As a result of the global economic downside pressure, the prices of copper products went down, but the prices of precious metals showed excellent performance. In the first three quarters of the year, the average price of Chinese copper in the Yangtze River fell by between $6.25 and $478,000 per ton compared to the same period last year, while the price of cash gold in Shanghai increased during the same period.
The increase in the price of silver and the revenue of the company-controlled subsidiary, Henzhou, was $7.636 billion, and the cash flow of the company continued to improve. Net cash from the company ' s business activities was $8,781 million in January-September 2019, an increase of 108.69 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from the company ' s business activities were net.
The significant improvement is due to the company ' s enhanced management of accounts receivable, accounts receivable and accounts receivable, which are expected to grow globally at a rate of around 2.7 per cent in 2019, at a historically low rate, as a result of the relatively low number of major mine production plans worldwide in 2019.
In particular, there is a global gap in copper markets, especially in the case of electric cars. According to the International Copper Research Group, the global copper supply and demand gap in 2019 reached 190,000 tons, or 2020, and the future corporate performance will be higher in the context of the global copper market supply and demand gap.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended for customers of Chinese securities only. The company will not receive this report for recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.