Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362); Strategic layout gold, mining expansion can boost performance. Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362), 2019 Quarterly Review.
▪ Events: The company issued a three-quarter report in 2019. The company accumulated operating income in the first three quarters of 2019. The companies were mining, mining, smelting, trading, technology for a net profit of 765 million yuan, 0.31 per cent less than the previous year, and the ring increased by 37.11 per cent.
This includes copper, gold, silver, rare earth, lead, zinc, etc., rich in polymetallic mineral resources, and a large chain of integrated copper industries: corporate polymetallic mining development, and value-added clothing such as investment, trade, etc. up to the first half of 2019
The company is China’s largest copper, accompanied gold, silver tons, molybdenum, 205,000 tons of molybdenum; the amount of resources controlled by the consortium’s other companies in terms of equity is approximately a copper production base. The cathode copper produced by the company is delivered in London metal.
4.4335 million tons of gold, 52 tons of gold: Holding shares in the State of Hsing owned 16 gold mining rights, prospecting rights and the Shanghai Futures Exchange registered as 21 futures market owners and identified 112 tons of gold reserves. The company owns six active mines, three smelters, and eight.
Copper processing plants and two sulphuric acid plants with an annual capacity of 200,000 tons of copper in copper concentrate, 1.4 million tons of cathode copper, and 1 million tons of copper in copper products, provide the largest copper production base in the country.
A single-quarter Māori rate of 4.03% and a ring increase of 0.28 ptt, mainly due to the increase in Heng State’s equity profitability. They benefited from an increase in the price of precious metals, a net profit of 105 million in Hsing q3 quarter, an increase in the value of the mining expansion plus smelting capacity, and a guaranteed increase in performance: a total investment in the three-phase expansion of the Wusan copper mine.
With a capital of about 2 billion yuan, the annual capacity has been expanded from 13 million tons to 30,000 tons, and built in May 2019. The Sheng State shares in the city’s gates, with the capacity to produce 50 tons of gold and 700 tons of silver per year, are now making a significant contribution to the company’s performance; and the company acquires 65% of the national copper industry, with 180,000 tons per year.
The annual production capacity of the company's cathode copper will total 1.6 million tons. The price of bronze is running steadily, the price of precious metals goes up in the medium to long term, and the level of profit will rise: the supply of copper is still tight, the demand as a whole is increasing benignly, the gap in copper supply is likely to increase in a trend, copper
The price of precious metals still has a long-term possibility of moving forward, taking into account such factors as the risk premium for gold, the liquidity premium, and the persistence of central bank purchases. These factors may boost the company’s overall Māori level to over 4%.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Jiang Xi Copper Industry (600362), the strategic layout of gold, the expansion of mineral production, the support of performance, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Hodgins is engaged in research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Zhang Tian Fung, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom. Ten years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, served as General Manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: former Director of Investment in the Management of Assets in the Huin Fong Dong Hing Project.
Second prize for the joint study of futures options at the Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE), third prize for the joint study of options at the Institute; and a silver prize for the Chinese Futures and a copper prize for multimedia: a third prize for the market simulation of the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange, and an award for the entry of options into the competition.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362), which is strategically laid gold, and whose expansion can support performance without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.