Wang Wei Chul Zhao Xudong
The company's performance is as expected, at $1.27. Of this amount, q4 managed to collect $68,343 million in the first quarter.
The rise is mainly due to the fact that the new power company platform gmv is growing faster. The company has been shifting its superior product structure since the second half of 2021, raising the income of the economy's Express as a whole, and it is expected that profitability will continue to shift to the reverse logistics and electricity vendor, increasing its supply of prescription services.
In addition, in July 2022, Iowa Airport was shipped, and it is expected that the hub transit centre will continue in the third quarter of 2023, with a significant increase in the time frame for the next morning and the next day for products, adding to the increase in high-time, service-quality back-up operations, which we expect to be in year 2023.
With economic growth slowing, new operations benefit from resource-consistency, and the impact of the surcharges is evident. In 2022, the company’s supply chain and international operations achieved revenue of $87,866 million, with a 19.9 per cent increase in the corresponding revenue from the Garry logistics business, which was higher and lower before the year’s increase, mainly affected by the fall in international freight prices in the second half of the year;
In 2022, the fast-tracking operation received $27,917 million, an increase of 2.3 per cent in the same year; the cooling operation received resources, and the controllability of the company ' s feeder transport line increased by 11 percentage points in 2022 compared to the same year, thus reducing the cost of a single kilogram of transport after excluding the impact of oil prices.
The company’s cost-control capacity is expected to increase further. The increase of 0.4% over the same period has been successful in stopping the fall back. In terms of cost rates, companies have continued to pursue the Leap-Advanced Initiative, which uses science and technology to continuously upgrade the digital and intelligent levels of operations and management, management, management, etc.
Sales, finance, R & D rates have fallen by 0.68 pcts, 0.33 pcts, 0.11 pcts, 0.21 pcts, respectively, and we expect room for improvement in the level of company rates.
Taking into account the clean up of the epidemic, the recovery of consumption, and so on, the firm’s sound pace of development in 2023 is expected to continue to grow and grow. At the same time, the company will focus on transport, transit, and the last three links to deepen stock accommodation patterns.
Instead of excessive incremental capital investment, we expect companies to continue to benefit from the cost optimization of four-bedged and refined operations. In 2023 and 2024, companies are expected to realize a net profit of 8,361 million, airport output is below expectations, fuel costs are rising.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
. This report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.