The net profits increased significantly during the quarter, and the results of cost control were remarkable.
On 26 April 2023, the company issued its first quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023. The company achieved RMB 61,048 million in operating income in the first quarter of 2023, compared to the previous quarter.
The decrease of 3.07 per cent, resulting in a net return of 1.720 billion yuan, an increase of 68.28 per cent over the same period, is mainly due to a decline in the supply chain and international operations of companies, a fall in international air transport prices from historically high to lower levels in the past three years, affecting the growth in the income of supply chains and international business plates.
A number of business initiatives, such as cost control and resource planning, have worked well, increasing corporate profitability through continued multi-networking, integration of resources. In the first quarter of 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio grew rapidly, looking at its performance in 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, the company ' s logistics industry moved fast.
The impact of the domestic epidemic has been largely eliminated, and the recovery has stimulated a significant increase in corporate business on an equal basis.
For the first time in December, the highest price ($) was covered, giving an “enhanced” rating. Companies continued to promote multi-connectivity and the consolidation of resources.
Management, further lifting of the statute of limitations at Hoshishi Lake Airport in 2022, and expansion of the “no-door pay”-to-600 city-to-town barrier for medium- and high-end prescriptions starting on 30 March. With the entry into force of the new tender for couriers and the addition of regulatory codes, we believe that the corporate statute of limitations barrier will become increasingly apparent.
A decline of about 3 per cent, but a significant increase of about 68 per cent in the same year-to-year net return, with significant cost-control results, was accompanied by a decline in capital spending and a convergence with a multi-net approach to the release of future profitability of the company, which is expected to be: a “market index” for this rating system, a share reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference point.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.