Time frame express demand recovery, performance over the quarter Transport/logistics net profit of $1.52 billion (a 66.4 per cent increase over the same period) and performance over the quarter.
Recovering rapid transit demand growth, international operations have slowed income growth, but corporate profitability has increased. 1) On the revenue side, the revenue growth of rapid transit, fast-moving and cold-transport operations accelerated with the gradual recovery of domestic production activity and consumer demand during the quarter, leading to an equal increase in revenue from fast-moving logistics operations
Businesses are affected by international air and sea transport demand and prices at the same downswing, and revenue is estimated to have declined significantly by the same season, but companies insist on lean resource planning and cost control, many business initiatives have worked well, and companies continue to promote multi-connectivity and strengthen multiple business networks.
Transit, transport, end-of-end resource consolidation, particularly during the spring season, to enhance cross-practice resource synergies, further expand resource-sharing benefits, and enhance corporate overall profitability. Capital spending maintains a trend of contraction, looking at rapid-time-repair rehabilitation and the development potential of the Australasia airport.
Power. Corporate capital expenditure amounted to $2.93 billion in a quarter, a 17% decline in the same year, and revenue from capital expenditure was driven by the epidemic by the 2022 surge, which we believe will benefit from macroeconomic and cost recovery in 2023, and the rapid increase in the statute of limitations is expected to be significantly repaired. From a medium- and long-term perspective, the company's airport in Orzhou is expected to recover.
Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz)-22q4 has a stable performance, 23 years of elasticity, and there is a greater potential for development, and the Air Transit Centre at Orzhou Airport is expected to be operational in the third quarter of this year: Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz) - sustained improvement in operations and high performance in the third quarter
1) to increase the speed of revenue from operations such as time-limited express, express, supply chain, etc.; 2) to improve the air network - Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) - smooth and efficient operation of the two-quarter profit ring ratio, which helps to reduce the cost of air transport.
Saturation Holdings (002352.sz) - Positive growth of the second quarter profit ring, operating Saturation Holdings (002352.sz) - Quarterly profitable performance, equity incentives favourable to investment proposals: Maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved a high growth in its performance. In the first quarter of 23 years, the company achieved operating income of $61.05 billion (a 3.1 per cent decline in the same year), a net profit of $1.72 billion (a 68.3 per cent increase in the same year) and a net profit of $1.52 billion (a 66.4 per cent increase in the same year) for non-return.
Figure 2: Business income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) of surplus holdings per single season
The revenue growth rate has accelerated, resulting in a 14.87 per cent increase in revenue from fast-moving logistics operations compared to the previous year, the impact of both demand and prices, a drop of about 32 per cent in revenue per quarter compared to the previous year, and a drag on the company as a whole, but companies insist on lean resource planning and cost control, and many business initiatives have worked well, with companies holding it.
Continue to promote multi-network accommodation and strengthen the transit, transport and end-of-end resource integration of multiple business networks, particularly during the spring season, during which the resources of the cross-practice panels are synergized and the benefits of resource sharing are further expanded, increasing corporate overall profitability. The Māori ratio of companies in the first quarter of 2023 was 13.86 per cent.
Figure 5: Single-season cost of smooth-consumption holdings Figure 6: Single-season Māori rate of smooth-consumption holdings and non-net interest rates
Quarterly corporate capital expenditure was $2.93 billion, a decline of 17% over the same period, and the decline in the share of income from capital expenditure was favourable to growth being held back by the epidemic, and we believe that in 2023, we benefited from a macroeconomic and consumer recovery, and that the speed of prescription increases is expected to be significantly repaired. From a medium- to long-term perspective, the company's Orchia airport has greater potential for development, Orchia.
The airport aeronautical trans-shipment centre is expected to be operational in the third quarter of this year: 1) to help increase the speed of operating revenues such as prescription express, express shipments, supply chains, etc.; 2) to help lower air transport costs when the aviation network is optimized. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author