The sale of the network, focusing on the mid-to-high market, the stock exchange (002352) event review, May 17, 2023.
Incidents: The Hsien Shenzhen Treasure Supply Chain Ltd. signed the Stock Transfer Agreement, which provides 100% of the shares of companies whose stockholdings are proposed to be transferred at RMB 1,183 million. Focus more on medium- and high-end couriers and other markets.
With 63,75% of interest, and 100% of the wealth net, the wealth net is a network operator for the economy, and once the equity transfer is completed, the surplus will be removed from the fed economy and the corresponding business.
Development of core operations such as high-end express, international express, global supply chain services, digital supply chain services, and elimination of the negative impact on companies of changes in the market environment for the conglomerate economy.
The company expects that the realized return on equity investment in this transaction will affect the net profit of the listed company from the merger with the mother in the amount of RMB 150 million. The negative impact of the stock transfer on the public sector will be eliminated when the stock transfer is completed, and the company’s profitability will be released.
To maintain a rating of the company's "buy-in" investment. The company continues to promote multi-net accommodation, integrate capital management, and in 2022, the Hoshishi State Airport was used to further raise the statute of limitations and expand the "no-go-pay-you-go" to 600-city consolidation of the middle-to-high-end Express barrier.
The airport trans-shipment centre is operational, and the company's time-limited capacity will be further enhanced, further consolidating the medium- and high-end prescription express barrier. In the case of a lot of time-bound shipments, such as a half-day “half-time-over” by rookies, we believe that the company's time-limited barriers are strong and that the market share will not be significantly affected.
Post-network companies will focus on medium-to-high-end express delivery, leaving the power provider economy will be beneficial to the company's profit release, along with efficiency gains from slower capital spending and more network accommodation, looking at the company's future, “positive” investors will be fit only to use research of a risk level not higher than “medium-high” risk, and “radical” investors will be fit to use our division's categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.