:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) end-of-income, with a moderate decline in overall income, mainly due to the downside of the international air and maritime transport landscape, international and supply
Large decline in income from response chain operations (income of $13.8 billion compared to 31.7 per cent); better growth in fast-moving operations (income of $45.5 billion compared to 14.9 per cent) benefiting from domestic demand rehabilitation; cost-side, corporate profitability through cost-effective resource planning and cost-control, and synergy of peak resources
The increase in capacity is evident, with Māori rates of 13.9 per cent in relation to the same ratio +1.6 pp., and we believe that the company's revenue from its fast-moving operations and overall profit performance are effective business initiatives in the future, as it continues to demonstrate to the market its ability to upgrade and improve its product structure by “walking on both legs”.
To play a greater role. Specifically, the core of capacity enhancement is a comprehensive upgrade of the network, which will correct the shortcomings of the network caused by objective historical reasons or decision-making errors, which is a vast and extensive project, including, but not limited to, site accommodation, model optimization, airport construction, etc.
In the process, the size and structure of the product are effectively adjusted to ensure that the network upgrades do not lead to a loss of profits. The performance data that have improved year by year since 2021 show that the company is in a good path of not breaking the margins, and that, based on an understanding of the network structure, we still judge the good path.
Net accommodation and operating improvements have fallen short of expectations; labour costs have risen; macroeconomic growth has slowed; and business growth has fallen short of expectations: price competition has intensified: the epidemic continues to affect business operations: oil prices have risen, etc.
Consistency assessment (002352.sz): Networking, top-heavy and layered operations, promising to drive performance, 3. Network integration with weak cyclicality, domestic and external drivers
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.