In the second half of 2017, the company published its semi-annual report, which generated business income of $29,788 million, an increase of 7.20 per cent over the previous half.
Feeding: Continuously optimized structure to ensure steady growth \triangleright feed is the company's core business, with a share of more than 50%. In recent years, the company has continued to optimize plant layout and products.
The structure, which promotes productivity improvements, lowers costs, and continuously increases the high-end share of the Biti by phasing out backward production capacity. During the reporting period, 742.7 million tons of feed products were sold, an increase of 8.88 per cent over the same period.
Livestock farming: A steady development of the integrated layout, a quiet release of \triangleright, affected by the H7n9 influenza pandemic and pre-generation and re-egging, has led to a decline in the performance of the company ' s poultry production plate.
Compared to the trend of depth 300, the unit will minimize the loss of poultry farms by controlling major outbreaks, pre-empting some of the avian species and reducing the cost of feed consumption. The company sold 3062.5 million chicken and duck seedlings in the first half of the year, an increase of 31.26 per cent over the same period;
Twenty-seven.69 million commercial chickens were sold, representing an increase of 149.29 per cent in the same year; the poultry-farming plate was reduced by 131.92 per cent in the same year, and there is a clear advantage in cost control in the integrated whole-sector layout of feed production, poultry breeding, commodity farming, technical services, food processing, end-sales.
As far as pig farming is concerned, the company has set up a pic, Hippoll, and adaptive farming models based on geographical differences. At present, Pey has an average of 26.2 heads and a maximum of 30 heads.
In the first half of 2017, companies sold a total of 111.339 million pigs, pigs and pigs.
\triangleright, the leading meat-processing company in the country, ranks first in the meat-fowl slaughter business. 11147,000 tons of meat products, such as poultry, pork, etc., were sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 10.80%.
In this context, the strategic transition to “breeding” and “frozen” is now under way, with a gradual increase in the proportion of food-processing operations, the development of new products, and the overall promotion of product upgrading.
Seventy-five thousand tons of meat products, an increase of 17.73%. In addition, companies are active in developing new channels of outreach, with excellent performances in the areas of catering, supermarkets, power suppliers, and deep processing. As the structure of food operations continues to be optimized, the proportion of uncollected revenues is expected to reach more than 30%, with a gradual transition to qualitative transformation and full maturity.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment advice. The company is a leader in the overall development of livestock farming, both upstream and downstream, with sustained strength and excellent performance on the various plates.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,