In the pet industry, the industry's layout goes to the next city.
50 million yuan, a company that is formally involved in the pet industry as a fully-owned company with its roots. Through its knowledge of its own pet industry, the platform is expected to be completed by 2020.
A model that focuses on the ecological chain of “healthy digestion” with more than 20 companies in the field of dairy, spices, nutritional health products, mobile Internet, cold-chain logistics. The company is officially in the pet industry by creating a fully-owned subsidiary, Puss Ping Control Technology, with 50 million dollars in ground-based knowledge.
Control is in the platform build-up phase, which will in the future integrate and purchase excellent brands and operate through its own platform, and is expected to be completed by 2020. Catching up on the pet industry dividends and investing in own branding
In 2016, the market size of our pet industry was $122 billion. But in the United States, it was a mature country.
Our pet industry still has about five times the projected growth space and will enter a period of rapid development in the coming years, with an expected growth rate of 22.2 billion yuan by 2020 of more than 30%. In our pet market, the size of the food is 34%.
It's a big crop for cats and dogs, and it's a step-by-step improvement of the industrial chain, and it's a national brand.
The company is a leader in the overall development of livestock farming, both upstream and downstream, forage, farming, and food plate operations. The company is actively developing high-addition industries such as dairy, which contribute to the growth of performance.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. The company is a leader in agriculture, and after entering the pet industry, industry development will result in a full-scale profit-making competition. The pet industry will not grow as expected and the company pet platform will not be built as expected.
1. " New Hopes (000876) " , a summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: successive editions, leading to overall business development
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined in 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,