The proposed fund to manage corporate and industrial funds in the area of financial viability A summary report/retail trade and retail industry The company's wholly-owned commercial subsidiary is charged $9.8 million (49 per cent) with financing control of the capital.
Liyiu China Small Commodity City Investment Management Company Ltd. (“Fund Management Corporation”); Mercantile Capital Control and Fund Management Corporation, which is to contribute 998 million yuan (49.9 per cent) and 2 million yuan (0.1 per cent) respectively, participating in the establishment of the Industrial Fund, the Small Commodity City Investment Centre (limited partnership).
The new fund management company will be responsible for equity fund management, investment management and investment advice, and the Industrial Fund will focus on equity acquisitions, equity investments, enterprise mergers and acquisitions, trade finance and the ring.
In 2016, the company set up a business capital scheme to create a one-stop financial services platform for entrepreneurs to finance their investment needs, and this time, through a business capital scheme, the management of companies and industry funds is a further step forward in the development of the “Data+Finance+Trade” strategy.
This unit, compared to the 300-degree trend, is conducive to harnessing the advantages of the corporate industry and capital markets, pooling resources, optimizing the investment mix, opening up channels for outward investment, and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of investment.
\triangleright \triangleright
After the successful introduction of a market-based recruitment mechanism, corporate profits are gradually rising, while the delivery of real-estate projects, such as the Dutch dung, continues to contribute revenue. The promotion of rent-marketing and the significant increase in real-estate sales have boosted company performance (a 50-55% increase in the expected net return to the mother in 2016) and has resulted in a 50%-55% increase in real-estate delivery.
The search for a “new retail” model, a new opportunity for a “one-way” company to develop a business of cross-border power suppliers, shortening the chain of industries through the Eru purchase b2r platform, has led to an increase in the number of businesses in the world.
It built a “new retail” model that was integrated on-line. At the same time, around the goal of creating the “World's Small Commodity Capital,” companies actively expanded their distribution networks abroad, established cooperation with the Polish market town of gd, and established the first overseas sub-market in Warsaw.
Markets, future trade and trade with countries along the “one-way” route are expected to deepen. Third, profit forecasting and investment proposals. Deepening the financial field is expected to bring new profitable growth points to companies, and the marketization of rents,
Ritchie, financial operations have not developed as expected, and overseas market demand has fallen short of expectations.
2. Small Commodity City (600415): Proposed Financial Holdings, Building a One-Stop Financial Services Platform 3. Small Commodity City (600415) 3-quarterly Report Review: Performance Guarantee
A summary of company financial statement data projections is Jo Yingi, head of the retail trade and commerce and textile and clothing team. M.A. in Risk Management and Financial Engineering, Imperial College of Technology, United Kingdom; B.A. in Engineering and Business Management, King's College, London.
Li Qi, Bachelor of Finance, Chinese Agricultural University, and Master of Finance, Clark University, United States of America. Joined in 2016 as a member of civil securities, mainly responsible for retail trade and commerce, textile clothing, and author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not influenced by any third party.