Continuous improvement in performance, exploring the “new retail” model Summary evaluation/retailed trade and trade industry Real estate delivery + marketed rent, contributing to high growth in performance
The main reasons for the high growth in corporate performance include: 1) the delivery of stock of properties such as Dutch ponds, Phoenix impressions, over 2015 and higher real estate profits on a year-on-year basis; 2) the successful introduction of market-based recruitment mechanisms, with the expansion of the market in the east of the region operating in 2016, with substantial increases in profits; 3) financing
We believe that future real-estate projects, sales and stock-placed rent marketization will continue to contribute to high growth in corporate performance. Deepening the financial landscape and fostering new profitable growth points.
\triangleright, based on the “Data+Finance+Trade” development strategy, the company contributed $1 billion in 2016 to establish a fully-owned subsidiary, a corporation that will be supported by large market data in the future to invest in business owners
Financing needs build a one-stop financial services platform and are expected to leverage financial business development assets, undertake mergers and acquisitions, and undertake strategic investments. Companies have previously built an Internet financial system that covers investment finance, payment settlements, credit ratings, big-data finance, and launched a horse.
In the future, it is hoped that consumer finance companies, micro-lending companies, Bongzhou financial leasing companies, etc. will continue to deepen the financial landscape and foster new profitable growth points. Explore a “new retail” model to create a “small capital of the world’s commodities.”
Corporate cross-border power suppliers have flourished, effectively reducing the production chain and controlling the cost of circulation through the “U-Buy” b2r platform, building a closed ring for international electronics operators, exploring the new retailing model of integration under the line line. On the other hand, it revolves around the creation of the World's Small Commodity Capital.
With the aim of actively expanding the overseas distribution network, in 2016, the company collaborated with the Polish comptoir gd, establishing the first overseas sub-market in Warsaw, Poland, and creating platforms for trade services such as information, procurement, logistics, and finance.
Jo Ying’s economic and trade cooperation will increase branding worldwide. The delivery of real estate projects and the marketization of rents will continue to contribute to the growth of cross-border power suppliers,
Ritchie, less demand in overseas markets and less development of cross-border power suppliers and financial operations.
Holding subsidiary, building a one-stop financial services platform 2. Small Commodity City (600415) Quarterly Review: Performance Guarantee 3. Small Commodity City (600415) Quarterly Review: Sustained Performance
A summary of company financial statement data projections is Jo Yingi, head of the retail trade and commerce and textile and clothing team. M.A. in Risk Management and Financial Engineering, Imperial College of Technology, United Kingdom; B.A. in Engineering and Business Management, King's College, London.
Li Qi, Bachelor of Finance, Chinese Agricultural University, and Master of Finance, Clark University, United States of America. Joined in 2016 as a member of civil securities, mainly responsible for retail trade and commerce, textile clothing, and author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not influenced by any third party.