Quarterly review of the Bank of Puan (600000.sh) in 2024, following a change in the quality of assets.
In 2021-2023, PDC’s net profit growth and industry was divided, with the greatest pressure coming from poor exposures. On the one hand, adverse exposures directly increased the pressure on the provision and, on the other hand, they also affected asset expansion, including slowing asset growth to focus more on risk control, and increasing the provision.
The net profit growth rate is lower than that of the listed banks. The main reason why Poofan Bank and the listed bank have been able to close the gap between the overall net profit growth rate is that they continue to outpace the overall level of the industry: the first is the loss of their assets.
The growth in the average balance of interest-bearing assets has been slower, and other factors have contributed to the growth of their net profits. The adverse rate of production at Pouphu Bank has fallen close to the overall stock-stock level, and follow-up asset quality trends need to be observed. The continued improvement in the Bank’s future performance depends largely on changes in the quality of its assets.
In recent years, the negative rate of production of the Pouphu Bank has been declining, while in 2022-2023 it was still higher than that of the listed banks as a whole, but it has fallen close to the level of the stock bank as a whole.
In the first quarter of 2024, the net return profits of PDCs recovered at a positive rate. In the first quarter of 2024, PWB achieved business income of 45.3 billion yuan, a 5.7 per cent decline in the same year; and in the second quarter of 2024, the return net profit of RMB 17.4 billion, an increase in the same year.
On 10.0 per cent, the return in net profit was mainly due to a decrease in impairment losses of assets, which decreased by 20.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2024, compared with the same year, and the fact that, according to the main indicators, the growth rate of Phufan Bank assets remained low, net interest differentials were reduced by a narrow margin and asset quality indicators did not change significantly.
The largest equity bank is the national joint-stock commercial bank, which was set up on 28 August 1992 with the approval of the People ' s Bank of China, opened on 9 January 1993 and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1999, and whose head office is located in Shanghai.
At the end of March 2024, the top ten shareholders held 53.06% of corporate holdings in China. According to the annual report, the Shanghai International Group merged to hold public shares in late 2023.
29.67% of the division ' s shares, together with Fude ' s life holding 20.66% of the company ' s shares, China ' s mobile holding 18.18% of the shares, and the rest of the shareholders holding less than 5%. Regionally, the national exhibition, with a preference for the long triangle.
The growth rate of PWB’s net return profits was expected to be close to that of the industry as a whole, but PWB’s net return profits increased at a rate different from that of the industry in 2021-2023, with the greatest pressure coming from adverse exposures. On the other hand, adverse exposures are direct.
Increased stress on the provision, on the other hand, has also affected the pace of asset expansion, including by slowing asset growth to bring more effort to bear, and by continuing to reduce the net return profit of Phufan Bank in the year, whose net return profit has increased at a lower rate than that of listed banks as a whole. We have solved the difference between the net increase in the return profit of Pufan Bank and listed banks as a whole by analysing attribution.
The main reasons for finding that their performance has continued to increase at a rate lower than the industry as a whole are the following: first, impairment of assets, high pressure for loss and second, slower growth in the average balance of interest-bearing assets, and the impact of other factors on their net profit growth, which is not significantly different from that of the industry as a whole.
Pou Hua Bank has an adverse rate of production that is higher than the industry as a whole. (1) In view of the trend in the negative rate of production, the overall negative rate of production in listed banks has increased since 2013 and peaked in 2015, and has declined since then.
In 2017, the rate of production peaked. (2) In absolute terms of the rate of production, since 2016, Phupha Bank has had a significantly higher rate of production than the overall rate of production of listed banks.
The growth rate has also declined as a result of the following levels of the industry as a whole: since 2021, the growth rate of the loans of the Bank has fallen to below the level of the industry as a whole, owing to the effects of low asset growth, the accumulation of net interest differentials in recent years, and the pressure of the Bank’s growth.
In terms of impairment of assets, the Bank’s “depreciation/bad generation” in recent years is around 100%, and it has limited space to counterfeasible profits by making provisions, and thus increases in the size of the loan in the event of a decline in income.
Add, the loss of impairment of assets will clearly delay the growth of net profits. In the future, the growth of net profits at PWB will remain largely dependent on an improvement in the rate of undesirable production.
According to the preceding analysis, the continued improvement in PUF’s performance in the future is largely dependent on a change in the quality of its assets. PWB’s negative rate has been declining in recent years, although it was still higher in 2022-2023.
The overall level of listed banks, but it has fallen close to the overall level of the stock register. We will continue to follow the trend in the company’s follow-up rate of poor generation.
According to the most recent performance in the first quarter of 2024, the net return profit of the PBU bank has recovered at a positive rate. During the first quarter of 2024, the income of the Bank was 45.3 billion yuan, a decrease of 5.7 per cent in the same year; the net interest income was 28.4 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.4 per cent, a gain of 17.4 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 10.0 per cent in the same year, compared to 2023.
The net profit growth rate of 28.3 per cent per year has improved significantly. From the attribution analysis, the positive return of net profits in the first quarter was mainly due to a reduction in impairment losses of assets and a 20.1 per cent reduction in impairment losses of assets in the first quarter of 2024, compared to the previous year, assuming the following key drivers of growth in corporate profitability:
(1) Total asset growth rate: Given that the company ' s current unsound rate of generation is still high and the level of roe is low, the rate of return on bank loans will continue to be subject to considerable downward pressure. However, the current policy continues to lead to lower bank liability end-costs, including by lowering the interest rate on deposit, which will partly offset the rate of return on assets.
We expect that the bank net spread will continue to fall, but it will gradually narrow down, and Poeuvre Bank will (3) asset quality: there is uncertainty as to whether the company will continue to fall in the future near the overall equity level. Conservatively, we assume that its future failure rate is stable, and the credit cost rate will remain constant.
(4) Other: assuming that the future red rate will remain unchanged; without taking into account possible external financing factors; summary table of performance projections for the next three years, with frequent fluctuations in market interest rates, the net difference (as measured by the average balance at the end of the initial period) will have no impact on the projections
We use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the reasonable value range of the company, and we use the three-stage ddm model for valuation, with the following assumptions:
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the discount rate and the constant growth rate, is presented in the following table as a sensitivity analysis: we have all listed banks together for horizontal comparisons based on pb (mrq) and 2023 roe.
The corresponding company pb (mrq) is 0.36 x. Given that the company’s profitability in the coming years returns to normal conditions, we give the company a slightly higher premium, valued at 0.36-0.40 xpb, on the basis of which the company’s combined valuation is more reasonable, with a “neutral” rating given for the first time.
We calculated the company's reasonable valuation using a combination of absolute and relative valuations, but the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the assumptions about the company's discount rate and the constant growth rate, as well as its selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies, which included a number of subjective judgements:
(1) There are a large number of investors in the market, with varying investment terms, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc., so each investor may have its own margin of appreciation for discount rates, which may result in a market ' s unanimous judgement of the value of the company ' s internal value not being consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. We did a sensitivity analysis, but we did it.
Sensitivity analysis is not necessarily a comprehensive reflection of all investors' value for discount rates; (2) our assumption of a company's constant growth rate is subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation is likely to fall outside of the sensitivity analysis:
(3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in relative valuations, i.e. the change in Beta. Due to the current low valuation of the overall value of the bank plate, there is a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued in relative valuation methods, resulting in an undervalued valuation of the horizontal comparison of companies.
Uncertainties about the future profitability of companies arise mainly from two factors: first, because of the high volatility of market interest rates and the fact that banks themselves adjust the configuration of their asset liabilities to market interest rate fluctuations in terms of the type, duration, etc., which exacerbates the impact of market interest rate fluctuations; and, second, because of the determination of non-performing loans and the corresponding provision for the transfer of silver,
There is more room for subjective regulation of our own, and this may lead to a much different reality from what we assume. For possible deviations from the net difference, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis before, and for possible deviations in the quality of assets, we have taken a cautious assumption.
Companies are subject to strict regulation in their industries, and their operations are heavily influenced by macroeconomic and monetary policies. If there is a larger adjustment in future industry regulation, monetary policy, etc., it may have an impact on their operations.
Banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. Changes in the macro, interest rate environment can have a negative impact on the company’s financial data.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author