National gold foliage ecurities perform as expected and industry market substitution accelerates.
cpu products have superior performances and a larger national production replacement space. x86 is the main server structure, with the best ecological support and up to 88%-90% of the city, company cpu products sealight 1,2,3 are based on the x86 structure, multi-products are directly following intel, amd, etc., have been successfully imported.
1. " National production cpu leads the way to the high-end market -- many national producers of servers. idc expects to deliver 10,000 Chinese x 86 servers in 2025, $31.51 billion in corresponding market space and 19% cagr in 22-25.
In order to take the lead in the area of national production substitution, mainly in government agencies, institutions, and core corporations, it is expected that the total national product of pc+server endcpu will amount to 55.43 billion yuan by 2025 and 32 per cent by 22-25 cagr.
The short-term impact of United States sanctions has been absorbed, and industry market substitution has accelerated. On October 7, the United States Department of Commerce, Industrial and Security Service (bis), published a series of new, more comprehensive export control regulations on its network, designed to limit China’s access to advanced computing chips, the development and maintenance of supercomputers, and the manufacture of advanced semiconductors.
The long-term impact will need to be further assessed. We believe that this event will further accelerate investment in corporate autonomous R & D and accelerate self-evolving, especially in the industry.
Market companies are actively developing to accelerate the replacement of national production: 21 years of telecommunications in the corporate income structure, tweezing, tweaking, treacherous.
Downstream demand falls short of expectations; product overlaps fall short of expectations; risk of further sanctions; company lack of real control, high proportion of financial investors among original shareholders; stock ban; and so on.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment