Focusing on high-end processors, beneficiary production replaced by a wave of 180.88 per cent growth compared to the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $652 million, or 424.16 per cent increase compared to the previous year, of which $1,290 million was collected in the third quarter of the first quarter, representing a 63.6 per cent increase compared to the same period.
The net profit of the mother is 176 million yuan, an increase of 6.06 per cent from the previous year, and the recovery is growing rapidly and the cost rate is improving at the same rate. In the third quarter of the year, the company achieved a revenue of 1,290 million yuan, an increase of 63.6 per cent from the same period, a net profit of 176 million yuan from the mother.
The increase in revenue is mainly due to increased market development by companies, the diversification of product lines to meet the needs of different clients, and the continued increase in the demand of server manufacturers for high-end domestic processors. The q3 Māori rate is 46.81%, with a 6.71pt reduction in the ring.
q3 sales cost 1.53%, ring increase, increasing R & D inputs, and growing product lines. The company has built a sophisticated high-end processor based on a product R & D strategy called "Sale Generation, Test Generation, Research Generation."
Highest/lowest price within 52 weeks R & D environment and processes, product performance up to generation and increasing functionality. Three seasons in one season, the Sealight cpu series has been commercialized, Sealight One, Sealight Two.
The Dawn Information Industries limited shares have been certified by the laboratory, Sealight IV is in the R & D phase, Sealight dcu series has been commercialized and Deep Count 2 is in the R & D phase.
Nationally produced high-end processors lead, and beneficiary countries replace a large trend. High-end processors are the core components of modern information systems equipment, but are less home-grown. According to idc, in 2020, the volume of domestic X86 server chips was 6.981 million, with a large share of the market.
Intel and amd, which together account for more than 95% of the market, are well ahead of the market for intel products. The company’s focus on high-end processor design will benefit from a wave of national production.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and public.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.