The performance of 20203 is expected to improve, with a firm view of the offshore oil and gas taps: on 16 October 2022, China Sea Oil issued an advance notice of its performance in the third quarter of 2022. China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
In the third quarter of the year, the company expected to realize a net return profit of $35.937 billion, i.e. +84 to 95 per cent of the year, i.e. +84 to 95 per cent of the year, i.e. Chen Sook-hyun, cfa influence, crude oil prices continued to rebound and Brent crude oil prices averaged $97.70 per barrel, up from the same year.
33.4% ring ratio drops by 12.7%, roughly at the same price as 2022 q1. In terms of production, 2022 q3, the south-east of the 1-1 gas field and the south of the 22-1 gas field development project in the south of the South China Sea Sea Sea, and the research assistant in the Hu Xiao culture petrochemical industry
A peak production of about 44 million cubic feet per day of natural gas is expected to be achieved; a peak production of crude oil in the southern part of the sea is expected to be achieved, combined with an increase in production of 14,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of oil and gas; significant cost-control effects; and exchange rate gains resulting from the appreciation of the United States dollar.
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) covers the first time that the crude oil production cycle drives long-term high international oil prices, triggering large energy inflation. On the one hand, \triangleright
Report: High oil prices + low valuation + high dividends, China Sea oil opc + reduction provides a solid base for oil prices. On 5 October 2022, the OPC+ conference concluded the second post-epidemiological large-scale reduction agreement (200 less than the target production in August).
First approved, China Sea Oil Entitlement Valuation Rehabilitation + Flexibility. 2022.02.25 First, after the exploratory reduction in production at the September 2022 meeting was not evident, opc+
The United States has tried to block China Sea Oil (600938.sh): High oil prices + low prices + this production cut, but Saudi Arabia has rejected the United States request to “delay the reduction”.
Valuation + high dividends continue to materialize, and China and China are more determined and confident to stabilize oil prices. On the other hand, we believe that 2022q4 oil prices are likely to rise. 2022q4, the demand for crude oil is mainly for European winter.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): How can China Sea Oil replace natural gas power generation with crude oil, and the United States increase demand for winter heating oil; crude oil supply is valued? 2022.04.22
The EU phased embargo on Russian crude oil and Russian oil price limits in December. Overall, 202,204 crude oil supplies have tightened, demand has increased, interest rates have been spread, high oil prices + low valuation
The core value of oil investment in China and China lies in low-cost advantages. Low-cost is the core competition of oil companies.
Power, which is also key to raising profits and countering the risk of oil price volatility, has led companies to increase the cost of barrel oil by only 4.60 per cent, compared to $30.32 per barrel, in the context of low- and medium-price water valuation repair 2022.07.14.
2.79 per cent, due mainly to higher oil prices, which resulted in an increase in taxes other than income tax.
Dollars (same as $1.27), barrel oil disposal fees of $0.95 (same as + $0.11), sales management fees of cindasecuritiesco.ltd $2.29 (same as +0.06); and other taxes of $4.79 (same as at + 0.11).
The company continues to have a relatively high cost advantage in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, Building 1 + $1.98). We believe that the global offshore oil industry is still relatively surplus and that, despite the rise in oil prices, the cost of operating the uniforms has increased only marginally and with it.
The company continues to increase its exploration and development efforts, in particular in large deep-sea oil fields such as Guyana, where reserves and yields will increase further in size, depreciation amortization costs are expected to remain low, and the company ' s competitive advantage of low barrel oil will continue to be consolidated.
China Sea oil maintains high capital spending and yields increase. China Sea oil will maintain crude oil, driven by China’s \triangleright Ocean Oil Group Limited’s seven-year action plan
Production grew steadily. In 2021, the company produced 573 million barrels of oil equivalent. By 2022, the company ' s net oil and gas production target would be 600-610 million barrels of oil equivalent, with China accounting for about 1 million barrels of oil equivalent and 680-690 million barrels of oil equivalent, with China accounting for about 65 per cent and overseas about 65 per cent.
Right. By 2025, the company plans to reach 2 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, an annual net production target of 7.3 million barrels of oil equivalent, and an increase in oil and gas production will lead to a further increase in the company's performance of 8.63 per cent per barrel, an increase of 1.09 per cent in the ring and an increase in natural gas production of 19.7 billion cubic metres.
\triangleright net profit of $70.3 billion, annual interest payments of over 80%, end-of-life + special share payments of 66%. In China Sea Oil ' s 2022 strategic outlook, companies say they want to keep high capital spending on track.
All shareholders are offered a medium-term dividend of HK$0.70 (including taxes), corresponding to a share rate of US$a, which is undervalued in China and sea oil, with room for restoration. Companies show greater profitability, weaker volatility, and better asset quality than other oil companies.
Volume. During the 2010-2020 oil price cycle, China Sea oil h-species were roughly 9-13 times higher, with low dry domestic and foreign averages comparable to their counterparts, and we believe that the company ' s 2022-2024a stock valuation office has, in contrast, significant value repair space for companies.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net profits of the company for 2022-2024 at 5.74, 5.34 and 5.02 times respectively for \triangleright a share.h
Each is 3.08, 2.87 and 2.70 times higher. Given that the company benefits from high crude oil prices and high production prices, which are at a low level during the period, and is clearly below industry levels, and enjoys high dividends, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's a and h shares.
Risk factors: recurrent outbreaks, economic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; less than expected growth in corporate production; economic sanctions; and geopolitical risks. B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics at the Institute. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for crude oil prices, oil fields
Research on industrial chains such as mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sindha Asset Management Corporation. 2021 Hu Xiaoje, Research Assistant in the petrochemical industry. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economy, Southwest China. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Liu Xing, a member of the team. Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.