In the evening of 27 October 2022, Chinese oil released its third quarterly report for 2022. China oil (600938.sh)
In the first three quarters, the company achieved 311.145 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 78.97 per cent over the previous three quarters; and in the same period Chen Sook-hyun, cfa oil and gas production, the company performed well in three quarters.
\triangleright fears of recession and declining energy demand increased, international crude oil prices collapsed, and Brent oil fell from an average price of $111.98 per barrel in 20202 to an average price of $98.16 per barrel in 20203.
Research assistant in the Xiaoxian petrochemical industry, drums, 12.34 per cent drop. But crude oil prices remain high at 20203, increasing by the same year. Net oil and gas production amounted to 157 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.81 per cent, a rise of 1.95 per cent, and a rise of 1.95 per cent in the ring.
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) covered gas production for the first time by 2010 billion cubic feet, 17.20 per cent, ring growth by 5.40 per cent and oil and gas production by 5.40 per cent.
Report: High oil prices + low valuation + high dividends, China Sea oil volume again rising to an all-time high during the same period.
Low-cost advantages are significant, with higher levels of profitability. Low-cost is the core competitiveness of oil companies, and performance elasticity 2022.02.25 is also key to raising profitability and countering the risk of oil price volatility.
In 2022, q1-q3, the company’s barrel oil cost was China Sea Oil (600938.sh): High oil prices + low
The rise in oil prices led to an increase in taxes other than income tax. Of this amount, $7.87 worth of barrel oil operations + high dividends continued to be paid, with China-Sea oil catching up to the dollar/barrell (year-on-year + USD 0,23/b) depreciation and amortization of barrel oil of $14,24/b (same)
Compare to -$1.81/bb), barrel disposal fees of $0.9/bg (+0.05/bb), China Sea Oils (600938.sh): China Sea Oils: sales management fees of $2.51/bpb (+0.11/bbb), other taxes of $4.77
/Bolds (ibid. +$1.81/b) maintain a relatively high cost advantage. We believe that as the company continues to increase its exploration efforts, the size of its reserves and production will increase further, depreciation will be spread, high oil prices + low valuation
Sales costs are expected to remain low, and companies will continue to have a stronger competitive advantage in low barrel oil costs. + high dividends will continue to be paid. + Capital expenditure increased year-on-year, with a strong effort to boost production. q1-q3 in 2022, with companies working together to realize capital.
\triangleright, High Oil Price + Low Cost + Production Expansion, which contributed to a higher volume of work on construction projects than in the same period last year, with production spending of $1.6562 billion, a year-on-year increase
The offshore oil and gas tap 2022.10.17 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. spent $5.155 billion on exploration, $15.496 billion on development and $6.139 billion on production.
The completion of capital expenditure in the first three quarters of the Division provides a strong guarantee for future additions to production.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net profits for the company in 2022-2024 to be 5.17, 4.81 and 4.53 times respectively for a share in \triangleright and h for a share in inventory.
Pe, 3.00, 2.80, 2.64 times. Given that the company benefits from high crude oil prices and high production rates at the bottom of the cycle and is clearly below industry levels and enjoys high dividends, we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company’s a and h shares.
Risk factors: recurrent outbreaks, economic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; the company ' s lower rate of production in storage than expected; economic sanctions; and geopolitical risks.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Xinda Asset Management. 2021 Hu Xiaoje, Research Assistant in the petrochemicals sector. Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Finance, Southwest.
Liu Xing, a team member. Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Science, Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.