High oil prices contributed to high performance: global crude oil prices remained high in January-September owing to a recovery in global crude oil consumption and limited marginal increases in supply, with Brent crude oil at a quarterly average of 1-September
The settlement price was $97.9 per barrel, $112 per barrel and $97.7 per barrel, respectively, compared to last year's and 1. China Sea oil, cash cow! - China Sea oil reported a significant increase in oil performance compared to the same period last year.
2. "Short asset advantage continues to materialize! - China ' s sea oil supply has significantly reduced or contributed to maintaining high crude oil prices: while the current crude oil prices are slightly lower than in the previous three quarters due to market pessimistic expectations of demand for crude oil consumption, they are higher due to occ+ oils.
3. “The three main areas of oil scarcity in the China Sea! — China’s claims to sea oil cover, the end of the large-scale strategic inventory release cycle and continuing geopolitical tensions, among other factors, are projected to reduce the global supply of crude oil by an estimated 3.87 million barrels per day between November and December, and the global supply of crude oil by a total of 3.87 million barrels per day.
Global crude oil prices should or should be reduced significantly, or remain high. We see a sustained long-term supply and demand constraint for global crude oil under the “doubt carbon” policy, and a relatively high price or maintenance of crude oil, thus contributing to the sustainability of corporate performance.
1. Less than expected completion of oil and gas fields; 2. Unusual disruption of crude oil supply and demand; 3. Triangular data errors; 4. Impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations; 5. Stock restrictions risk release; 6. Exchange rate risk
In January-September, the net return to the mother was about 10.7 billion yuan- $10.98 billion, up from the net return to the mother in January-September last year.
As a result of the recovery in global crude oil consumption and the limited marginal increase in supply, global crude oil prices remained high in January-September, with the rise in the quarterly average futures settlement price of Brent crude oil of $97.9 per month/September and the continued high maintenance of oil prices driving China ' s sea oil performance to significantly increase compared to the same period last year.
2. While current crude oil prices are slightly lower than in the previous three seasons owing to pessimistic market expectations of demand for crude oil consumption, they have been reduced by the end of the large strategic stock release cycle due to the high oil price claims of OEC+
Among other things, the global supply of crude oil has either declined significantly, or the global price of crude oil, or continued OPC+, has been reduced in November to maintain higher oil prices. At the latest OPC Ministerial Conference, OPC+ is scheduled to start a new round of production cuts in November, with a projected nominal reduction of 2 million barrels per day.
In contrast, the completion of the oil release plan for lea and previous United States strategic stocks of crude oil is expected by the end of October 2022, with an average release level of approximately 1.02 million barrels per day in April-October, although the United States plans to continue releasing 10 million barrels in November, 350,000 barrels per day under contract, and 670,000 barrels per day of crude oil supply will be reduced as a result of the release.
At the same time, the European oil embargo on Russia is expected to begin on 5 December, with Russian exports of approximately 1.5 million barrels per day to Europe in September, with an estimated 1.2 million barrels per day of crude oil supply expected to be affected on the assumption that 80 per cent of the embargo implementation rate would be measured.
Taking into account the effects of the OEC+ reduction, the end of the eia release and the Russian embargo, the global supply of crude oil is projected to decrease by a total of about 3.87 million barrels of crude oil per day between November and December, and a significant reduction at the end of the crude oil supply or to contribute to the continuation of relatively high crude oil prices.
1. The pace of production of oil and gas fields is not as high as expected: oil and gas fields are a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of oil and gas fields may occur.2 The supply and demand of crude oil are disturbed by the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement and Venezuela
Geopolitical events such as the lifting of sanctions or the creation of uncertainty on the supply side, while oil prices remained high, there was a possibility that oil companies would modify their production plans, there was a potential for further scaling-up of reserves in the United States of America, leading to an increase in the short-term marginal supply of crude oil globally, and the Fed increased interest rates or boosted the dollar index, while the dollar was higher.
The index and crude oil prices are generally negative trends that, if the Fed were to raise interest rates or disturb crude oil prices, the current impact of Omicone on global demand for crude oil has gradually diminished, but the presence of new variants has the potential to negatively affect global demand for crude oil.
3. Triangular tracking data errors have an impact on results: triangular data contain data such as satellite data and oil tanker positioning, data errors include positioning errors directly related to satellite positioning, and system errors related to satellite signal transmission and receipt.
4. Impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations: companies have a large volume of offshore hydrocarbon assets, offshore hydrocarbon assets development and production are governed by local energy policies, assuming that energy policies in countries where hydrocarbon assets are located change or have an impact on business operations; trade resulting from deteriorating relations between different countries
Easy economic sanctions can have a significant negative impact on business operations, existing assets or future investments in the industry, while different levels of federal, state or local government in the United States impose varying degrees of economic sanctions on certain countries or areas and their residents or designated governments, individuals and entities.
In January 2021, the United States Department of Commerce placed the company on the list of entities or had a negative impact on the company’s international trade.
Exchange rate risk: Global crude oil prices are denominated mainly in United States dollars, and companies also have some of their assets in overseas markets, but corporate financial reporting is usually expressed in the renminbi, if there is a large wave of currency/dollar exchange rate movements or if there is an impact on corporate performance remittances.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment