Acquisition of Windlight Power Company, Accelerating New Energy Development, 23 December 2022 Event: 22 December 2022, company announcement, wholly-owned subsidiary, China Sea Oil (Hainan) New Energy
China Ocean Oil East Sea Co. Ltd. held 40 per cent of the shares in China Nuclear Wind and Wind Investment Co. Ltd. \triangleright.
During the first half of the year, the China-China Nuclear Sea realized a net profit of 204 million yuan, with annualized profits of 408 million yuan, which, based on a 40 per cent equity conversion, is expected to increase China ' s net profit on sea oil by 163 million yuan, compared to 2021, which will be 1,518 million yuan, or 9.3 times the equivalent, less than most wind and light companies listed.
According to the Network, as of September 2022, there were 23 wind power and photovoltaic projects in China and China, with a total installed capacity of 1.6 million kW and an equity capacity of 640,000 kW. According to China ' s development plan for sea oil, the company planned to acquire the sea by 2025.
With wind and electricity resources of 500 to 10 million kilowatts, installed with 1.5 million kilowatts, gained 5 million kilowatts of wind and wind resources on land, and invested 50 to 1 million kilowatts in production, the acquisition of China’s nuclear transfer sea is conducive to China’s ongoing expansion of new energy sources, further accelerating the pace of green low-carbon transformation.
The company has been active in the development of sea and sea winds, which have become fully operational at 300,000 kilowatt-hours per year, and has been connected to the Internet at about 860 million kilowatt-hours per year during normal operating hours; 1. China's sea oil (600938.sh) reported in the third quarter of 2022.
In the Soderglen wind farm in Alberta, Canada, 70.5 megawatts of installed capacity, the company held a 50% rating: performance met expectations, stock build-up continued, with a power generation of 11307 megawatt hours in 2021. Since this year, the company has continued its green energy transition.
Construction of several new energy projects and construction of a far-reaching national production development and demonstration application of floating wind power; Construction of the Ganan “Raining Complementarity” project; and successful networking of the Kajia terminal distribution photovoltaic demonstration project, which has a total installed capacity of 4.5 megawatts and is expected to be available annually to the Tanjia oil complex and its base during the 25-year period of operation
China Sea Oil (600938.sh) depth report: The residents of Changyanghai island provided 5.17 million kilowatt-hours of clean green electricity, and the company plans to make the station operational by 2025 with a completely new model of “Marine Wind + Photovolt + Storage + Ashore Power”. In addition, the company jointly awarded gold.
The development of new energy operations has accelerated at full speed, with investment proposals: high storage space for companies, high cost advantages and high performance elasticity in the context of high oil prices. \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.