On 14 January, the company released its 2020 performance report: net profit returns for the year as compared to +1.15 per cent (the previous three quarters grew faster).
+14.82% profit per annum (+13.11% increase in the previous three quarters) and business income +12.04% (ex-collect and pop double-digit growth, positive performance rate)
In the first three quarters, there was a significant increase of 6.68 pct to 1.15%, and the speed of profit release accelerated. Although the rate of profit growth of 1.15% appears to be lower, the rate of revenue and the rate of the same increase in the number of ppps, reflecting real profitability, is actually higher than double digits and higher than in the previous three quarters. The difference between profit and the rate of profit growth is mainly due to the company ' s choice to accelerate risk in 2020q4.
Cleaning up and improving the quality of assets will not only help to speed up the resolution of the risk load, but also facilitate the release of long-term profits. The Unit is expected to continue to have an asset quality advantage when compared to a 300-percent downward trend.
\triangleright Risk Resilience is further enhanced. We think the asset quality advantages of the company are expected to continue. One is retail loans from the company, which are low in the industry, and credit card industry, which is a major risk point, leads the industry.
Improved signals; second, the concern that loan classes account for a relatively low share and continue to optimize lending delivery, with little implicit pressure on unsound generation; and third, that, according to the calculations, the non-marked assets in the company table are well prepared and the stock is modified faster. Future exposure to risk exposure stresses will be further reduced as stock is not marked.
The company is firmly committed to pursuing the “1234” strategy, strengthening major investment banks, large capital controls, large wealth patterns, retail transformations with sudden and strong growth, and the future structure of interest-bearing liabilities will continue to be optimized to provide a positive balance. President Tao is expected to become president of the company, and the company’s strategy is expected to remain stable and deliver more dynamic.
We look at the company’s development prospects, predicting a doubling of its net return profit from 2021-2023, close to the average equity bank, and maintaining a “recommended” rating. The epidemic has repeatedly put pressure on asset quality; interest rates have fallen in the centre; and economic recovery has fallen short of expectations.
1. Episode Bank (601166): significant increase in profit growth, 2. In-depth research by Eisenbank (601166): an analysis of the retail characteristics of Eigen Bank
Figure 1: Year-on-year growth in bank revenue and performance: Figure 2: Year-on-year increase in net profits and industry by sector: Annualized weights of roe and roa
Figure 4: Growth in bank loans on a year-on-year basis
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,