Rapid growth in corporate profitability, rapid growth in scale credit, continued optimization of asset-end structures, significant downfalls, asset quality.
The profit boom is rising, the harvest is rising fast and the boom bank is growing faster than we expected in 2020, and the net profit before the provision is on track for the same year.
This is a rapid increase of 14.82% compared to the previous three quarters, an increase of 1.9 percentage points. After considering the provision, the net profit of the home country has been reversed. Corporate revenue has risen steadily, by 12.04% year-on-year, a slight increase over the previous three quarters (+11.1%). We expect a positive increase in net profits from the booming banks.
This was mainly the result of an appropriate reduction in the provision for withdrawals during the four-quarter period, as macroeconomics recovered steadily, pre-adjustment disposals were largely completed and corporate asset quality pressures improved significantly, and asset end-of-end structures were optimized and the scale increased rapidly.
By the end of 2020, the total assets of the bank had increased by 10.5 per cent and 3.62 per cent, respectively, and the total credit had increased by comparison with the ring, and there was still room for further improvement in the future to support improvements in corporate asset end-of-end returns.
In the last four quarters, the booming bank rate was also higher than expected, with a sharp drop of 22bp, year after year, 29bp to 1.25% at the beginning, and the negative rate dropped to its lowest level in almost five years, in absolute terms.
See, it's also relatively low in listed banks. We believe that this is due to the company's increasing use of poor write-off disposals, solid asset quality disposals, which keep asset quality steady and good. Looking ahead, the Episcopal Bank adheres to the “1234” + investment strategy, table.
External co-ordinated development towards a more meta-based approach to the provision of rich non-credit-type financial services to clients as a better way to spread and slow credit risk through financial markets and to lay the groundwork for further improvements in the quality of listed assets.
By raising the ring by 7.14%, the base of the provision has been further strengthened, and the ability to withstand risks has continued to grow. The downside of the economy of Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls are more than expected.
The booming banks performed faster than we expected in 2020 and realized 14.82 per cent more than the previous three seasons before the provision.
6.68 percentage points, with a negative shift in profits. Corporate revenue performance rose steadily, by 12.04 per cent year-on-year, a slight increase over the previous three quarters (+11.1 per cent). We expect that the growth in net profits from the booming banks will be mainly due to the steady recovery in macroeconomics, the consolidation of pre-adjustment disposals, and the marked improvement in the quality of corporate assets, resulting from the appropriate reduction in the provision for withdrawals during the fourth quarter.
By the end of 2020, the total assets of the booming banks had increased by 10.5 per cent/3.62 per cent by the same ring, the total credit had increased by 15.2 per cent/2.7 per cent by the same ring, and the credit had grown at a significantly faster rate than the total asset growth rate and capital.
There is still room for further improvements in the future to support the company’s asset-end gains. Bad improvements, and the provision continues to be strong.
In absolute terms, it is also relatively low in listed banks. We believe that this is due to the Department's continued efforts to strengthen the poor disposal of write-offs and to ensure that the quality of its assets is properly cleared and that the quality of its assets is steadily improving. For the future, the Episode Bank adheres to the “1234” “Board + Bank” strategy, which has been developed in a coordinated manner outside the table and has sought to use more dollars.
Clients provide a rich range of non-credit-type financial services, thus better able to spread and slow credit risk through financial markets, laying the groundwork for further improvements in the quality of their assets. At the end of 2020, boom banks provided 218.8% coverage, 7.14% rise in the ring, the base of provision is further strengthened, and the resilience to risk continues to grow.
Both the profitability and asset quality revealed by the Employing Bank Performance Report are higher than we expected, corporate profitability is improving, credit is growing rapidly, asset-side structures are improving, poor asset-side structures are being optimized, bad downs are being made, asset quality is becoming more robust. The Employing Bank institutions are flexible, management is doing well. Companies have accumulated strong advantages in terms of corporate customer resources, management, and business management, and have continued to promote the “1234” comptoirs + in recent years.
The investment strategy has been transformed, the capital structure has been restructured within the table, and the intermediary services have been developed. At the beginning of the new five-year plan, the business restructuring of the Brethren Bank has been largely put in place, the light capital transformation strategy has been adapted to the growth of the industry, and we look forward to the performance of the Brethren 2021.