According to the media (002027.sz), the number of consumers of consumer goods per day is higher than the number of customers per day (002027.sz)
Incident: After September 2023, we started to track the advertising-related dimensions of the sub-strategy media.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
18 March 2024: The total length of the airtime is 970s, and there are 19 advertisers, of whom there are daily consumer advertisements.
The number of advertisers on the Internet was 11 per cent, the number of car advertisers was 11 per cent, and the number of real estate advertisers was 95 times per slot.
For: 11 times apes drops, eight times a little apes practicer, Dewet toilet paper, and eight times a porcelain cream with 75s and 100s, 80s, 65s, and a total of 8%, 10%, 8%, 7%.
The meat, the Lincoln tram, the Dewey baby wet towels were aired once, with 15s, 15s, 5s and 2%, 2%, 1%, respectively. The good fruit-source coconut water was aired seven times, with a total of 90s, 9%; and the gas bubbles.
Water aired seven times, at a total length of 85s, at a total duration of 9 per cent; 7 times, at a total duration of 55s, at a rate of 6 per cent; seven times, at a total duration of 50s, at a rate of 5 per cent; six times, at a total length of 35s, at a time of 4 per cent; and crane milk.
Five times, a total of 70s, a total of 7%; and four times, a total of 88vip, a total of 60s, a total of 6%.
On April 11th, 2024:
\triangleright The total length of the airtime is 1065s, with a total of 19 advertisers, of whom 16 are daily consumer goods, and 3 are Internet advertisers.
The number of advertisers is 84%, and the number of Internet advertisers is 16%. \triangleright
The total number of advertisements aired during each round period was 127, of which the top three were: coconut water from good fruit sources 27 times, laundry fluid from the blue moon 13 times, yellow swan eggs 145 times and 140s and 95s, respectively, with a total of 14 per cent of the total duration.
And 13% to 9%. The last two playouts are one for each of the new Dolphin bubbles and the Kyoutung Lisbeth baths, each with 10 ss and 1% of each. \triangleright \triangleright
3.18-4.11 Thirteen new users this week: Blue Moon Laundry, Yellow Swan Eggs, Dev Chocolate, Precious Wine, Orio Cookie, Mercure Costa Coffee, Wagas Health, Light Eating, Vicomte Robots, South Fly Battery, Corona Beers, Finns for Painkillers, New Dolphin
Ablution bubbles, ablutions of the Kyoto East Lisbeth.
The courtyard beef cauldron was aired 11 times, at a total length of 120s and 11%; Devcek played 8 times, at a total duration of 85s, at a total length of 8%; Dewey toilet paper was aired 6 times, at a total length of 50s and at a rate of 5%; and lubricated fined 5 times, at a total length of 35s.
In 2016-2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, and research on meta-cosmos, sports, five years of research and long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
The University of Post and Telecommunications has a bachelor's degree in computers in telecommunications, three years of first-level market practice, five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.) and has industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, the Internet, etc.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.