Reconstructed significantly, and deployed a big model of adept marketing, and built intellectual advantage in the media (002027).
According to the ctr, domestic advertising costs 6.0% more than the same year in 2023, and the overall market fluctuates.
Warming and recovery trends were significant and sustained in 2024, with the January-February advertising market and the January-February company as the leading media company in the building, recovering and profit-end repairs significantly. According to the third fee scenario, sales costs increased in 2023, administrative costs and research and development costs achieved effective costs.
As of March 31, 24, the coverage was approximately 280 on the mainland.
There's a significant recovery in 2303, and the ladder continues the trend of 95 major overseas cities, including cities, the Hong Kong Administrative Region, and Indonesia, and South Korea.
Camp elevator TV 1051,000 (yoy+26.17%) and self-employed elevator poster media 1.72 million (yoy+3.08%) have maintained an overall expansionary trend and a strong leadership position. Companies are actively and orderlyly expanding their high-quality resource points, both within and outside the country, to further optimize their media coverage.
As the economy improves, consumption returns below the line, cinema operations improve, demand in advertising hot spots such as the Internet, new consumption, transportation, etc. will continue to grow, and demand from advertisers will grow.
Continuous digitization, intelligent marketing, and development of an ai-driven solution. In recent years, companies have continued to upgrade their digital, intelligent marketing capabilities, and are now on-line cloud distribution and will be eliminated.
Most of the screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available. At the same time, the Department continues to sharpen its data analysis capabilities, continuously helping clients to achieve accurate and efficient delivery, and to be effective in Hong Kong, Lee.
The company has also completed a large model marketing department, which is committed to the development of a new one-driven industry solution that will greatly enrich itself in advertising, creative creation, advertising strategy development, advertising optimization, advertising data analysis, etc.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: based on corporate reporting in the first quarter of 2024 and advertising market performance, revenue projections are revised downwards, taking into account Maori rates and cost-controls in recent years.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, policy regulatory risks, emerging media diversion advertising advertisers predict risks, risks of uncertainty of demand in advertising markets.