Company Review  Advertising Marketing 30/04/04/04 (002027.sz)
Performance repair trends are significant, and large marketing puncture models have been deployed Events: companies publish 2023 annual reports and one-quarter 2024: companies achieve business collections in 2023 Research assistant Sky-Swiss
Higher performance compared to the previous year and a marked recovery trend: significant growth in the company ' s revenue and profits in 2023, mainly as a result of: 1) warmer advertising operations, continuous improvement in the company ' s receivable level, except for the first quarter, where the company ' s revenue of 20202-04 increased significantly from the same year to the same time; 2) fixed companies
Cost (media rental costs, etc.) is high in terms of operating costs, leading to higher profits than growth, actively embracing ai technology, taking advantage of digital and intelligent marketing capabilities: companies actively seize the opportunities offered by the former, and try and explore the wider applications of emerging technologies.
The marketing contour model has been deployed and continues to fine-tune and overlap. Through deep excavations of historical advertising data, the model carefully constructs unique high-quality data sets and reasonable manual tagging feedbacks, and is capable of continuous overlap and optimization in the actual landscape and continuously upgrading its capabilities.
The relative depth of 300, the ability to digitize and intelligently market, has now reached cloud-side on-line delivery and has connected most of the screens to the airing state of the remote online monitor screen.
Investment Recommendations: We believe that the basic path to growth in corporate performance is more stable, and that the application of large models, among others, is expected to help companies improve their efficiency and achieve efficiency gains. We expect companies to report on the three-quarters of 2023.
(002027.sz) _ Continuous performance repair, i.e. technological advantage is expected to open up a new company, Galaxy Media Internet, mid-2023, rating _ public media (002027.sz); robust restoration, locational resources and client structure optimization
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.