Divisional media (002027.sz): strong channels, high ratings, Divisional media (002027.sz) incidents: Divisional media (0020227.sz) published their annual report for 2023 on 29 April 2024
The first quarter of 2024 reported performance. For 23 years, the company achieved business income of $11.904 billion, an increase of the same amount.
One billion yuan, or 4.20 per cent more in the same year; a net return of 1,040 million yuan, or 10.50 per cent more in the same year; a steady mid-year performance of 24q1 with better net non-repatriation profits. A split achieved 11.9 billion yuan in 23 years, or 26.3 per cent in the same year; and a net return of 4,827 million yuan, or the same year.
Cost rates for sales, management, R & D are effectively controlled and profit-making is better. q1 + 6.02 per cent for 24 years q1 = 2.73 billion yuan per year; net profit return of 1.04 billion yuan per year + 6.02 per cent per year; reduced interest income and reduced government subsidy impact, 16 million yuan less per year.
The decline of 25.7% in the same year and the decrease in government subsidies has led to a decrease of $8,413 million in other earnings, or 45% in the same year. In terms of the breakdown of operations, the distribution of media resources in the main business community has been very high, covering more than 280 cities and 95 major cities abroad, with a high penetration rate.
The number of media outlets in the building increased by 325,000 over 22 years, and the number of cinema screen advertising outlets collaborated with the number of Sunda Securities Inc. increased by 151 over 22 years.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. marketing capacity has been achieved with cloud-side online delivery, online monitoring of broadcast status, and accurate placement; and at the same time, in Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, House 9, 9th Street, building 1
The high share of red money continues to boost investors’ confidence. The company's share of gold per 10 shares is 100 million yuan, representing 98.7% of the net profit from the current return, a high proportion of red money, and a high priority for the company.
At the same time, there is a requirement that the share of cash in profit distribution should be as low as 80% of the current share of profit distribution, while strong cash flows and a stable cash distribution policy continue to boost investor confidence when a company is mature at the stage of its development without major financial expenditures.
In January-February of 24th year, the advertising market increased, and elevators, lcd and elevator poster channels showed a bright \triangleright eye, with strong media outlets. According to data from the ctr media, 23 years of the country
The company’s customer structure is diverse, covering a wide range of industries, such as consumer goods for daily use, the Internet, and real estate. The daily consumer/Internet customer ratio is stable at over 52 per cent/11 per cent, respectively. Outdoor advertising is diverse, including high irons, airports, elevators, cinemas, etc.
According to the ctr media, the cost of advertising in the city rose 12.3% in February, 9 percentage points more than in January. The monthly advertising of television, radio, subway, elevator lcd, and elevator posters increased, especially electricity.
Ladder lcd and elevator posters have increased by more than 25%, and consumer goods clients have been well placed. We expect that the budget of clients in the cultural tourism, Internet, etc., will be raised in the second quarter of 24 years, and that the advantages of the channel will be recognized.
\triangleright Risk factor: The recovery of consumption below the line is not as fast as expected, and the advertising owner's budget is not as fast as expected
The University of Post and Telecommunications has a bachelor's degree in computers, who worked in telecommunications for three years in the first market, five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, etc.) and owners.
Joining the Sindam Securities Research and Development Center in the year, the focus is now mainly on US stock research and coverage of a and port shares in the context of overseas mapping. Part of this is irrelevant, not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.