Industry leader, steady ahead - Industry and Commerce Bank (601398) depth report Industry: liquidity shift to tight balance, big business benefits ahead of schedule
In the second half of 2016, liquidity in the banking sector began to tighten, with market interest rates rising. In the process of raising market interest rates, a strong deposit base put relatively low pressure on its liabilities.
Differences: Low-cost, stable deposit-support differentials Higher percentage of personal demand deposits: smaller unit deposits and less pressure on aggregates. These factors keep the cost of savings in the industry low. Helps the industry to maintain a stable rate of interest differentials.
In addition to having a retail base of customers, the union has a retail base of customers.
The Unit, in contrast to the 300-percent trend, has also increased its investment in public finance.
The industry’s overseas operations are dominated by wholesale financing, and the internationalization layout is almost complete. Because the target clients are dominated by large-scale enterprises, the external disadvantage rate is significantly lower than the overall disadvantage rate.
In the course of the bank’s gradual recovery of profits, stock risk will be more stressful than credit costs.
The profits were raised to 7.2% and the cost of credit was also increased to 0.94% before the bank was set aside in one quarter. The basics of the business bank continued to improve at the end of the quarter. As market interest rates gradually rose, the end price of the bank ' s assets increased, with a positive impact on interest differentials over the long term.
1. Banking dynamics report: the tiles have been continuously upgraded and 7c day group collection of North red certificates has been collected.
I. BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS IN 1984, AS A SYSTEMIC IMPORTANT BUSINESS THAT IS THE MOST ENTRY OF NATIONAL ASSETS AND THE FIRST GLOBAL ASSOCIATION. After years of steady development, business banks provide a wide range of services to 5.32 million corporate clients and 496 million individuals worldwide.
By the first quarter of 2017, the group had 24.9 trillion yuan in assets, 13.57 trillion yuan in loans and 18,57 trillion yuan in customer deposits, all of which were in the forefront of the industry. In 2016, the total share of the industry in the deposit market was 11.84 per cent, the total share of the loan market was 12.24 per cent, and the total share of the deposit and loan market was in the top four tiers.
In April 2005, the State Council officially approved a restructuring programme for business and banking units. In October of the same year, the Bank of Commerce and Industry, Inc. was established. In 2006, the three companies, Goldman Sachs, Anglo-Anglo-Municipal, were introduced as strategic investors abroad, accounting for 8.89 per cent of investments, which is more than 1.22 times the net book value.
Since then, the Bank has signed a strategic investment and cooperation agreement with the Board of the National Social Security Fund, which will invest $18.8 billion in the Bank. On October 27, 2006, the Chamber of Commerce and Industry ' s h-stock was listed in the Hong Kong Joint Exchange and a-stock at the Shanghai Stock Exchange. As of the end of the first quarter of 17 years, the first shareholder of the Bank was a money-transfer company with a shareholding.
The central bank has rebooted its 14-day counter-purchases since August 16, and the monetary policy approach has been fine-tuned, with reverse buy-backs shifting to shorter release periods. After that, in the first half of 17, the reverse buy-back, mlf, and slf operating interest rates have been raised.
In essence, banks’ off-the-shelf assets have been added to the broad credit in the mpa test since 17 years. In the second half of 2016, liquidity in the banking sector began to tighten, and market interest rates have gradually risen.
Figure 2: Net financing of business registers Bank stock pressure increased and small and medium bank deposits slowed down. For banks, the associated debt, structural savings costs linked to market interest rates gradually increased, and the relative dependence on deposits increased.
The base of the network, which has a wider distribution of large-line points, and the time to take root in the various regions, is therefore higher in large banks. In the process of raising market interest rates, a solid deposit base has placed it under relatively low pressure. Small and medium-sized banks have increased their pressure on the banks as liquidity tightens, with deposits in small and medium-sized banks growing by 11.8 per cent at the end of June, compared with 17.4 per cent at the end of the previous year.
Figure 3: Small and medium-sized bank deposits are slowing down, credit is slowing down, and the growth is becoming more structural. The m2 growth rate has continued to slow since this year, and the rate of growth in June has been low, at 9.4 per cent. In the process of deleveraging, non-credit derivatives have also suffered, in addition to the slowdown in the financial system.
In this context, the expansion of commercial banks has also slowed since the beginning of the year, down by 3.2 percentage points from 12.0 per cent in June, compared to 15.2 per cent in January. There is a structural division between the size of the big and the small and medium-sized bank. The total assets of the big bank grew by 8.8 per cent at the end of June, a smaller decline than at the beginning of the year; and the share system.
In the first half of the year, RMB $7.97 trillion was loaned, an increase of $440 billion compared to the same period last year. And the financing structure was better, with enterprises accounting for 52% of total long-term loans in the first half of the year, compared with the previous year.
The price of bank loans is also affected by the cost of indebtedness, the need for financing, and the price of bank loans is rising. Since benchmark interest rates have not been adjusted, the increase in pricing has been accompanied by an increase in the pace of maturity, so that the impact of the increase on spreads has been less than the market interest rate.
Quarterly maturities gradually shrink and end-of-debt cost pressures diminish. Rigid financing needs remain, end-of-asset returns remain open, and the difference in interest is expected to rise back in the second half of the year.
The net spread reflects the bank’s profitability, that is, the 16-year net difference between the bank’s use of funds and the capital bank’s interest margin is lower than in the previous year. However, the net spread and the net interest differential are higher than in the industry during the same period, reflecting a healthy business style.
(i) The steady increase in the size of the deposits is the basis for the expansion of the size of the trades. The market is well occupied and the deposits are growing at a relatively stable rate. At the same time, the overall savings of the trades have been increasing at a relatively steady rate.
The lower cost helps the industry to maintain the absolute rate of interest differentials. The cost of working life deposits and time deposits is lower than in industry. At the end of 2016, the cost of working life deposits was 0.66 per cent and the cost of personal time deposits was 0.31 per cent;
Business time deposit costs are 2.48%, individual time deposit costs 2.69%, and the industry has lower demand and time deposit rates. We measure the industry cost of 1.49% in 2016.
Figure 8: The cost rate of bank deposits has an advantage over the maintenance of customer relations. The size of individual deposits is more stable than that of individual deposits. At the end of 16 years, the share of individual deposits was 46%, and vertically the proportion of individual deposits has been maintained. In listed banks, the share of individual bank deposits is second only to that of agricultural workers.
Low-cost personal demand deposits are higher. The interest rate on deposit in demand deposits is much lower than that on time deposits, and the interest rate on individual bank deposits is lower than on par.
At the end of 2016, there were some 17.2 million establishments, including 16.7 million in the country and 412 in the overseas sector. The number of branches of the trade was more widely distributed than that of small and medium-sized banks. The number of base-level outlets also remained at around 13,000 and was at the forefront of the industry; and, in addition, the number of branches of the industry was distributed.
At the current stage of China’s economic development and population distribution, the Eastern region has a relatively dense network of outlets.
A bank account deposit is defined as the value of the total bank liability as compared to the total bank account value, which can be used to indicate the size of the bank’s deposit. If the value of the unit deposit is larger, there is a greater pressure on the bank to absorb the deposit, and in order to do the deposit, the bank will increase the interest rate of the deposit.
The value of the bank’s unit deposits is at a lower level, and the bank’s branch offices are under less stress.
The industry ' s share of non-interest income continued to increase, with room for improvement. Since 2013, the industry ' s share of non-interest income continued to increase, from 27.7 per cent to 35.6 per cent, and the industry ' s share of non-interest income increased at a medium level.
The increase in the share of non-interest income has benefited from the rapid growth in the operations of the controlling subsidiary. The continuing increase in the share of other operations since 13 years has been the main driver of the increase in the share of non-interest income.
The net income (other business income - other business costs) has also increased significantly over 16 years, from $314 million at the end of 15 years to 16 integrated business systems.
The net profit income of the controlling subsidiary has been growing. The Bank’s premium income has grown rapidly, driving investment-side expansion and higher return on investment. (ii) Financial processing fees have shown remarkable performance.
In the first quarter of the year, income from fees and commissions has remained stable.17 Revenue from fees and fees has been affected by business changes, bank card policies and surrogates, which have made it difficult to increase. 830 million cards from banks and banks, representing an increase of 81.45 million cards from the previous year, and 37.670 billion yuan in fees and charges from bank accounts.
Retailing, contributing to public revenue management. Financial operations account for 35% of total revenue at the end of the 16th year, and their income is higher than year after year.
In retail, the industry has a broad base of customer service and credit credibility, precision marketing and proper allocation of big data-based financial products. The industry has expanded its management of assets to include investment in public finances, in addition to the retail base, and has maintained public finances for 16 years on a certain scale.
The ratio of cost to cost is at the lowest level in the industry, reflecting the higher profitability and space of the industry. The ratio of cost to cost is the ratio of operating expenses to business income, the lower the ratio of cost to business capacity, the greater the margin of profitability. In the first quarter of 2017, the ratio of cost to industry was 19.32 per cent, the lowest; and the ratio of cost to income was at the end of last year.
This is a decrease of 6.60 per cent compared to most banks, which indicates that the capacity of the industry to operate is constantly increasing, with greater profitability and means to guarantee the growth of operating profits.
(i) The internationalization layout is gradually being completed, with assets of better quality than the internal internationalization process, which is largely complete and has a wide range of coverage. By the end of 2016, the Bank had achieved a network of services covering six major international financial centres on the continent and globally, with 412 institutions in 42 countries and territories.
With the implementation of China’s “out-of-the-way” strategy and its “one-way” national strategy, the Bank’s overseas operations are dominated by wholesale financing. In the future, the Bank will deepen the integration of global resources and increase synergies between domestic and foreign operations.
The percentage of loans to offshore enterprises is increasing year by year, and the rate of non-performing abroad is significantly lower than the overall rate.
The size and share of the bank’s offshore deposits are increasing from year to year, with interest rates below the overall level.
At the end of 2012, 32.613 billion yuan was increased to 693.03 billion yuan by the end of 2016, a year-by-year increase; the ratio of deposits to 2,61 per cent from the end of 2012 helped to balance the cost of liabilities.
(ii) Mutually financed operations: the inter-fund system has been upgraded to make customers more sticky; Internet finance, on the one hand, has had a certain impact and challenge on traditional banking and, on the other hand, has contributed to the ongoing innovation of traditional banking. In 2015, the Bank took the lead in building a three-platform, one-centre, and the three-platform refers to integration.
e Open web banking platform, e-buying e-commerce platform, e-mailing platform. “One centre” refers to a network finance centre.
By creating a platform for e-buying, the firm helps clients expand their customers, commercial sales, and branding. Deepening relationships with businesses, government clients, especially large businesses such as commercial estates, cars, etc.
It is more appropriate to standardize the need for financing services for large enterprises, with small, medium and small individual credit lines and symmetrical information.
(i) Loan caution was higher than the industry’s bad growth rate, which slowed down in 16 years, below the industry level. As the size of the bank’s lending increased, the negative rate rose from 1.29 per cent to 1.59 per cent, not more than $2.52 billion, with the negative rate rising from 1.29 per cent to 1.59 per cent.
Bank loans are more prudent than the industry, and the value of bad/90 days or more is higher than that of the industry. There are more conditions for poor classification of loans, and there are also subjective bank judgements.
Vertically, in the last few years, the industry has maintained consistent recognition criteria during the period of continuous exposure to risks. In the process of the gradual recovery of bank profits, stock risk will put more pressure on the cost of credit than banks that identify a slightly worse standard.
The impact of factors such as domestic economic restructuring and industrial upgrading has resulted in higher and higher risk of default in traditional sectors such as manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade, real estate, and construction.
(ii) The negative net rate of production, which is lower than the industry level for more than 90 days of late generation, is generally classified in the category of non-performing loans for more than 90 days, and the rate for more than 90 days also indicates a relatively low level of non-performing loans.
The rate of negative net output per single quarter is lower than the industry level. The low rate of negative net yields represents the marginal increase in the actual increase in non-performing loans, and the negative generation is also affected by the banks’ subjective perception of negative net generation.
In a horizontal comparison, as in several other major businesses, the industry has a one-time negative net rate of production below industry levels. In the context of the regional adverse weather, the industry is less exposed to stock risk and is expected to continue to slow down in the future. The rate of late generation over 90 days is lower in the industry.
The rate of generation of overdue balances above the day, i.e. closing balances - opening balances + write-off and the size of the forward as molecules of the generation rate. As can be seen, the industry ' s rate of generation of overdues over 90 days is also at a low level, similar to the rate of undesirable production. (iii) Concern is expressed about the loan rate, the drop in the loan rate of the 90-day period.
The Bank is concerned about the loan rate and the drop in the default rate within 90 days. Since the ratio of loan-of-interest and loan-over within 90 days are the last to be classified as non-performing loans, these two indicators are usually used as forward-looking indicators for the observation of non-performing loans.
The future asset quality is expected to stabilize over time as the enterprise ' s balance sheet is restored. (iv) 17q1 has been set aside for ring recovery, with significant write-off efforts totalling $74.1 billion in bad write-offs throughout the year, an increase of $13.8 billion over the 16-year period.
Pre-worker profits increased from 0.2 per cent to 7.2 per cent throughout the 16-year period, and the cost of credit increased to 0.94 per cent. The provision was the same year at the end of the quarter; at the end of the same quarter, the rate of increase was 10 per cent.
As market interest rates rise and transfer to the end of the bank’s assets rise, the price will increase, with a positive impact on the bank’s interest differentials in the long run. Undesirable forward-looking indicators gradually improve, and new negatives are expected to be projected on the basis of the business bank’s indicators:
1. Consider that asset-end capital financing needs are still present and more rigid, and that regulated financing channels are concentrated on loans; The ability of debtor end-of-life firms to secure stable deposits is also the basis for ensuring scale-up. We project total asset growth of 7.3% over three years, benefiting from higher asset-end prices and a more stable cost of liabilities after repricing.
2. With regard to non-interest income, revenue from fees has increased or declined as a result of policies. However, the overall rate of non-interest income gains from integrated operations is expected to continue.3 The rate of increase has risen to 7.2 per cent before the provision of the industry in the first quarter of the year.
On the basis of these profit projections, business banks are strongly recommended ratings, and we predict that over 17-19 years bvps are 5.85 years, and that the economy’s over-expected downside leads to a substantial deterioration in asset quality; and that there are significant policy changes.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Internal Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.