Gas production increased and petrochemical production stabilized, with China ' s petrochemicals published production and operations data for 2016, with companies producing 303.50 million barrels of crude oil, a 13.15 per cent decline in 2016, a 76,614 billion cubic feet increase in natural gas production, a 4.27 per cent increase in the same year; and a combined volume of oil and gas equivalents.
Oil and oil production increased by the same year \triangleright In 2016, despite a rebound in international oil prices, the average price for Brent was only $44.28 per barrel for the year, compared to the same year
In the face of high losses above low oil prices, firms have saved costs by reducing upstream investment and closing down inefficient oil wells, which has affected crude oil production by 13.15% more than in the same year. Natural gas has increased gas production by 4.27% compared to the same year, thanks to strong demand and strong gas fields.
The Unit is 0.41 per cent less than the 300-degree trend, but the company has achieved the same level of growth in the production of finished oil through the outsourcing of raw materials and technological improvements, while further reducing the fuel-fuel ratio.
Synthetic resins, fibres, rubber stabilization. Chemical plates produced 11,590 tons of ethylene in 2016, a 0.53 per cent decrease in the same year, and synthetic resins, fibres, rubbers, a total of 17.3 million tons, an increase of 0.64 per cent in the same year.
As the largest petrochemical enterprise in the country, companies rely on their own technology, marketing channels, price controls, etc., and the chemical panels continue to be highly profitable. The state’s reform pioneers, and the sales boards are expected to be better placed on the market.
China's petrochemicals have been at the forefront of the reform of the oil and gas sector in the state-owned reform process, and the major assets under the flag have been listed in large part as a whole or individually. And companies have performed well and have been most profitable.
We believe that as the process of mixing the hydrocarbon sector progresses, the sales block achieves the expectations of separate listings, III. Prospectives for profit and investment proposals. Macroeconomics are not as high as expected; international oil prices are highly volatile; the prices of hydrocarbons are low; and the oil and gas sector is not reformed as expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computing the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with civil securities, conducting industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, 2015.
Li Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, Graduated from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and Specialized in Chemistry. Worked in China, Beijing, from August 2010 to February 2016, in the management of oil refining and chemical production techniques. Joined in March 2016, where he conducted research on the direction of petrochemicals.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,