Upstream losses held up year-round performance, oil refining as a major profit-making operation performed slightly less than expected year-round, and major business earned less than expected \triangleright
The net profit of shareholders after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses was 29.713 billion yuan, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the same period.
The company ' s upstream exploration and exploitation plate achieved 36.38 million tons of crude oil sales year-round, a 13.8 per cent decrease; sales of natural gas, 20.560 billion cubic metres, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same year; sales of crude oil averaged RMB 1734/tonne, a decrease of 13.9 per cent compared to the same year; and sales of natural gas averaged RMB 1267/km3 lower.
17.5 per cent. As a result of the sharp decline in crude oil and gas prices, exploration and development plates lost $36.6 billion a year, dragged the refined oil to a high level and contributed to the main profits The refining business benefited from a rebound in international oil prices, the price of products and the cost of raw materials increased, and the refining of the oil substantially increased the price of the refined oil.
Up to $471.9 tons, an increase of $153.8 tons over the same period, while the establishment of floor prices during the quarter also significantly increased the profits from refining oil. In 2016, the refined oil plate generated 56.3 billion yuan, an increase of $35.3 billion over the same period.
The prices of the six main categories of the chemical plate fell in 2016, but, depending on the volume of products sold, the annual operating income was $33.51 billion, an increase of 1.9 per cent, while the raw materials were optimized.
Building and controlling costs to achieve business gains of $20.6 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion. The current ethylene and acrylic climate cycle is continuing, and companies will continue to benefit as the largest producers in the country.
Companies sell plates mainly for direct sale and distribution of gasoline, kerosene, and diesel, and the profitability of the plates is less affected by crude oil prices. In 2016, the profits were increased by increasing the sales of gasoline and the share of high-priced gasoline, with lower demand for diesel fuel.
1. China ' s petrochemical (600028) evaluation report: increased gas emissions and stable production of petrochemical products
International oil prices have fallen sharply; polyolefin prices have fallen; and reforms in the hydrocarbon industry have fallen short of expectations.
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.