International oil prices fell considerably on 8, 9 and 10 March, almost 10 per cent in aggregate, almost three months after they were rounded up, and the entire petrochemical plate of the affected a also rewinded significantly.
The industry tap is an example of a value investment. \triangleright, China's petrochemicals are the domestic oil and chemical refineries, one of which has a refining capacity of 289 million tons/year, which is around the country.
40%, or about 6% of total global capacity, is in the top position in the world; ethylene production is over 11 million tonnes/year, accounting for about 7% of total global capacity, and ranked fourth in the world. Performance is sustained, with refining and chemicals entering a profit-making cycle.
Based on our relative optimism about oil prices, assuming that Brent's average price was $60 per barrel in 2017, we expect China's profits from petrochemicals to be around $80-100 billion this year. With the recovery of oil prices, upstream exploration and development panel performance will improve significantly, and it is hoped that we will lose the profits; oil refining and chemicals will enter a profit-making cycle.
Compared to the trend of depth 300, the Unit expects a net profit of approximately $20 billion per quarter from the refined plate, which is the main business contributing to the profit; and the sales block, which has a stable performance and rapidly developing non-oil operations, is expected to be listed separately in the Hong Kong stock in the future, leading to a significant increase in valuation
The market value of China's petrochemicals, which are mostly held by China's petrochemical group and the Cs, Cs, Cs, and Cs, which, in historical experience, showed that China's petrochemical performance was clearly better than that of the other shares in the plate when the entire market fell sharply.
At the same time, China’s petrochemical pb (0.98) and v/ebitda (4.73) are historically low, and their valuations are purely upwards. International oil prices have fallen sharply, polyfin hydrocarbons have fallen, and reforms in the oil and gas industry have fallen short of expectations.
1. " China ' s petrochemical (600028) evaluation report: increased gas emissions, stable production of petrochemical products " 20170203 Yang Xiao: joint training of Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computing chemical and hydrocarbon resources) with the Department of Chemicals of Rutgers University, Nanjing University, United States of America
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.