Together, Jiang and Sabic signed a strategic cooperation agreement, witnessed by the President of China, Xi Jinping, and King Salman of Saudi Arabia, between Wang Yupu, Chairman of the China PIC Group, and Saoud, Chairman of the Sabic Industries Company, to explore a strategic cooperation agreement between China and Saudi Arabia.
Opportunities for project cooperation aimed at jointly advancing China's “one way” initiative with Saudi Arabia's “2030 Vision.” Together, the two major energy giants wrote a new chapter on cooperation \triangleright
China ' s petrochemicals started a joint venture with Sabic in 2010, one of the largest ethylene joint ventures in China. The Yanbu refinery in Saudi Arabia is China’s first overseas refining project and China’s largest investment project in Saudi Arabia.
Further deepening the cooperation that exists between the two countries will help them to achieve complementarities in the use of their resources and a shift in their style.
China ' s petrochemicals are the two-lead domestic refineries of oil and chemicals, one of which has a refining capacity of 289 million tons per year, or about 40 per cent of the country ' s total capacity, which is about 6 per cent of the world ' s total capacity and ranks first in the world; ethylene production is over 11 million tons per year, accounting for about 7 per cent of the total global capacity, and is fourth in the world.
Performance is strong, refining and chemicals are entering a profitable cycle, \triangleright, based on our relative optimism about oil prices, assuming that the average Brent price is $60 per barrel in 2017.
They expect China’s petrochemical profits to be around 80-100 billion this year. With the recovery of oil prices, the performance of the exploration and development panel will improve significantly and it is hoped that it will be lost; the refining and chemical industry will enter a profit-making cycle, and we expect a net profit of about $20 billion per quarter from the refining plate, which will be the main business contributing to the profits; and the sales panel will perform steadily.
The non-oil business is growing rapidly, and the plate is expected to be marketed separately in the future, leading to a significant increase in valuations. Stock prices are high at a safe margin, and the valuations contain uplifting space.
History has shown that China’s petrochemical performance was significantly better than that of the other shares in the plate when the market fell. At the same time, China’s petrochemical pb (0.98) and v/ebitda (4.73) were at historical lows, and their valuations were purely upwards in the restoration of space.
III. Prospectives and investment proposals for profits and international oil prices have fallen sharply; prices for polyolefins have fallen; and reforms in the hydrocarbon sector have fallen short of expectations.
Production stability of petrochemical products 20170203 Yang Jian: The Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the United States University of Rutgers Department of Chemical Industry, developed a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating the Directions of Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) with a undergraduate specialization in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with civil securities, conducting industrial research on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, 2015.
Li Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, Graduated from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and Specialized in Chemistry. Worked in China, Beijing, from August 2010 to February 2016, in the management of oil refining and chemical production techniques. Joined in March 2016, where he conducted research on the direction of petrochemicals.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,