Audio Holdings (688036): 1q22 performed as expected, with audio Holdings reporting the first quarter of 2022: real operating income of the company in the first quarter of 2022: $11,055 million, a 1.75 per cent decrease in the same year; net return to the mother
The product structure continues to be optimized, the Māori ring ratio is restored 2022q1, due to the impact of the Shenzhen epidemic on the Pearl Triangle supply chain, and the Hong Kong epidemic has limited company transport and logistics, and the supply of soc upstream remains limited
The gap is due to a certain supply shortage of corporate products during the quarter, the overall mobile phone structure of the company's products continues to improve, and smartphones account for 87% of mobile business receipts, bringing the Māori rate back to 21.43%, a significant improvement in the ring ratio.
Outside, firms strategically repositioned their delivery regions to achieve a higher proportion of new markets. “Replication” of Africa’s business path in emerging market countries, 2021, companies continued to feed into emerging markets such as South Asia in Africa to achieve a product structure
At the same time, the company continued to exploit South Asian markets, based on idc data, in 2021.
The Division is ranked first in Pakistan, with more than 40% of smart machines; second in Bangladesh, with 20.1% of smart machines; and sixth in India, with 7.1% of smart machines. In addition, companies are actively exploring emerging markets outside Africa.
Expanding opportunities in the Middle East markets such as Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Latin American and Russian markets. Companies are expected to re-open Africa’s business paths and further expand the new New New Emerging Markets, Long-Term Propaganda.
"Performance is bright, emerging market shares are further, branding effects are increasing. Localized business models strengthen competition.
20220426 Focusing on home-grown operations and technological R & D innovations, firm implementation of the strategy of “locality- and people-friendly” targeting objective environments and user needs in different regions
In the meantime, the company captures the characteristics of the less developed regions and rolls out a mix of functional + smarter products to divide the market with a multi-brand strategy, with three major mobile brands: tecno, itel, infinix.
On the management side, the company focuses on offshore transport and its core management team has been plowing the African market for years, establishing a well-developed overseas business system and strong business capability.
In terms of research and development, companies are based on African-localized deep-skinned photo-taking techniques, innovation in the application of new hard materials, big-data user behavior analysis and os systems, and moving each other.
The four core technical areas of joint product services have further increased R & D inputs, and pre-existing enabling firms have maintained strong competitive positions in African markets, with differentiated strategies that give firms a unique competitive advantage.
Industry downside risks, end product sales below expected risks, industry competition, electronics group presentation Mao Jianxing: University of Gangan, three years of US semiconductor company work experience, participation in the world
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.