The growth in performance was higher than expected, with the exploration build-up and the company issuing its semi-annual report for 2023, which was more stable than expected. On 17 July 2023, Silver Thai gold released its semi-annual report for 2023.
The average sale price of corporate alloys for the second quarter is approximately $420/g. • Accelerating the pace of increased deposits of prospecting, with very broad exploration prospects, and by the end of 2022, the total combined amount of silver and Thai gold (including surface deposits) ore volume
The total market value/market value in circulation (million yuan) is 364,312 tons of 16,671 tons of copper and metals, 6.35 million tons of copper and 18,2 million tons of tin and tin.
The mining conditions are superior, and there are a number of genetic anomalies around the two mining rights, with great potential for finding them. 2) The right to prospecting on the edges of the gold and gold mines of China's Silver-Thai Investment Co. Ltd. also has good clues, and the right to prospecting in the Pasquale Trench has been opened.
Drilling works were carried out, and industrial bodies were discovered. 3) The gold and tin mines were discovered deep in the silver lead mines of the Yulong mines, and exploration work is proceeding.
On 9 December 2022, the company ' s de facto controller, Mr. Shen, and the controlling shareholder, China Silver-Thai Investments Ltd., signed an Agreement on Transfer of Shares with Shandong Gold, transferring a total of 581 million shares (20.93 per cent of the company ' s total share capital) to Shandong Gold.
By the end of June 2023, Shandong Gold had obtained the approval of the Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd. Agreement, issued by Shandong Province State Finance Committee, to be held by Silver Thai Gold Co. Ltd., and the Operator's Central Reaction, issued by the National Directorate of Market Supervision.
As of 17 July 2023, both parties are in the process of transferring shares. Once the shares have been registered, Shandong Gold will become a company.
On July 12, 2023, the U.S. government,
The latest United States cpi, June, showed a 3.0 per cent increase in the United States cpi year-on-year, falling 12 months in a row, lower than the projected 3.1 per cent, with a previous value of 4.0 per cent; moreover, the June pi data released last Thursday shows that while the Fed is still talking, the market expects the Fed to raise its interest twice a year.
This drop has led to a dollar index that has once fallen below 100, with gold prices likely to continue to improve in the short term; in the long run, the US economy is expected to weaken, the Fed is about to stop raising interest rates, and the dollar assets such as gold are about to rise in a new round.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective, fair, and independent of other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.