One car, Xu Liuping's arrival to open the curtain of a group reform, and since 2017, the new Mata Cx-4, the new Atez and Pentenx 40 sales have made the company a star.
Xu Xu has been able to smooth out the company's business lines. He's got a lot of moves, his organizational structure, and his team's resources have been aligned to make a strong and autonomous brand; he's been heavily adjusted, he's got talent, he's got all over the board, he's got all the staff, he's completely stripped of the red flag assets, he's got the company's line of business, he's got gas, he's got the east wind, and he's got the company's line of business.
The three countries have signed strategic cooperation agreements, joined forces, shared research in emerging areas, and pushed out mature and landingable products as soon as possible. The sharpness and precision of the instruments, and the great impact of the change in style, is gradually becoming apparent.
Considering that the company's transfer of the remaining red flag assets to a single stock is expected to increase its profits by $100 million a year, we expect to focus on the impact of the change of command, and state-owned reforms are expected to accelerate. This Xu's rotation of the chairman of any steam group reflects the central desire to revive one.
Organizational structure, consolidation of group resources for strong ownership; intensive restructuring of personnel, appointment of talent, full-time competition for staff dynamism; complete divestment of red flag assets and rationalization of company lines of business; strategic cooperation agreements between the three major companies, one gas, one east wind, and the other, Changyan, for strong union and sharing
Research in the emerging field is starting to produce mature, landingable products as soon as possible. The sharpness of the method, and the great impact of the change in style, is gradually being demonstrated. During the Xu Liu Yiping's lead on the Cheong An Car Group, Chang An's vehicle became the first self-car brand to sell more than a million dollars, demonstrating its ability.
Reawakening a steam requires pooling of resources to do a big job, a group reform is on the way, and Xu Yuping’s transfer is expected to speed up the group’s overall listing process. Marketing performance is bright, and performance is repulsing.
Red flag assets have been removed, and performance levels have been under way. Since 2017, Madax-4 and All-New Attez have been sold at around 10,000 vehicles per month, Bentex 40 has been marketed quickly becoming the main engine of the troupe brand, tens of thousands in November, 228,000 in January-November, a year-on-year increase in the company's sales.
21.1% resulted in a significant increase in operating income and a loss. The company announced its intention to transfer fixed assets and stocks related to parts and components of red flag products to the controlling shareholder’s shareholdings at a cost of $290 million, which is expected to increase profits by about $100 million in 2017.
Focusing heavily on Bent, Madeda operations, the company is expected to sell more than 250,000 vehicles and perform better throughout the year. 1) Reform of a steam group as a result of a change of command is not as strong as expected; 2) A steam group as a whole is not on the market as expected; 3) sales are lower than expected.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, considering that the company is expected to increase its annual profits by 100 million yuan in transferring surplus red flag assets to a single stock.
A sedan.