For the first time, state corporations have been able to regenerate, and new business has grown both in the sea, covering the edifice engineering industry, with many products in the lead globally and domestically.
The company was founded in Jiangsu Xuzhou in 1996 and has grown over the years into a leading company in the engineering and machinery industry. The company's products are rich, with many types of products at the top of the world's and the country's leading industry; the company's cranes, mobile cranes, and horizontal-directional drilling.
(a) Maintenance of the world's number one; industrial machinery, concrete machinery to secure the world's first camp; road machinery, vehicle cranes, tower cranes to maintain the world's third; high-altitude platform to the world's third;
In 2024, the engineering and machinery industry, which has been in the downward cycle since 2021.
We believe that in 2024, the company prices compared to the trend of 300 in depth are expected to rise steadily in the engineering sector.
Domestic demand and in-house demand data continue to grow. In March-August 2024, domestic sales in excavators increased at a positive rate, and began to show an accelerated improvement in April.
On the external side, there is a greater scope for overseas markets from the demand side, which is the main engine of growth for the development of domestic industries. On the supply side, domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers have accelerated their overseas deployment in recent years, actively promoting internationalization strategies, and the ratio of overseas receipts has increased significantly.
Recovering the situation and restoring the overseas supply chain, since June 2023, the number of excavators exported per month has fallen by the same amount. However, in August 2024, domestic excavators exported more than before, with an increase of 6.95%.
• Emerging business is growing faster, and there is much to be gained from overseas markets where companies' traditional engineering and mechanical products are expected to grow faster, but new business and sea are expected to grow as the industry recovers
There is also much room for growth in the external market. In particular: (1), mine machines. The market space for mining machines is large, and growth is clear. Thanks to the continued development of domestic infrastructure and mineral resources, and the Government’s policy support for the mining machinery industry, the country’s economy has become more dynamic.
The market for mining machines has grown steadily in size. The company has a well-structured mining company, which collected $3.54 billion, or 7.13 per cent, in 2019-2023, and is expected to be a new growth point for Xu. 2, high-altitude operating machinery. As the economy has evolved and the urbanization process has advanced, high-altitude operating platforms have been developed.
There is still much room for growth in the Chinese market with regard to the per capita holdings of high-altitude equipment on the United States market. According to the Access International, 2023, Xu was ranked third in sales of $1,502 million.
High-level business is expected to grow again as the industry cycle picks up. Multiple overseas affiliates, more than 300 overseas dealers, more than 2,000 overseas service spare parts outlets, camps
In 2024, companies established trade-type subsidiaries in Japan, Malaysia, etc. We looked at the continued development of Xu's various products in domestic and overseas markets and expect the company to do so.
1) Domestic sector demand is not as high as expected; 2) overseas markets are not expanding as expected; 3) receivables recovery risks; 4) industry competition is increasing.1 Engineering and machinery lead enterprises are being reformed to achieve new heights
1.1 Deep-farming engineering machinery, which has actively promoted innovation since its establishment in Jiangsu Xuzhou in 1996, has gradually grown into a leading enterprise in the engineering and machinery industry of the country, with three stages of strategic development:
Initial exploration period (1943-1996): Relying on the Xu Industrial Group, the Xu Industrial Group’s predecessor began in 1943 with the creation of the 8th Lunan Army Plant, the birthplace of the first vehicle crane and the first road crusher in the new China. After many years of research and development, the Xu Industrial Group has grown up during the advanced stages of reform and transformation.
China’s lead engineering and machinery industry is the largest, most varied and varied, competitive and influential group of firms in China’s engineering and machinery industry. Xu is a company owned by Xu's company, which was set up in 1993 through targeted fund-raising; in 1996, the company was listed as the only one in the group.
2) Business Extension Period (1997-2021): Since then, the powerful Xu Engineering Group, which relies on the powerful Xu Engineering Group, has received a number of high-quality asset injections from the Group. In 2009, the Xu Industry Group was increased to acquire 90% of Xu State heavy equity, 50% of hydraulic hardware, 60% of specialized vehicle companies, etc., and the acquisition group held the same in 2011.
Xu Construction Roads; Investing in the establishment of Xu Industries Group (Hong Kong) International Trade, 2018, with a non-public share of 2.49 billion for high-altitude platforms, smart logistics. Reform expansion period (2021-present): Xu Engineering began to merge Xu in 2021, and
On August 29, new shares were added to the market and the integration of Xu was completed. The company's engineering and machinery section was brought to the market as a whole. After this reorganization was completed, it helped Xu to build a more internationally competitive cluster of machinery and equipment.
In 2023, khl published a list of top 50 manufacturers of engineering machinery in the world, and Xu was the third and first country in the world with $13.407 billion in sales.
Figure 1 Xu's development history 1.2 Local government holdings, management experience, are the only listed company under Xu's flag and, as of 30 September 2024, Xu State Treasury
Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi
Figure 2 Corporate equity structure (as of 30 September 2024) Corporate management has a wealth of industry management experience and a deep and forward-looking understanding of industry development.
Experience and a profound understanding of the industry contribute to the future development of the company, laying the foundation for its continued competitive and leading position.
1.3 Deep-farming engineering machinery, product diversification, deep-farming engineering machinery, comprehensive system resolution programmes for clients through a combination of high-quality products and services.
In 2022, Xu was given a large number of high-quality assets for the production of engineering machinery, such as machinery, concrete machinery, mining machinery, tower cranes, etc., under the limited flag of Xu.
The Corps is already one of the most diverse and full-fledged companies in the world in terms of product varieties and series of engineering and machinery manufacturers. Figure 4 Some examples of corporate product patterns that insist on strong core engineering and machinery industries, fine parts industries, and the development of new strategic industries at the core.
With regard to the engineering and machinery industry, Xu's deep cultivation of machinery such as heavy machinery, earth machinery, concrete machinery, and so on, has made steady progress. In 2023, it achieved $225,660, $211.87, 10,425 million, respectively, and remained at the forefront of the world, further consolidating the company's niche; and in strategic and emerging industries such as agricultural machinery, mining machines, sanitation and high-altitude machinery, the public sector has been able to support the development of new technologies.
With regard to the spare parts industry, companies have increased their training. On the one hand, they have strengthened their research and development inputs, increased their ownership of the components, and on the other hand, Xu has enhanced their cost control and increased their profitability. After many years of production, Xu and Xu have developed the “traditional hosts for breakthroughs + strategic new industries have surged + core parts are active.
The most balanced and growth-oriented layout that sustains the firm’s more resilient against the cycle is, in sum, the combined speed and quality of the company’s traditional advantage, the growth but declining share of its revenues, and the continued role of the beams and ballasts.
Qualitative and qualitative double-speed growth has been achieved, and the company’s products now cover a number of product lines such as crane machinery, concrete machinery, earth machinery, agricultural machinery, fire-fighting equipment, etc.
1.4 Corporate profitability has risen steadily, and overseas operations have grown steadily in recent years. In terms of operating income, corporate revenue grew steadily between 2018 and 2021. In 2022, it was affected by the low domestic real estate sector, declining domestic demand for earth machinery, and repeated outbreaks.
In terms of net profit return, the company ' s net profit in 2021, as a result of the company ' s absorption of the merger, continued to exploit overseas markets, helping companies to develop high quality. Thanks to the company ' s overseas strategic department for many years, from 2020 to 2023, the company ' s overseas revenue and share grew rapidly, from 2020 onwards.
From the point of view of the Māori ratio of business within and outside the country, the overall Māori rate of company sales has increased from 2018 to 2018.
The company’s profitability is expected to increase further as a result of upgrading, optimization of its marketing structure and further deepening of its layout.
In recent years, companies have been determined to keep pace with changes in their innovation systems and with technology. The results have been transformed, the organization and resource restructuring of the “1+6+n” technological innovation system has been completed, and the mechanisms for innovation have been built up to penetrate downwards, horizontally and collaboratively.
From the point of view of R & D personnel, the company values recruitment and talent development. The company aims to develop a team of first-class talent, with a focus on talent self-development, while launching a “global elite hunting scheme” and so on, the company has a low cost ratio from the point of view of cost.
In terms of stability, there has been a slight increase in management and financial costs. Overall, companies are well managed, and 1.5 are steadily moving forward with state enterprise reform, and equity incentives are showing confidence in development.
In September 2020, the reform of Xu's limited mixed ownership system was fully completed through the “equity transfer” and “introduction of strategic investors and employee holding platforms” measures. After this mix, the share ratio of state ownership was maintained at 51%; 12 strategic investors held 46.28% of total shares; and the employee holding platform held 2.72%.
It can also take advantage of market investors to increase the marketization of companies. Second, in September 2022, Xu's equipment was limited to absorbing Xu's merger, which directly injected a large number of high-quality engineering and mechanical assets, including excavators, tower cranes, concrete machines, mining machines, etc., into Xu's industry.
The building blocks have been further developed, while the old traditional plates have remained strong, with the rapid growth of mining machines, high machines, concrete machinery, agricultural machinery, and so on, opening up opportunities for growth. The profitability of companies has increased significantly, and the net profits of the business and shareholder affiliation have increased significantly in 2022-2023.
\triangleright Equity Incentivizes Convergence and transmits a signal of quality development for future companies. In February 2023, for the first time, listed companies issued a restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft).
Incentives include net asset yields, net profit or net profit aggregates, and dividends for employees and companies.
Harmonizing benefits would signal Xu's future high-quality business, while mobilizing staff to further promote Xu’s high-quality development. Chart 152023 – Performance Review Requirements at the Company Level of the Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme
Figure 162023: Restricted share allocation awarded for the first time by an incentive target 2 Industry level: Domestic industry cycle turning point, overseas city playing an important role as an engine for future development
Excavators are an important category of equipment in the engineering and machinery industry, and it is clear from the sales of excavators that the engineering and machinery industry cycle was reviewed. 1) The first round of the up-to-date cycle (2009.06-2011.04): after the financial crisis in 2008, the domestic economy fluctuated considerably.
The machinery industry has been running up-to-date, with domestic excavator sales consistently increasing for the same period of 23 months. (ii) The second round of up-to-week downs in the mechanical industry, while in 2016, as the year of the 13th Five-Five, intelligent manufacturing accelerated, influenced by the growth in capital investment, equipment upgrades, “one-way” strategy, third-time upgrading of the country, etc.
The engineering and machinery industry has been in the downward cycle since May 2021. However, according to data from April-August 2024, the sales of excavators have increased at a positive rate, and the industry is now expected to be at the bottom of the cycle.
In order to better investigate the cycle of engineering machinery, we will now be able to do the same increase in the internal sales of domestic excavators in March-August 2024, which began to show an accelerated improvement in April. December 2023 is the first month since 2023, but for that reason, it is still the first month in which domestic sales have been positive.
It's good because the spring festivals affected the same period. According to past years, March was usually the year-round business month for excavators, so that the national excavator was more meaningful in March 2024 than in March 2024. And, after March 2024, the dig 19 excavators accumulated internal sales and the same sales.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, in August 2024 there were 4036 domestic loading machines sold, an increase of 8.99% in August 2024, and in January-August 2024, a total of 37388 loading machines were sold in the domestic market, an increase of 0.57% in the same year.
On balance, we believe that in-house demand for engineering machinery in 2024 is likely to be stable or even likely to rise again, 1) the property chain is rising steadily: the construction of new commodity houses is not promising, but the construction of the “three major projects” is expected to pull engineering and mechanical equipment into operation. Much of the benefit from the history of the engineering and machinery industry has been realized.
The rise of the domestic real estate sector. Developments are now in the process of restructuring the real estate market. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2023, investments in national real estate development amounted to $11,091.3 billion, a decrease of 9.6 per cent compared to the previous year; of this, 83,82 billion was invested in housing, a decrease of 9.3 per cent, in terms of the size of new construction in housing, which was accumulated in July 2024.
The same area fell by 23.20 per cent, real estate development investment continued to be under pressure, and it is expected that the construction of new commodity houses in 2024 will remain less optimistic. On the other hand, the National Working Conference on Housing Construction in Urban and Rural Areas and the work of the Biannual Conference in 2024 have focused more than once on the three pillars of guaranteed housing construction, urban and rural upgrading and “spiritual” public infrastructure construction.
The construction of the “Three Works” is a key element of the new model of real estate development, and it is also expected to boost the construction of engineering machinery and equipment and the negative impact of the decline in the construction of new housing units.
2) Capital improvements: At the policy level, the Report on the Work of the Government for 2024 mentions, on the one hand, “fulfilling the multiplier effect of good government investment, with a focus on supporting science, technology and innovation, innovative infrastructure, energy savings and carbon reduction, strengthening the vulnerability of the population and other economically and socially vulnerable sectors, and promoting flood and flood prevention infrastructure”, on the other hand.
It continues to promote the transformation of the city's villages - “promoting the construction of public infrastructure and the upgrading of the city's villages.” At the financial level, policy instruments such as public budget expenditure, special bonds, and super-permanent special state debt form a “portfolio box” - “the proposed arrangement of $3.9 trillion in local government bonds (up from $100 billion last year),
“It is proposed to issue extraordinary and long-term national debt for several consecutive years, starting with $1 trillion this year, and a deficit rate of 3%, with a deficit of $4.06 trillion.” Taken together, the 2024 biennia’s report on the government’s work strongly supports capital work, both at the policy level and at the financial level, which must boost the entire engineering and machinery industry.
According to the National Statistical Office, investment in infrastructure continued to improve. Investment in infrastructure development increased by 7.87 per cent in January-August 2024, and investment in infrastructure development (excluding electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply) by 4.4 per cent.
Figure 23 Capital asset investment (excluding electricity) cumulative year-on-year ratio3 equipment upgrade - equipment upgrade policy + environmental emission upgrade driver \triangleright
On 13 March 2024, the State Department issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods for old and new products, which calls for large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods for old and new. It is expected that the future policy end will further issue a more detailed programme of action for the industry, which is expected to promote the upgrading of old engineering and mechanical equipment.
On 24 July of that year, the National Development Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a circular on measures to increase support for large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods in order to replace them with old ones, combining the financing of super-long-term special national debt of about $300 billion and supporting large-scale equipment upgrading and consumer goods in order to replace old ones.
In addition, from the point of view of the upgrading of the equipment of the product, the number of hours of operation per month of the three-office network excavator in the Chinese region, from 2014 to 2023, was approximately 1,000 to 1600h per year, taking an average of 1300h/year, which results in the estimation of the number of hours of operation of the excavator in the Chinese region.
The equipment renewal cycle is about eight years. At the time of use, however, the actual life expectancy depends on the type, condition of use, intensity of work, maintenance, etc. The 8-10-year model is still not replaced. The starting point for the second wave of the upper cycle in 2015 is the 8/9-year replacement cycle, which is now in the equipment replacement cycle.
\triangleright Environmental Emission Upgrading Driver The Emission Emission Standard Upgrading in Engineering Machinery Industry is a necessary trend, and the “N4” Emission Standard is conducive to accelerating old and old construction.
Based on data from China's Annual Report on the Management of Mobile Sources, 2023, the country ii and the country iii models are the current dominant model of the market in 2022, but the ratio of country i and previous models is still more than 10%. Specifically, in the composition of the hc emissions, the country i and formerly accounted for 13.1% and the country 13.1%.
ii) 34.2 per cent, iii2 per cent, iii per cent, and iii only 0.5 per cent; in the composition of emissions of nox, i and formerly 32.5 per cent, ii per cent, iii per cent, iii per cent, and iv only 0.3 per cent; in the composition of emissions of pm, i and formerly 14.0 per cent, ii per cent, iii per cent, iii
With 58.7 per cent of GDP versus 0.1 per cent of GDP, and downside with overall industry demand in 2023, the “country four” is still slow to move forward, and it is therefore expected to accelerate the shift under this round of equipment upgrades. 2.2 On exports: the overall market landscape continues, with domestic manufacturers gaining momentum.
China is the world’s largest engineering and machinery market, with more than a third of the global market. But, on the one hand, as infrastructure in other countries continues to advance, emerging markets such as South-East Asia and Africa have become important markets for engineering and machinery; on the other hand, mature countries in Europe and the United States have stable demand and stock upgrading markets, and with domestic consolidation.
In addition, the demand for energy conservation abroad is rising, and the process of electricizing domestic producers is at the forefront of the industry. As a result, the demand side of overseas markets is full of demand and the space is wide enough for domestic industry firms.
On the supply side, domestic engineering and mechanics have accelerated their deployment abroad in recent years, actively promoting internationalization strategies. Thus, it can be seen that the share of domestic engineering and mechanics abroad has increased steadily in recent years as compared to exports of engineering and machinery, with higher rates in Russia, India, and Latin America.
According to the data, exports of our engineering and machinery products amounted to $48.552 billion in 2023, an increase of 9.59 per cent in the same year.1 1) Asian exports by continent were the highest, amounting to $19.649 billion, or 41 per cent, an increase of 7.61 per cent in the same year; exports to Europe, $12.689 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent in the same year; exports to North America, $5.12 billion, the same amount
2) In terms of major regions, the Russian Federation, the United States, Indonesia, Japan, Australia, India are among the top six exports. Of this amount, exports to the Russian Federation amounted to $6,058 million, an increase of 66.5 per cent, or 12.48 per cent, compared with the total; exports to India amounted to $1.78 billion, an increase of 20.3 per cent, or 20.3 per cent, compared with the total.
3.67 per cent; while the Latin American countries of Africa aggregate their exports to Latin America at $9.013 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent, or 18.56 per cent of total exports, over the same period. These regions are an important driver behind domestic exports of engineering and machinery in the context of the global economic downturn.
Specific breakdowns, based on data from China ' s Engineering and Machinery Network, sorted in 2023: excavators exported mainly from Russia, Belgium, Indonesia, the United States, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, the Philippines, Viet Nam, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, etc.; loaders exported mainly from Russia, the United States, Billy, etc.
In South-East Asia, based on data from the first network of engineering machines, the Asia-Pacific market, Caterpillar, Siu Matsu, Trio, and others have grown up overseas and resisted the international giants.
From this data, the market share of Xu's machinery is 15.6 per cent, 7.8 per cent, 11.0 per cent and 14.3 per cent respectively, it can be seen that domestic engineering and mechanics are gaining momentum in developing the South-East Asian market, have already outperformed Xiao Xiao Xiao, are moving closer to the international level, and we draw up monthly in order to further explore the latest export status of the main types of excavators and loaders.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 2024
In August, 7,953 domestic excavators were exported, an increase of 6.95 per cent over the same period; in January-August 2024, 65215 cumulative exports, a decrease of 10.3 per cent over the same period, resulted in the recovery of the overseas supply chain as a result of the recovery of the previous high base plus the epidemic, as monthly exports of excavators have been negative since June 2023.
The performance of military enterprises shows that the overseas market has become an important source of activity, with three leading firms, namely, three heavy labourers, Willows, Central Union and Xu Engineering, showing a high rate of growth in overseas collection and orders through a sustained internationalization layout over the years, and sustained access to overseas market shares based on product advantages.
The export of domestic excavators grew by 6.95 per cent in August of the same year, while the offshore market for loaders grew by 21.8 per cent in August of the same year. According to the Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry, in January-August of the year, there were 36338 loaders exported, representing an increase of 9.33 per cent.
After demand, export data remain visible, reflecting not only the high demand in overseas markets but also the strong competitiveness of domestic producers ' products.3 Emerging business is accelerating and overseas markets are promising
For many years, the deep-farming industry has a global and domestic leader in many types of products. According to company reports in 2023, 16 categories of the company’s products, such as car cranes, vehicle cranes, rollers, etc., are ranked first in the domestic industry; corporate cranes, mobile cranes, horizontal-direction drills continue to be the world’s top; and industrial machinery, concrete, etc.
Mechanical stability in the first global camp; road machinery, vehicle cranes, tower cranes, third global; high-altitude operating platforms, third global; mine field excavator equipment, fifth global, sixth, second-largest, loading machines, second-largest global and second-largest.
Mechanical product operations are expected to accelerate with the recovery of the industry, while emerging operations and overseas markets are also expected to have significant new growth points of 3.1: the mineral market has greater potential, the company’s business is well-placed, the market space for the miner is larger and the growth is clear.
The global mine machinery market grew from $112.7 billion in 2022 to $13.8 billion in 2025, with annual recovery growth rates of more than 5 per cent. Growth was driven mainly by increased global demand for mineral resources, particularly in the areas of infrastructure development, energy demand and industrial production, while developed countries and emerging economies
At the same time, industry income and profits increased to varying degrees. According to the China Heavy Machinery Industry Association, in 2023, the mining machinery industry earned 23.51 billion yuan and profits, respectively.
Millions of yuan. Its growth is largely due to the continued development of domestic infrastructure and mineral resources, as well as the Government’s policy support for the mining machinery industry, which provides a strong guarantee for the market.
Figure 34 Revenues and profits from China’s mining machinery industry has been highly competitive in recent years, and global market concentration is high. The global mine machinery market is dominated by a number of large multinational companies, such as Caterpillar, Komatsu, and Hitachi.
With its advanced technology, extensive product lines and powerful brand influence, these companies dominate the market. The world’s top two manufacturers, Caterpillar and Matsuma, have a market share of more than 50%, with higher market concentration; and China’s mining machine market is divided by
Beyond the world's giants, there are also some local companies that are doing well in the mine machinery market, such as the Xu Industries Group, the 3rd One Worker, the Central United Heavy Unit, the Middle East Heavy Worker and the North Heavy Worker. The domestic mine machinery industry has been more competitively marketed. The company's mining machine is well organized and its harvest is increasing significantly.
In October 2015, Xu's mining machinery became independently operational in August 2018 from the Department of Excavation Mechanics, in December 2019 from the Xu's mechanically intelligent manufacturing base, and in 2023 from Xe690dk mine excavators, xdr80te-at autonomous electric dump trucks and Xde240 mine dump trucks,
The equipment covers the entire cycle of mine operations and provides efficient solutions from drilling to logistics. In addition, Xu's unmanned mine solution is developing rapidly, using 5g and digital twin technology, to automate and intelligently operate mine equipment.
Figure 36 Miner operations and the same ratio Figure 37 Miner business receipts as compared to the same figure 3.2 New growth point 2: High machine products are well lined and run by domestic firms
The high-altitude platform market has grown significantly, with low levels of domestic per capita ownership. High-altitude platform markets have shown significant growth in terms of holdings, particularly in China and the United States, where, according to WIDE, high-altitude platform holdings were only 95,000 in 2018, but by 2023 they grew rapidly to 780,000.
Cagr, 52.36%, shows that the Chinese market has an extremely strong demand for high-altitude platforms, mainly in the construction, manufacturing, and maintenance services industries, as well as increased security awareness. For the US market, per capita holdings are 23.12 million, compared to 345 in China.
This means that there is still much room for growth in China’s future market, especially in the third-line and lower-lying cities and rural areas, where the demand for high-altitude platforms will gradually be eased as the economy develops and the urbanization process progresses. The high-altitude market is more concentrated, and Xu leads domestic firms.
Manufacturer-led, according to Access International, 2023 data, jlg ranked first in the world at $2,999 million, followed by terexawp, with sales of $2.18 billion, the combined market share of two enterprises being close to 35 per cent and market concentration high.
Chinese enterprises also occupy a prominent place in the global high-altitude platform market, and Xu Yu is ranked third in its sales of $1.502 billion, demonstrating its strong competitiveness in the global market. Zhejiang Dynasty and Quakers are ranked fifth and seventh in terms of sales of $1,042 million and $912 million, respectively.
China’s manufacturing progress in high-altitude platforms has been remarkable. High-level product lines have grown rapidly, and Xu's high-altitude platform has been set up in 2016, and the new plant area of Xu's high-altitude platform was officially opened in 2019 and published by the company in 2021.
The high-altitude platform product of the "Linghuan" series, Xu's high-altitude platform, 2023, China's first and third world. The high-altitude platform series of 2024 Xu's machinery was further enriched, including both rectangular and curly arms mobile lift and drop platforms, demonstrating its continued efforts in product innovation and market expansion.
Increased global demand for environmental protection and intelligence, electricization and intellectualization of Xu's machinery in the field of high-altitude platforms are expected to further enhance their market competitiveness and promote high-quality business development.
3.3 Three new growth points: Continued deep-deeping of the international market, steady growth of overseas operations, firm-deep-deep-deep-draw-draw-draw-deep-draw-draw-deep-draw-deep-draw-deep-draw-deep-draw-draw-draw-draw-out capacity. In recent years, it has become evident that domestic engineering and machinery are moving down, that Xu works as industry leaders, and that more attention has been paid to the internationalization-development layout.
The “go-out” phase of exports, moving into “go-go” of deep-farm localization, is accelerating progress towards a “go-go” phase of high-quality development, resulting in an internationalized model of export trade, overseas greenfield construction, cross-border M&As, and global R&D “4 Ones.” According to the company's semi-annual report in 2024, the company owns more than 40 offshore parents.
The Division, with more than 300 overseas distributors, more than 2,000 overseas service spare parts networks covering more than 190 countries and territories around the world. In 2024, companies established trade-related subsidiaries in countries such as Japan and Malaysia.
Corporate income from overseas operations has grown steadily, and the overseas markets are widely distributed. According to the receipts, overseas receipts in 2018 were limited to the region. Currently, the main export regions of the company are South-East Asia, Central Asia, Africa, South America, Europe, North America, North Africa, West Asia, Central America, Oceania, etc., and the “one-way” countries and regions are the main export regions of the company, accounting for 2023.
The total value of exports is about 70%, and the share of regional sales in Europe and the United States is about 10%.
(1) Considering that products such as excavators are being built on the ground and that offshore markets are gaining momentum as economies and infrastructure recover and domestic manufacturers become more competitive, engineering and machinery manufacturers are moving out of the sea; it is assumed that the increase in the operation in 2024-2026 will (1) be used extensively for construction, industrial production, logistics transport, port terminals, energy
Development, for example, is one of the major pillars of the national economy. Domestic manufacturing continues to grow, but in 2024 it was under pressure, while overseas markets are still hot, assuming a 12% decline in revenue in 2024, taking into account the public (2) Māori ratio, and continuing the previous trend, given the high end of the company’s products and the tight cost controls.
Concrete machinery: \triangleright assumes an increase in the size of the domestic engineering machinery market in 2025-2026, taking into account the end of the industry cycle in 2024
(2) According to China ' s road network data, concrete machinery accounted for 17 per cent of the engineering and machinery industry in 2019, but given that industrial vehicles have risen sharply in recent years, driven by the development of logistics and manufacturing, the share of concrete machinery in the engineering and machinery industry is expected to decrease gradually, but mixed in 2025-2026
(b) Engineering machinery spare parts:
(1) Spare parts operations, based on the same rate of growth reported in mid-2024, include high-altitude operating machinery, mining machinery, road machinery and pillar machinery; high-altitude works
The industry as a whole is gaining momentum and companies are actively setting up the business, assuming that in 2024-2025, we see the continued development of Xu's products in domestic and overseas markets, which are expected to be 2024-valued by companies such as Willows, Central Union, Trinity, Zhejiang Dingqiang and the Hangman Group as comparable companies.
From a valuation point of view, Xu's machine has a low valuation level in the domestic engineering and machinery plant, and the company is expected to benefit fully when the industry runs up the weekly period. For the first time, the “buy-in” rating is given. 2) The overseas market is not expanding as expected;
3) Receivable recovery risk; 4) increased industry competition.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, are not, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.