The core business is growing steadily, the profitability of the business is increasing steadily, and the profitability of the business is increasing steadily. In the context of the external environment, the public sector operates with a strong resilience, with 2022h1 companies operating at a consistently high level of growth, with an increase in revenue on an equal basis.
Without considering the impact of investment gains and losses and equity incentive costs, 2022h1 achieves an ebitda of $590 million (Yoy+50 per cent) attributable to the shareholders of the listed company. We look forward to a multiplicity of corporate operations that work together and continue to deepen the offshore market and enhance performance.
opera: The potential for commercialization continues to be released with a sustained high rate of growth. 2022H1opera advertisers raise demand and prices, driving the rise in revenue by 34 to 150 million dollars in the same year, adjusted ebitda by 572 to 23.9 million dollars and increased profitability. As of 2022h1,
The global average of mau is $330 million, of which 2022q2 market active users grew by 22% compared to the same time, and corporate focus on the high-value market strategy continues to be validated. In addition, the cloud game community gx.games has entered the first multi-player game, active as of month 2022h1, opragx
Over 17 million users, an increase of 78% over the same year. We're looking at the core search and advertising business of Opra, maintaining a robust performance, and increasing the commercialization of new and emerging business such as the Opranews and the meta-cosmos.
Net value-added service revenue of $570 million, down 7.49 per cent from the previous year, continued product rotation for improved user experience and reduced efficiency through refined operations, corresponding to a significant increase in the Māori ratio of 38.76 pct to 86.38 per cent. In addition, the company starxmusicxlab sound
The lab has completed its first five songs, entirely by the ai. We've been watching Starmaker continue to expand the arpu area, contributing to the growth in performance, while watching the company continue to break through the aigc field, lower the threshold for music content creation, supply the insider's content and boost production.
The company's game business has generated $330 million (vov-21.05%). Looking ahead, the company reserves are new to the slg Theory of Dragons, the ugc game code d, and are expected to continue to contribute online.
In early September 2022, in the United States, France, Kuala Lumpur (300418), 2021.
Germany, Canada, etc. went online with the highest number of free-of-charge ios game in the U.S.. Foreign products were issued on September 13, 2022, with a constant focus on their overseas water flow performance and the development of the country's business matrix, and foreign market ownership.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are actively responding to changes in the external environment, and core business profitability is increasing steadily, but given the pressure that still exists on the growth rate, we lower the previous profit forecast by 11/9/8 times the current share price.
The Internet access platform continues to release commercial potential, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.