The company is still pct. At the same time, the company's overseas operations are entering a period of profitability, and the level of Maori has risen significantly.
22H1 has an overall Māori rate of 79.39% (+8pct), with 83% overseas (+12pt). Overall, the company’s social entertainment, information distribution, meta-cosm and play operations are well developed, and the ability to serve users in different regions continues to grow, and
The growth of traditional search and advertising operations has been steady, and new and emerging businesses have been strengthening their product performance and operation. 22H1opera has generated $150 million, a 34 per cent increase over the previous year; after adjustment, the ebitda is $23.92 million, an increase of 572 per cent over the same period.
Continued growth in the commercialization of new and emerging business such as the Opranews and the meta-cosmos, where gxgames build user social systems through user identity and community building and go on to over 1,800 games rich platform content experiences, and the growth of users of the Opragx browser
In the first half of the year, the company continued to optimize its functions, and the market continued to expand, especially in the field of socialization.
In terms of content creation in Latin America and Europe, the company's starxmusicxlab music lab has completed the first five songs entirely written by the ai, and the rest of the music platforms are online. The practice is that it digitalizes and industrializations its audio content.
It is expected that the follow-up starxmusicxlab will continue to rely on its professional full-link music production and distribution capabilities to export high-quality ai-created content to the world.
The entertainment industry is well-established and still a local chess top2 platform, and explores more possibilities for business growth by developing a new game of chess, as well as playing cards live. With regard to heavy games, Arkgames has made some progress in refining and internationalizing, the Tower of the Holy Land.
After the Hong Kong-Australia line, the highest flow of water reached $3 million a month, over $3 million in the European and American regions, while reserves such as Dragon Legend, Codedd, etc. are also being developed and tested, and it is expected that as new items continue to be on the line, Arkgames will be able to achieve a better harvest.
For significant marginal improvements, there is synergy in increasing corporate performance. Risks of life decline in Internet products; risks of changes in the international political situation; risks of rollover of new goods; and exchange rate risks.