The market for deep-farmed cars, and the effects of client outreach, is gradually becoming apparent.
The customer outreach effect is becoming apparent in the Yellow Soo Yo, the Deep Farm Car Auxiliary Market. The company's business income of 2021h1 is 666.11 because of the low base of exposure to the new crown epidemic during the same period last year and the company's capture of high-quality client growth opportunities.
The company's car interiors, seats, airbags, front-and-back side racks, etc., have access to Mercedes, BMW, O'Di, and some of the new and relevant models of autonomous brands such as the Wall, Gilly, Biadey, etc.
Part of the supply of new energy car brand-related models, such as pelicans. Māori ratio and net interest rate rises on a year-on-year basis, resulting in an improvement in the cost during the period. Māori ratio of 2021h1 companies is roe (ttm)
Smart driving products continue to land and are expected to contribute in the future. Electronic sub-companys publish a self-researched 4d imaging-mm wave radar product, which is scheduled to be produced in volume in the fourth quarter of this year; 77ghz-mm-ray radar product integrated into active safety functions, such as acc, aeb, is competing with their international counterparts.
Winning and achieving a mainstream vehicle-style fixed-point breakthrough; the first generation of digital dlp lights and display and control systems developed by China Visual Technology (Shanghai) Ltd. has achieved volume production and received customer attention, and the market echoes well.
Deepening strategic adjustments to facilitate the internationalization of the seating business. The company promotes the full-sourced subsidiary, long-fault, car apparel systems, acquisition of 49.9% of Yanfang Road seats, etc., and has fully integrated with the resources available for global operations and management of car interiors to accelerate the promotion of the seating industry.
The internationalization process is geared towards creating a world-class car seat system provider with full industrial chain capacity, targeting domestic and international car customers, meeting the trend of intelligent cabins, and maintaining a recommended rating of 10 times, 9 times and 8 times, respectively.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.