The performance of cars in China meets expectations, product and customer expansion drives long-term growth, with a 12.1 per cent increase in volume and corporate revenue and performance growth.
Block Ratings: stronger than the big market, lower chips and lower chips, domestic car sales are expected to warm back and contribute to higher corporate performance. The company’s continued expansion in the client and product areas is expected to boost long-term growth. Companies are expected to improve efficiency and performance by continuously optimizing their business structures through such measures as acquisitions, sales, etc. We expect companies to increase their performance by 0.9 pct in 2021-2023, Māori by 0.9 pct, and net profits by 10.6% with chip shortages.
On the client side, “neutralization” is a strategic priority, with companies actively pursuing high-end, autonomous branding and other complementary opportunities and making positive progress. In the first half of the year, out-of-group clients accounted for 48% of the revenue, including Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, and others.
Magnus has achieved global stability for the mass meb, and a universal bev3 global power-driven product production line has been launched. The company’s electrodynamic and intelligent layout is well developed, promising for the future. The business structure continues to be optimized, and is expected to improve efficiency and performance.
In August 2020, the wholly-owned company, Yammer Motors Accords Ltd., completed the acquisition of 30% of the shares in the longline car interiors held by the American company Adient, and will hold 100% of the shares. On the one hand, the above transactions are expected to increase net corporate profits significantly; on the other hand, the longline interiors are the world’s largest innermost supplier, the Yanfon installations and individuals, and do not sufficiently emphasize the facilities.
The company continuously optimizes its business structure by purchasing, selling, etc., and is expected to improve its performance and improve its future prospects.
Chinese Motors: Recovering growth, electric power, Chinese Motors: q2 Performance Rings, Business Structures, Silver International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations