Mid-2021: New Power Client Releases, Positive Keys: Companies released 2021 H1 Performance Report, in line with our expectations, 2021h1 real operating income of $66.611 billion, +24.22 per cent, net return to the mother of $2.73 billion, same
▪ New Power clients continue to eject their sales against traditional clients, raw materials + higher freight costs, etc. Low Māori ratio: 1)q2 is affected by a shortage of industrial chips, and the company’s large clients have significantly reduced production. 4th largest client Tesla, 92,000 domestic deliveries, +21%, ring + 33%, achieved
+Increased freight costs + increased R & D inputs, with a decline in the net profit margin for non-mortality. In addition to the increase in the company ' s raw materials + freight costs, q2 increased R & D inputs, the ring + 17%, the cost ring +0.7pt, the net profit for non-mortality is 976 million yuan, the ring 17.36%.) The proceeds from asset disposal result in performance loops.
q2 achieves $393 million in asset disposal gains, resulting in a net profit margin of +11.31 per cent.  Deepening strategic business adjustments, increasing market expansion and accelerating the development of emerging business: 1) Deepening strategic business adjustments, continuously promoting the integration of seating operations.
1 “Handover cars (600741); accelerating the process of “internationalization” of seating operations in response to 49.99 per cent of equity acquisitions. 2) Increasing market expansion, industrial change and acceleration of transformational upgrading.
To promote the “neutralization” process. The client structure and product structure are constantly being optimized, partial matching points have been obtained from the main brand and the new energy vehicle brand, and the share of out-of-business clients has risen to 48%.
Full upgrade of the xim21s product through the longer car apparel system, Inc.; in autopilot, 4d imaging millimetre wave radar is expected to yield in four quarters, 77ghz millimetre wave radar has achieved a car stop break; in smart lighting, first generation dlp light is already in place
To achieve mass production, the second generation of research and development has been completed and is advancing in volume production; in the area of smart electric power, to stabilize the supply demand for the total product of the mass meb global platform power-driven system, the production of the universal bev3 global platform power-driven product has now been initiated, and the hybrid power plant has received multiple vehicle-type fixed-points.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the seating operations integration drive + the “neutralization” strategy continues to advance + multi-species beneficiary electro-intelligence. We maintain the company’s performance forecast for 2021-2023, and it is expected that Camp East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.