Shiniyama's Censorship, Chinese cars (600741.sh) set up a high-quality track to optimize the business structure.
Income-side pressure reduced and performance improved significantly. 2021h1, overall domestic auto sales warmed up, \triangleright as a supplier of car parts and components, revenue-side pressure reduced and performance improved significantly. 2021h1,
The company ' s operating income, net return to the mother ' s profit, was positive on a year-to-year basis. 2021q2, the company ' s operating income, net return to the mother ' s profit, were $31,733 million and 1,438 million, respectively, representing an increase of 7.03 per cent and 22.72 per cent, respectively, over the same period.
Major spare parts contribute to a higher performance, with many products receiving a higher net profit on a year-on-year basis. 2021h1, at the end of the income end, internal and external accessories, metal formations and molds, functional devices, electrical and electronic appliances, market value of circulating shares (billions):
High rate of growth in the thermal procession ratio at 24.80 per cent and 29.68 per cent, respectively, and profit on the energy package, electronics, and thermal processes, with net profit on the mother-to-child scale increasing separately Basic data: 30 June 2021
On the one hand, in the first half of the year, the rate of return on net assets (%):
The company has made breakthroughs in the areas of smart cabins, smart driving, intelligent power, and has continued to push its profile in new and emerging areas such as car intelligence and electric motorization; on the other hand, the company has promoted the acquisition of 49.9 per cent of Yanfon Road seats and its shareholdings by the fully-owned subsidiary, the long-fault car apparel system, and its own 49.9 per cent.
His work on assets, etc., further optimizes business structures and enhances internal business synergies. As the company becomes better positioned in emerging areas such as auto electricization, intelligence, etc., and the company’s business structure continues to be optimized, adding to the company’s accumulation of high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, it is expected that the company will grow further.
Investment proposals: companies are leading the domestic auto parts and components industry, business layouts are being optimized, customer structure is well developed, and high R & D inputs are continuously being made to promote high-quality competitions in car intelligence, electric motorization, etc.
With the increased competition in the car market, the company is expected to rely on its own technology, products, guests.
The advantages at the household and business layout level further expand the competitiveness of companies and enhance their profitability.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, for no reason, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of the information available in my identity, status or practice.
For self-interest or for the benefit of others.