The scale was robust, with a steady recovery in interest differentials: on October 28, the Bank of China issued a 22q3 financial report. The 22q1-q3 battalion collected $4.678.2 billion, with a steady increase in net interest income and a strong increase in net profits.
Ring ratio - 0.8 pct, -0.5 pct, overall profitability remains robust. The net interest income statement is now visible at +8.5 per cent per annum and the acceleration loop at +1.3 pct, with a better contribution in terms of both the increase in credit volume and the spread of net interest; non-interest income is partly overtaken by a slight decline in the same year, or the renminbi is on the international exchange rate market.
Capital structure is optimized and the interest-sharing gap is rising steadily.
The ring ratio +2.6 pct to 9.2% is robust; credit lending continues to be strong, total lending has increased by the same quarter, and asset structure continues to be optimized. Medium- and long-term lending has continued to increase, with green credit (compared to research assistant in Bowen).
+32 per cent at the beginning of the year), inclusive finance (+35 per cent at the beginning of the year) and other priority areas of credit have grown at a significantly higher rate than the whole of the line. The combined boost net difference is between 22h1+1bp and 1.77 per cent.
The quality of the assets remains excellent and the capital adequacy rate has risen steadily. As of 22 q3, the bad rate ring ratio -3bp, 2. Bank of China (601988.sh) reported in 2021 that “eight big finance” is being cultivated, with an improved quality of operations - 2022/04/
As of 22q3, the core-level capital adequacy ratio of the Bank of China, the capital adequacy ratio, ring +29bp, +18bp to 11.6 per cent and 17.2 per cent, respectively, or benefiting from capital endogenous capacity upgrading and steady external capital instrument replenishment, provides a solid basis for further scale expansion.
Investment recommendations: a steady recovery in net interest differentials and an excellent asset quality; a better growth in net interest income and a robust growth in performance; a steady recovery in loan and deposit ratios; a steady return in net interest differentials; and a steady moderate improvement in asset quality, with a high level of provision coverage and a significant increase in the capital adequacy ring.
The inventory price corresponds to 0.4 times 22 years pb and maintains the “recommended” rating. \triangleright chart 1: China Bank's cumulative year-on-year increase in performance up to 22q3
Figure 2: Bank of China net interest income as at 22q3 and cumulative rate of increase in net fee income as at year-on-year Figure 3: Bank of China cumulative rate of increase in other non-interest income as at 22q3 Figure 4: Bank of China net interest difference as at 22q3 (%)
Figure 7: Bank of China bad rate as at 22q3 Figure 8: Bank of China provision as at 22q3 Figure 9: Bank of China capital adequacy as at 22q3 (%)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.