South Mountain aluminium industry (600219.sh) Upstream, high-end aluminium processing tap ready for launch Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company's industrial chain is complete and deep development of high-end processing: the company owns 1.4 million tonnes/year of aluminium oxide production,
In addition, in recent years, companies have taken the initiative to make strategic adjustments to extend to high-tech, high-value-added products and to improve their industry by producing 8.16 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium, 390,000 tonnes/year of aluminium, 600,000 tonnes/year of thermal roll production, 600,000 tonnes/year of cold roll production and 30,000 tonnes/year of high-precision aluminium production.
The new business has evolved into an important growth point for companies in the future.
Aluminium oxide in overseas layout, with far-reaching intentions: according to the company's 11 September announcement, the company intends to sell shares at a ratio of no more than 3 shares per 10 shares and to raise a total sum of no more than RMB 5 billion for investment in the “Aluminium Oxide Project at Bintanan Mountain Industrial Park, Indonesia.” After completion of the project, the company intends to sell aluminum oxide.
The production capacity will be significantly increased from 1.4 million tons to 2.4 million tons; and the project will build factories in the bauxite field, making direct use of the rich local bauxite and coal resources, to achieve a lower cost of aluminium oxide.
At present, domestic aluminium alloy penetration is low, and it is expected to increase to 6.5 million tons from 2 million tons in 2015, and the company has taken the lead in this area, pre-empting the industry; with aluminium plates, the company has successfully achieved its reputation for Boeing and so on.
Aluminium is expected to reach 2 million tons of aluminium for the entire air market in the future by 2020, with an average annual demand of 400,000 tons, and the company, as a minority in the country, has unlimited potential for future development as a aluminium-processing company that can supply globally recognized shipping enterprises.
The electrolytic aluminum industry will enter a reasonable and orderly development era: the aluminum supply, which began in early 2017, will result in a qualitative change in the industry, with a complete containment of the disruption of production capacity, while the growth in demand in the industry is largely in line with the growth of gdp, and the industry will gradually stabilize to about $15,000/tonne.
The average cost is a rough one, with a reasonable aluminium price of $18,000 per ton. At the company level, the company ' s electrolytic aluminium is a compliant product with a high self-sufficiency of raw materials, which greatly benefits from aluminum for adaptation. At the same time, the lower company ' s downstream aluminium processing product is priced in the form of a real price plus a processing fee for aluminum, and the increase in the previous aluminium price will be significant.
Li Han-hwa has increased sales prices for aluminium processing this year. The company has finished from the thermal power - aluminium oxide - aluminium electrolytic - molten casting - (aluminum material/heated roll-cooling-cooling/stamp pressure)
In recent years, it has been continuously replenished upstream, injecting electrolytic aluminium assets from the idyllic power industry to match downstream, with the proposed expansion of aluminium oxide production capacity and layout of raw materials in Indonesia; the company’s downstream product lines have not been upgraded; railing, carboards, and aeronautical aluminium materials have been added to the national and international supply chains.
High value additions constantly lead high-end manufacturing currents, and as the product is released, the company’s future performance will grow at upstream levels and future output is expected to grow better. For the company’s current example, there is a risk of a significant drop in aluminium prices: the industry is in the early stages of supply, and there is still a risk of a disorderly release of upstream capacity.
(a) Sex, and the risk of a major drop in aluminium prices if macroeconomics continue downstream, resulting in insufficient demand;
▪ The new project is not as productive as expected: the company ' s shipyard project is not yet fully operational and may in the future be affected by the construction, personnel, customer development, etc., resulting in underproduction.
1.1. Complete production lines from thermal electricity to aluminium History of the company: The company was established in March 1993 through a targeted collection system, approved in document No. [1993] 44 of the Sandong City Atolls and Psychiatry Commission.
In 2007, the company directed an additional 70 million shares to the South Mountain Group, injecting its aluminium power assets into the company and replacing its pre-existing velvet product, which has since focused on the production and sale of aluminium-processing products.
With 46.22% of the company ' s shares, the South Mountain Village Village Village Committee holds 51% of the South Mountain Group ' s shares, and the company ' s actual control is the South Mountain Village Village Village Village Village Committee.
The company’s main products are upstream products such as electricity, steam, aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, and downstream products such as molybdenum, pressurized materials, pressurized materials and aluminium production.
Goods used for processing aluminium alloy windows, containers, railway freight trains, high-speed trains, urban subways, buses and large machinery, aviation, automobiles, medium-heavy panels, cans, high-end pss, aluminum sulfur, high-end aluminium plastic panels, soft food packaging, cigarette packaging, medical packaging, air conditioners, etc., aircraft, high-speed
The company has a full capacity and progress towards higher value added. It currently owns 1.4 million tonnes/year of aluminium oxide, 816,000 tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium, 390,000 tonnes/year of aluminium-based materials and thermal roller capacity.
600,000 tonnes/year, cold roll capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year, high precision aluminium capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year; in addition, in recent years, companies have taken the initiative to make strategic adjustments to extend to high-tech, high-value-added products, investing in improvements in the industrial structure and building over 200,000 tonnes of super-specific high-performance special units, mainly for the production of air and motor panels
Aluminium alloy materials production lines and 140,000 tons of large precision model equipment, mainly for aviation, energy and seaworks, are imported and are relatively advanced. The company produces the equipment mainly from imports.
; the molten casting equipment has been introduced into the U.S. production line and is equipped with an electromagnetic mix system that can produce the world's largest aluminium and aluminum alloy beams; the heat-roll production line has been introduced into Japan's ihi1+4,2350 mm heat-roll production line and Austria's soil.
Reebner Propulsive Orchestra, the largest production line in the country, with a maximum volume of 2,800 mm, a maximum width of 2100 mm and a maximum volume of 30 tonnes; cold roller line, with the introduction of 2300mm6 cvc chiller and three cold-sharp bumpers produced by the German company Smsd, which can be produced
1 series, 3 series, 5 series, 8 series, aluminum alloy products with maximum width of 2100 mm and maximum volume of 30 tonnes: Aluminium equipment brought into German achenbach 2000mm machine, product with maximum width of 1830 mm and minimum thickness of 0.005 mm, depending on the customer ' s needs in the total segment
The company’s output has increased steadily. In recent years, the company’s electrolytic aluminium production has been in full capacity.
In addition to the final products such as building and industrial materials, cooling board material, double-zero platinum, some intermediate products such as hot rolls, aluminum ingots, etc. are also sold out. The company uses the production model “for sale” and benefits from the rising demand for aluminum slabs and the production of aluminum platinum products with the gradual release of capacity.
In the first three quarters of 2017, companies achieved operating income of 11979 million yuan, an increase of 20.55 per cent, and a net return of 1.321 billion yuan.
Aluminium-processing plates continue to increase in profitability. For the time being, chilling products continue to be the company’s main source of revenue.
At the same time, Māori, which accounts for about 51 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, has been at a high level, with 25.38 per cent of Māori in the first half of this year. The company ' s high-precision aluminum is 27.39 per cent because of the higher value added of the product.
Figure 9: Ratio of corporate principal business receipts (in %) Figure 10: Māori ratio of company main business (in %) Companies have a strong cost advantage: Māori sales were 22.41% in the first half of 2017.
In addition to price increases that increase the elasticity of the company ' s performance, companies maintain a certain cost advantage by continuously expanding up and down. Figure 11: Changes in the Māori ratio of corporate sales (in %)
Low transport costs: The company owns the only global, shortest and most complete chain of aluminium industry, from energy, aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium to aluminium materials, high-precision aluminium plates, belts, and sorghums, and is configured within 45 square kilometres of land with a short transport radius that ensures the supply and production of raw materials during the production process.
Quality of products and savings in energy losses, waste losses and reduced transport costs; in addition, the raw materials needed by companies to produce bauxite ore and coal are mainly transported by sea, and their production bases are located in the largest local port in the country, the port of Ryuguchi, from the port to the production vehicle.
The cost of transportation for companies is further reduced by a distance of about 15 kilometres between them and freight costs of less than $10 per ton. Revolving economy: companies actively promote the concept of “energy conservation, reduction of emissions, efficiency gains” by recovering scrap aluminium from various production chains and the peripherals of the customer's production chain; at the same time, they work with the country's well-known scrap aluminium recycling companies.
Co-operate closely in recycling aluminium products that can be used for re-production. The company recovers scrap aluminium using a double-bed furnace, which is closed in two chambers to ensure that impurity combustion during treatment is fully controlled and does not pollute the atmosphere and the workshop; while the double-bedroom furnace reduces heat loss and energy consumption.
High self-sustainability of raw materials: Thermoelectricity used in the company's aluminium processing business is largely self-sufficient, with its own heat, the total assembly of electric machines reaching 193,000 kW; at the same time, the company strictly controls coal consumption in the production chain.
The cost of electricity is 0.3 yuan/degree higher than the cost of electricity on the Internet. 2, topping up, power downstream 2.1, upstream capacity expansion and cost advantages continue to be consolidated
The company’s original power supply in Nansan covers two power producers, the Nansan thermal power plant and the East China Sea thermal power plant. The South Mountain thermal power plant has a total installed capacity of 72.
In 2016, the company acquired the electric power industry, whose main asset is the East Sea power plant, with a total installed capacity of 1.21 million kilowatts and a combined installed capacity of 1.93 million kilowatts. The rich and stable power supply essentially ensured the efficient operation of the electricity-aluminium chain and provided for the development of various industries in the South Mountain region.
Coal purchases are more expensive than market prices, and companies generate a certain cost advantage. The main suppliers of coal used by companies to generate electricity are the China North Energy Trading Company Ltd. and the China Coal Energy East Limited, which are limited.
In 2016, the national average price of power coal increased by 7.55% compared to the previous year, and the company’s price of coal was about $30 below the market price. Based on 13,800 degrees of electricity consumption in tons of aluminium, the price of power coal saved 100 yuan.
The cost of the company's electrolytic aluminum per ton will be reduced by about $600.
On the right, the accompanying anode production can meet the company’s needs for electrolytic aluminium production, while there are extra precipitous alumni available for take-off. Among the companies listed in the same industry, it is a small group of companies that can achieve pre-optimal self-sufficiency.
For the four months of the heating season, the carbon industry will not be able to meet the special emission limit, and the production limit will be 50% or more.
The company’s predating acreage production will benefit from this predestination accelerator price increase. From 2017 to date, the predating accelerator/tonne has risen by around $1,500 from the average market price of $3,000/t at the beginning of the year, an increase of nearly 50%.
The pre-yang pole production base is located at the Shandonglong Pass, and is not affected by the fall in production during this warm season, ensuring normal production of public-sector electrolytic aluminium, while continuing to enhance the company’s cost advantage.  Aluminium oxide: Indonesia’s project adds an additional 1 million tons of capacity
Aluminium oxide production will be raised to 2.4 million tons in the future. According to the announcement issued by the company on September 11, the Department intends to sell shares at a ratio of no more than three shares per 10 shares, the total sum of which is proposed to raise no more than 5 billion yuan (including distribution costs), and the net amount, after deduction of distribution costs, will be used entirely for the investment of “Indonesian Bins”
In addition, the company’s controlling shareholder, the South Mountain Group, and its wholly-funded subsidiary, the Elite Power Industry, promised to subscribe to it in full, at the share-holding ratio. In response to the “one-way” strategy, the location of the site is a resource-rich area.
The key hubs, all of which account for about 40% of the ASEAN 10 countries, are rich in resources, have large markets, have huge potential, and are our natural partners and important feeders in a “one-way” country. Indonesia has a rich bauxite and coal resource, with a bauxite deposit of about 1 billion tons and a coal reserve of about 24 billion tons and a large one.
Aluminium ore resources will be an important constraint on aluminium oxide production in the future. Our bauxite ore resources are of a low level of security, and the import of bauxite from abroad is uncertain, so that future aluminium ore production will be largely subject to a high degree of uncertainty.
The larger problem with domestic construction is that bauxite is under-resourced to meet the country’s domestic needs. Therefore, the future use of bauxite from abroad to build overseas is an inevitable option.
Until 2014, Indonesia was China’s largest aluminum high-temperature mine. After 2014, Indonesia imposed a ban on the export of primary mines, and bauxite was banned from exporting, allowing only for processing in the area.
With Indonesia’s rich and low-cost bauxite mineral resources, the company’s aluminum oxide profitability will be greatly enhanced. The company’s project is to build a factory in the bauxite mineral site, making direct use of local rich bauxite and coal resources.
Aluminium oxide production has expanded at a lower cost, increasing the profitability of companies, and increased resistance to risks. Aluminium oxide prices have been rising as a result of a number of factors. Aluminium oxide production has declined for months and stocks have been low in the second half of the year, as a result of environmental inspections. Aluminium oxide production has been reduced in the upstream bauxite industry.
Trailing, while lower-stream electrolytic aluminium production also faces a shortage of aluminium oxide, which has been rising sharply since August. The price has now risen to $3700 per ton since the beginning of the year. This increase, up to 700, will affect production of approximately 5 million tons of aluminium oxide.
Listed in the "2+26" production-limitation scheme for Shan Si Lu Leung, which specifies a 30% limit for aluminium oxide companies during the heating season. Lu Liang City is the largest province in the country where aluminium oxide production can produce 10 million tons of aluminium, and this addition will affect the production capacity of aluminium oxide by 3 million tons and production by more than 1 million tons.
Thus, the domestic production reduction of aluminium oxide in autumn and winter will increase from 4 million tons to 5 million tons, the supply of aluminium oxide and the price of aluminium oxide will remain high. The company’s elastic performance of the aluminium oxide plate has increased significantly. The company’s current production of aluminium oxide, which is 1.4 million tons, will basically meet the company’s needs for electrolytic aluminium production.
Compared to the price of aluminium oxide, the increase is limited, and the company’s own production cost for aluminium oxide is 480 yuan/ton less than the market price. As the price of aluminium oxide rises, the profitability of the company’s aluminium oxide plate will increase, and is expected to boost the company’s aluminium plate performance in the second half of this year.
In the future, the company’s output of the Indonesian project will reduce the company’s production cost of aluminium oxide by another 10%. In general, the FOB price for bauxite is about $15/tonne. The company’s Aluminium Oxide Production Project in Indonesia can directly utilize local low-cost bauxite resources, which ensures the supply of raw materials for production and reduces intermediate transport.
Cost, the company will benefit greatly from the cost advantages of bauxite. 2.2, Middle-Swiss: acquisition of an electrolytic power industry to replenish the capacity of electrolytic aluminium, and acquisition of a calibrated power industry to help the company to complete the industrial chain puzzles.
At a price of yuan, a share was issued to South Mountain’s fully-owned company, the IEE industry, to purchase its asset pack, which covers two electrolytic aluminium production lines with a combined capacity of 680,000 tons per year, and four thermal power units with a combined capacity of 1210mw.
13.6 million tonnes/t were raised to 81.6 million tonnes/year to better match the supply and demand of electrolytic aluminium in the company ' s aluminium processing industry chain; moreover, the 121 million kilowatts of the plant unit in the asset package could largely satisfy the acquisition of two 150mw generators, thereby contributing to the consolidation and upgrading of the company ' s power cost advantages.
At the same time, the Department signed a Performance Commitments Compensation Agreement with the ICE industry, under which the total net profit in 2016, 2017 and 2018 was not less than $1.8 billion.
The company’s downstream production capacity is gradually released, and the company’s home-grown electrolytic aluminium is mainly used to satisfy downstream production. In 2016, the company’s aluminum alloy ingots accounted for 12.83% and 9.15% of its main business income and Māori, respectively, and the revenue of the plate has been declining in recent years, mainly as a result of the company’s rising production of downstream deep-processed products.
As a result of the decrease in sales of aluminum alloys, with the release of new production capacity downstream, it is expected that the cost of selling aluminum alloys out of the company will rise. In the second half of 2016, the price of electrolytic aluminium recovered, and the profitability of the company increased significantly, with Māori growing by 10.27 percentage points in 2016 over 2015.
At the same time, the company’s ability to control growth has been increased by the incorporation of electricity into the power industry, and the increase in the self-sufficiency of electricity and the precipitous poles. In the first half of 2017, as a result of the rise in upstream raw materials, the company’s aluminum gold plate has declined, but remains at a high level.
Aluminium prices have been adjusted in the short term and are expected to return to rationality in the long run. As aluminium prices have advanced further, starting in the second half of 2016, aluminium prices have increased significantly, reaching 25.10% in the first three quarters of the year.
At the same time, the stock of aluminum in the last two months has shown a downward trend, and the shortage in the electrolytic aluminium industry has begun to emerge. In terms of costs, the cost of raw materials upstream of electrolytic aluminium has risen, and profits in the electrolytic aluminium industry have generally declined.
The cost-end factor will provide a strong support for the increase in aluminium prices. In the long run, the industry will be showing an orderly release of supply and a rapid increase in demand, at a reasonable price of about 18,000 yen/t. The three main raw materials for electrolytic aluminium are aluminium oxide, electricity, and so on.
The price of raw materials is expected to remain relatively high due to the long-term nature and importance of China’s environmental protection and supply policy, and it is unlikely that the price of aluminium oxide will fall significantly except in the future. We expect that the full cost of the industry in the future will be $15,000 per ton, with a reasonable aluminium price of $18,000 per ton.
The company’s ability to use electrolyte aluminum is in line with its production capacity, and the production of the heating season is not subject to production restrictions. In addition, the company’s aluminium-processing product is priced in the form of aluminium.
Insin current prices + processing fees, the increase in aluminium prices in the previous period will lead to a huge increase in sales prices for the company's aluminium processing products, coupled with the continuous release of the company's downstream production capacity, which is expected to continue to break in the course of the year. 2.3. Downstream power, clear strategy, high-end positioning.
At the beginning of the company’s establishment, a sustainable development approach was defined, based on a high start, using high technology, and creating high quality, with products dominated by high-tech, high-value-added products, targeting the gap areas in China’s market. The company is currently investing in ongoing projects:
A project to produce 200,000 tons of ultra-large-sized special aluminium alloy material per year: the main product is a series of medium plated and thin-plate bands. Among these, the medium-plate series consists of airboards, shipboards, work-model panels, container tank panels, orbital vehicle panels, etc.
The products in the thinband series cover, inter alia, airboards, motor panels, shipboard panels, welding plates, canal lacquer rings, professional panels, oxidizers, etc., and are capable of producing filament tanks and aluminum. The project is now fully completed, fully operational and stable.
Production, which will continue to increase production and sales in 2017 to achieve full capacity, will produce 14,000 tons of large-scale precision-model exercise items per year: aluminium alloys, titanium alloys, nickel-based high-temperature alloys, mainly in markets such as aviation, transport, energy, power, mining equipment, etc.
The 40,000-ton high-precision multi-purpose aluminium production line project: positioning the high-end aluminum market, the company, the soft-packed aluminum product, which has developed in recent years, has successfully entered the international high-quality high-end aluminum market, and the post-partum project has eased the growth of foreign procurement and the underproduction of high-quality aluminum in the country.
In 2016, the project equipment was fully installed and will be in a trial production phase, with normal production in 2017. In terms of the industry, the aluminium consumer market is growing strongly in the future.
Aluminium processing will shift from building to industrial materials in the future. In the downstream industry, the construction industry remains the largest appliance of aluminium in the country, accounting for 33%.
Aluminium production is significantly lower in industry, and as the real estate sector stabilizes, aluminium processing will move in the future more in the direction of industrial materials. The production of flat-rolling materials will increase, with abs and aviation plates in the mainstream; the company’s new production capacity will adapt to the aluminium industry.
In 2016, the country produced 28.6 million tons of pressurized material, which is expected to reach gold and aviation plates and belts by 2018, and more than 1.8 million tons of additional flat-roll material by 2016-2017.
Aluminium processing has been gaining ground at the forefront of 3.1, in response to a light-quantified tide of automobiles, and the market space for the country's first producer of two aluminium plates in four cars.
The certification of the producer ' s products, which resulted in a bulk supply in the domestic and foreign markets, marked the company ' s ability to supply for the automobile manufacturer, becoming the country ' s first producer of four aluminium plates in four cars. The company will split up its competitors, achieve import substitution, and the technology content of the plate is high and the product ' s Māori ratio will be high.
In order to take full advantage of Europe’s position as a hub for high-end automobile and aviation producers, the company continues to expand its share of the European market, with its own funds of 1 million euros, to create a fully fledged employer in Europe.
With the progressive release of the company’s car board capacity, the company’s car board sales will increase steadily. The light quantification of cars is the trend, with aluminum alloy materials the preferred choice.
By 10% weight, fuel efficiency can be increased by 6-8%; car-to-car quality can be reduced by 0.3-0.7 litres per 100 kg and 100 km fuel consumption. In the current market situation, aluminium alloys are the preferred for light carization, with lower density of aluminium, with only one third of steel, and combined better than magnesium, steel, titanium, and composites.
Material. Aluminium alloys are initially calculated to be 30-40% weight reduction in simple replacements of high-strength steel, from which it is beneficial to improve the braking, activation, and exhaust performance of cars. Aluminium penetration of car components continues to increase. Data from duckerworldwide show current vapours.
The penetration rate of the hood is high, at 48 per cent, and the body is low, at 6 per cent; the penetration rate of the parts is expected to increase rapidly over the next 10 years, with the length of the hood and the door rising faster, with the door leaking into the global aluminium alloy space.
(b) In 2015, global vehicle production stood at 9,068.31 million, with a projected global vehicle production of 10.7668 million in 2025, an increase of 1.7 per cent, and a growth rate of compound aluminium use in automobiles in 2015-2025.
8.42 per cent, with a global volume of 15.6 million tons of aluminium in automobiles in 2015, and 35 million tons of aluminium in automobiles by 2025, domestic penetration of aluminium alloys is low, increasing by about 4.5 million tons over the next decade.
According to data from the route study group, Chinese bicycles used less than 100 kg in 2015 and the targets for 2020, 2025 and 2030 exceeded 190 kg, 250kg, 350 kg, respectively. Assuming annual production of 2 million vehicles and 300 kg per vehicle in the 13-year period, the demand for aluminium in the year was 600,000 tons.
In 2025, the demand for car aluminium was about 6.5 million tons, an increase of 4.5 million tons from 2 million tons in 2015. The company was the first to make a breakthrough in the domestic area of car aluminium.
From America’s alcoa, America’s novelis, Canada’s alcan, and Germany’s hydro. Domestic enterprise development has been slow, and companies, as leaders in aluminium processing, have taken the lead in achieving breakthroughs in this area.
3.2. Airboards: Prominent suppliers of shipping companies are ahead of the curve, with clear advantages. The supply of Chinese aeronautic aluminium is still in the pilot phase, with a large supply coming from imports. The southwest aluminium industry and the northeast light alloys have a small supply of medium and thick plates, but the quality of the product is stable.
There are still shortcomings in characterization. Companies with short procurement cycles, timely supply stability, price advantages, etc., will take the lead in filling gaps in the use of aluminium for civil aviation by domestic enterprises, with pre-emptive advantages. Companies have a strong technical advantage in the build-up and medium plate projects, and will continue to grow.
On October 27, 2016, the company signed a contract with Boeing and Boeing for the supply of aluminium pressurization and exercise materials. The company actively promoted the depths of its foreign- and domestic-renowned aviation companies, such as airfarers, Boeing, Chinese commercial flights, etc.
In cooperation with Boeing, a contract has been signed with Boeing for the supply of squeezed materials, and with airfarers for the development of the products of the Chinese commercial aircraft C919, 2524 aluminium alloys and 2024 aluminium alloys. The flats have now passed the Boeing.
Certification, 7050 (ams standard) board data packs have been cleared for Boeing, and in September 2017 company products were certified for bulk supply; product development for squeezed material has been completed and bulk supply is expected to be achieved by 2017.
Bombardier cuts into the Luo Military Industrial Air Supply Chain. At the end of October this year, the company signed a contract with the British company Rolls-Royce for the supply of engine rotations.
The further extension of the company’s air material coverage from the body material to the engine material at the core of the aircraft is another important advance on the company’s air path.
First, it's the largest airline engine in Europe. As the main engine provider of the big luxury public aircraft manufacturer Gulfstream, Rolo is the major engine provider for most of the 1,300 Gulfstream civil service aircraft worldwide. Rolo has severe conditions for choosing a global supplier, and Rolo has signed with the company on a plate exercise.
The supply contract represents recognition of the advanced equipment and technical capabilities of the building company and augurs well for the high-level start in the field of aviation in Nansan, which in the future will be another important base for the development and production of world-class aviation model exercise, especially the key parts of the engine.
Aluminium remains the dominant material for civil aviation. Almost all aluminium (boards, tarps, tubes, sticks, models, wires, exercise, casts, castings, etc.) is used in aviation and spacecraft, most of which are plate and model materials. For example, high-strength aluminum alloys are used as the main building block, using a percentage of the total on board.
The annual report predicts that global air passenger turnover (rpk) will increase at an average rate of 4.7 per cent per year, and that 37,049 new aircraft are expected to be delivered at an approximate value over the next two decades.
US$ 48,23.5 billion (based on 2014 catalogue prices) to replace and support the development of the fleet. The Chinese market will receive more than 50 passenger aircraft valued at about US$ 80,3.7 billion (based on 2014 catalogue prices) equivalent to nearly US$ 5 trillion. Of this, more than 50 vortex passenger aircraft will be delivered.
773, valued at $34.7 billion; 4,195 single-channel jets valued at $390 billion; and 1,250 double-channel jets valued at $380 billion. Over the next four years, the average annual demand for global aviation will exceed 400,000 tons of aluminium.
Aluminium has been used for more than 70% of aluminium and 40-60% of aluminium used by military aircraft. According to aluminium data, global aviation aluminium grew by 8-9% and aviation products by more than 300,000 tons in 2016. With the rapid growth in the global aviation industry, particularly in Asia and the Pacific, it is calculated on the basis of aircraft delivery and single-air aluminium.
The global demand for aluminium for aviation will exceed 2 million tons in 2016-2020, an average of more than 400,000 tons per year. The world’s main aviation aluminium is concentrated in a small number of plants abroad, with fewer suppliers in the country, and a sophisticated aluminium processing company, with a combined capacity of 580,000 tons, is a flying mechanism for air passengers and Boeing.
On May 5, 2017, China ' s major autonomous passenger aircraft, c919, took off at Shanghai Pundong International Airport, the first major Chinese aircraft to develop and own intellectual property rights in accordance with international standards. China became a successor to the United States, the European Union, and Russia ' s fourth able.
In May 2016, the Office of the State Council issued a Guidance for Promoting the Development of the General Aviation Industry, which states that by 2020, the number of UAVs will be reached.
More than 5,000 aircraft, with an annual flight capacity of more than 2 million hours, develop a market-competitive fleet of generic aviation enterprises. There has been a significant increase in the level and autonomy of common aircraft research and development, and a significant increase in the share of nationally produced utility aircraft in the general aviation fleet.
Aerial aluminium, as a high-performance aluminium, has long been the main source of entry. With domestic aviation, the country’s capacity to process high-performance aluminium is increasing, and the country’s future market for aeronautic aluminium will be a major opportunity to develop.
The company’s high-end aluminium processing capability is increasing, embracing the vast blue sea of aeronautic aluminium. As the process of national production of aeronautic aluminium is accelerating, our aeronautic volume is expected to grow rapidly over the next few years, and we are expected to achieve the goal of full national production of aeronautic aluminium over the next decade.
At around 100,000 tons, with an average annual composite growth rate of 25%. The company now produces 50 kt/a of aluminium aluminium processing capacity, with an additional 14,000 aerial exercise units under construction, and has already been supplied to well-known domestic and foreign shipping companies, industry 3.3. Orbital transport aluminium: to the best of the industry to develop the east wind.
The company's orbital traffic is in the forefront of the industry with aluminium production. The orbital traffic high irons, moving cars, intercity trains, subway aluminium alloyed car sizes are the company's most important industrial product, and the company has successfully developed high-dwelling, open-deep, inter-city car crh6a, crh6f, inter-city car.
Crh6f-a160km four-part group, e41-long sleeper, Chongqing subway, Chungzhou subway, Singapore 151b, Singapore t251 items of aluminium.
At the end of 2016, the company’s 150mn equipment for the 220,000-ton orbital transfer of production lines project was in the process of obtaining a certificate of title for trial production and volume production. The former company was one of the main suppliers of aluminium-structured materials for the South Vehicle Group in China and was supplied mainly to the South.
The Quadrano Motor Vehicle Company of Qingjishima, the South Car Company, is a company that manufactures fixed-point vehicles at China's high-speed train manufacturing base and on-orbit, and is the core of the South China Car Company Limited.
The market for high-end railway buses in Qingdao has a market of nearly 50 per cent of the high-speed motor vehicle stock, and the production of the high-speed train trains in Crh2, crh380a, etc. Figure 57: Chart 58: Crh2 series of the new high-speed motor vehicle fleet developed by Qingdao
In recent years, urban orbital traffic has been growing rapidly. The country has approved a total of 43 urban construction plans with a mileage of 8,600 km, which is now 4000 m and approximately 3,000 km. From 2016 to 2020, it is expected that the total urban orbital traffic will be in progress.
The mileage is expected to increase by 7,500 kilometres, the total mileage will double, and the compound will increase by more than 20%. On the basis of 10 cars per square mile, 6 tons of aluminium and 1.5 tons of aluminium are required per car, for a total of 560,000 tons of aluminium and 11.25 million tons per year during the 13-year period.
In accordance with the objectives of the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Plan, published in July 2016, a number of major landmark projects were launched by 2020, reaching 150,000 kilometres, including 30,000 kilometres of high-speed railways. By 2025, the railway network had reached 175,000 yuan.
At the end of 2015, China ' s railways had reached 121,000 kilometres, including 19,000 kilometres of high-speed railways. According to 3.6 cars per kilometre, each car requires 8 tons of aluminium, 1.5 tons of aluminium, and 376,000 tons of aluminium for the 13th and 5th period.
3.4. Aluminium platinum continues to be the leader of the company, which is a producer of a small number of tanks in the country. Cans (tanks, can cover) are the core product of the company, with 44 per cent of the domestic market and about 31 per cent of the market.
All orders are produced according to the customer’s actual purchase order, with a 100% production completion rate. The company’s main customers are the China Food Packing Investment Company Ltd., Wang Jigsung Health Development Co. Ltd., Orekin Packing Unit Ltd., and the end product is used for Coca Cola, Pepsi Coke, Wang Old Gil, Gardo Po, Snowflake Beer.
As domestic and foreign beverages are branded, stable and high-quality customer resources underpin the company’s long-term development. The benefits of increased consumption, particularly in the area of food, beverages and medicine, have become the most important consumer growth point in the bauxite market, especially in the soft packaging market.
According to the new report, the combined annual growth rate of the global bauxite packaging market was 3.69% between 2016 and 2020. At present, China uses 0.5 kg of aluminium per capita packaging, which is higher than the global average of 0.3 kg, but still has greater scope for upgrading (1.2 kg per capita in North America and 0.9 kg per capita in Japan).
The economic cycle has less impact and the market space is large. In particular, the domestic market has a greater potential for growth (global flavour consumption is growing at a rate of 6% per year, the United States consumes about 400 flavours per capita per year, while the domestic consumption is less than 1/10 per cent). The rapid development of diversified beverages such as downstream tea beverages, functional beverages, carbonated beverages, etc. is benefiting.
The market is expected to expand in the future, as beer canneries continue to grow. The high end of the bauxite market and the profitability of the aluminum plate have increased considerably.
Gold is the main product of 8021 aluminum molybdenum, which has already been produced in bulk, 3104 food cans, 5042 cans of GHL, 8011/3105 of high-grade anti-piracy bottle caps are on schedule. The company produces 40,000 tons of high-precision multi-purpose material a year. The aluminum molluscs project locates the high-end aluminum market, and the company ' s soft-packed aluminum coil products have developed in recent years.
In addition, the company has started the development and production of high-performance power batteries, which have now been tested for bulk supply. Alumina is a lithium battery.
Aluminium plastic film is a key material for packaging the core of the lithium battery, and the market has long been monopolized by Japanese and Korean firms, with external capacity exceeding 90%. The data show that 1gwh
Lithium batteries are in the range of 600-800 tons and domestic demand for lithium electricity is in the range of 40,000 tons in 2016. With the rise of the lithium market, it is expected that the amount of lithium batteries in the range of 80,000 in 2020 will be used.
As noted earlier, the South Mountain Aluminium industry is an industry-wide aluminium company that, in order to make a better profit, predicts that the company's business will be split into two simple parts: to cover the upper and upper limits of raw materials and electrolytic aluminium: to cover the downstream processing components of general products and high end manufacturing. For upper and upper center, the main discussion is the increase in aluminium prices to the public.
Performance elasticity brought by the Division: The elasticity of aluminium prices to corporate performance, directed at downstream processing, mainly as a result of increased output and higher product quality.
Note: Because electrolysis aluminium is an intermediate link in the aluminium industry chain, similar to other metal smelting links, it is different from the elastic calculation at the upstream end of the resource. Because mining costs do not generally change significantly in the short and medium term, we can assume that the cost is constant. But, while the price of electrolytic aluminium changes, the original
The end of the material also changes. Depending on the company’s business characteristics, we make the following assumptions: Scenario 1: Electricity costs. Companies have generators, coal is purchased, and there is a discount on the market price. Given the continuity and importance of supply side reforms in the coal industry, we can reasonably assume that
Coal prices have remained largely stable over the next two years, with the company purchasing prices corresponding to q5500 per ton of sea-powered coal (q5500) at $550 per ton, resulting in a conversion of electricity consumption costs of 0.35 yuan per ton. Scenario 2: Aluminium oxide costs. Aluminium oxides are all self-supporting, but aluminiums are needed for the production of aluminium oxides.
Environmental factors have led to a significant increase in bauxite and salin since the beginning of the year. By our calculations, the cost of aluminium oxide has risen to 3000 yuan per ton, and the industry net interest rate is around 10%. Given the steady release of future production capacity, we assume that the industry net interest rate will decline reasonably to 8% over the next two years.
The corresponding net profit can be 490 million yuan. Assumption 3: Precalculation arctic costs. The company's aluminium oxides are all self-sufficient, but both the oil coke needed to produce and the coal asphalt need to be outsourced. Since the beginning of the year, supply has been maintained because of environmental constraints and the concentration of the anodes in North China.
Tensions have continued, with the price of precipitous poles rising from 3,000 to 4,500 tons, while the price of raw materials has also risen, and the cost of full tax coverage has now risen to 3,500 yuan per ton, with a net interest rate of about 20% for the industry. Given the future production of precalculation poles of tons, the net profit should be 200 million yuan.
Reasonable profit margin for the electrolytic aluminium industry: The transformation of electrolytic aluminium, which started in early 2017, has resulted in a qualitative change in the industry, the supply end is gradually in the hands of the government, the disruption of production capacity is contained, and the demand growth in the industry is largely in line with the growth of the gddp, and the industry is gradually becoming stable and should have one.
A reasonable Maori rate, in part, presents a “public utility” feature. For public utilities, we assume that the industry has a reasonable Māori rate of 20%, a net interest rate of 10%, based on a rough calculation of the current cost of about $15,000/t, a reasonable aluminium price of $18,000/t. If the price of aluminium is up to $18,000/t, we can fake it.
If the price is exceeded, the cost will vary considerably, but we do not think it is likely that aluminium will last longer than $18,000 per ton. According to the process route, company processing can be divided into model materials and pressurized materials.
The output was 180,000 tons, of which 60,000 tons were industrial (including 20,000 tons of transhipment material) and 120,000 tons of construction materials, and about 800,000 tons of production capacity were pressurized materials, the main products of which were canisters, aluminium shoals, aluminium shoals, and airboards and carboards involved in shipping materials gardens.
Of these, the material, as well as the tank cans, will remain stable and will be increased mainly by airboards, motor panels, exercise units, and aluminum projects. Automotive board operations will gradually reach about 80,000 tons: airboards have entered the supply system of well-known manufacturers, such as Boeing, and are expected to be phased in over the next two years; exercise material operations are already in place.
The company's supply system, which is expected to yield production; the 40,000-ton aluminum project, which is expected to be phased into production, is expected in 2018 Aluminium pricing model: Aluminium pricing model generally uses “aluminium on-the-shelf prices plus processing fees”, and not Māori rate pricing model, where theoretically the increase or fall in aluminium prices is not profitable for processing operations
And processing fees depend mainly on product quality, technology, material productivity, and use. Depending on the company’s available data, and industry, the processing fees for each incremental plate are Māori (processing fees - plus)
The direct cost of the process is about 6000 yuan per ton of aluminium, 15,000 tons per ton of car plates, about 50,000 yuan per ton of airboards and exercise products. Thus, over the next two years, the increase in corporate processing is mainly due to new high-value-added products 4.3, company valuation versus industry.
The firm’s output is at the same level as the industry, and future output growth is expected to be good. For the public sector, it is low in comparable companies, covering it for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
In September 2017, the company announced its intention to build an aerobics plant in Indonesia, and to plant aluminium ore resources, reflecting its vision. China is a large country of electrolytic aluminium, but there is no bauxite, and in the next three or five years the bottlenecks in bauxite will gradually emerge.
Intra-aluminum companies are aware of this and act with little action, except for Wei Bridge Group, Middle Aluminum, and South Mountain aluminium. On the one hand, the perfect layout of the upper-middle- and upper-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-kilometer links to the company’s pre-positioned industrial chain, and on the other hand, the steady supply of raw materials for downstream processing is guaranteed.
We care more about the company's tireless downstream efforts and forward-looking layout than the upper-middle layout. From the traditional cannery tap to the railing of aluminium, the country's first carboard, airboard, the South Mountain aluminium industry has been leading the market. The South Mountain aluminium industry has been leading the market.
Through the certification of a world-renowned car company, bulk deliveries have begun, leading to a breakthrough in the nationalization of carboards; the airboards have entered the Boeing, Airfinder supply systems, the exercise materials have entered the Rolo supply system, and the company's vanguard in aluminium processing technology, which is consistent with the country's shift from “manufacturing power to manufacturing power”.
The main tone. For this technology-intensive, promising processing business, we should have given a higher risk of a sharp drop in aluminium prices: industry is in the early stages of supply, upstream capacity still has the capacity to release disorderly, and there is a risk of a major drop in aluminium prices if macroeconomics continue downstream, resulting in insufficient demand;
(b) The new project is not as productive as expected: the company’s shipyard project is not yet fully operational and may be set up in the future.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.