Short-term pressure on performance, more long-term development of flowering companies Investment rating: weak overall demand for the buying (maintenance) vitamin industry and short-term pressure on performance
Short-term pressure on company performance, mainly due to weak demand in the vitamin industry. Year 2022, real places, according to information from Begawa, as of 20 April 2023, va prices were $91 per kilogram, 66.9 per cent lower than at the beginning of 2022, and ve prices were $78 per kilogram lower than at the beginning of 2022.
The continuing expansion of biomass capacity has led to higher supply than demand in the domestic market, which is also the main cause of short-term pressure on corporate performance, as well as, owing to macro-level factors, higher prices for some of the company's raw materials have led to higher cost of products, and as future stocks of vitamins have dissipated and downstream demand has recovered, companies have performed well.
In terms of vitamins, the supply of vitamins outside the sea has recently been announced to be out of production, and the price of raw materials upstream at the cost is expected to rise.
Vitamine prices support the need-side domestic pig cycle, which is about to open up, and vitamin stocks are now dissipated, and companies are expected to benefit centrally in the context of supply contraction and domestic demand recovery. With regard to amino acid, the domestic market for ecstasy is in demand, and the rate of penetration of the liquid market for ecstasy is expected to rise.
The company's second phase of 150,000 tons of solid ammonium amino acid is about to enter into a joint venture with China and petrochemicals, with production continuing in June, and a joint venture with China and petrochemicals to build 180,000 tons per year of liquid amino acid.
Production units (purified) where all projects will be completed, our market share of ecstasy will be further in line with expectations. 2. Three-quarter performance, new project construction. 30,000 tons of sulfonic acid projects will start to test vehicles, and several projects will continue to be expected to provide business to the company.
3. The first half of the year was robust, new projects steadily promoted the transfer of the global spice industry to the Asia-Africa region, corporate cost advantages helped to expand market share, the fragrance industry moved eastwards, and the company continued to expand its brand of new spices and was expected to seize the opportunity.
There are a variety of fine spices, mainly in the solar and food industries, with high technology, channels, talent walls, and difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The current gradual shift of the international firm ' s fragrance giants to Asia and Africa offers opportunities for domestic fragrance enterprises to expand their vitamin intermediates.
The display of aromatic aromatic and lemon formaldehyde products, while maintaining an international lead in product quality, would reduce the cost by 10-20 per cent, with significant cost advantages that would enable the company to expand its market value, in addition to the fact that the company is investing more new spices and 5,000 tons of mintol projects are under way.
In the pilot phase, the company continues to optimize its product matrix, and future market competitiveness is expected to be further advanced by adding new material plates to the code layout. Speed up the achievement of high-end material self-controllable layout of new high-end materials with multiple segments of the track, and the company is expected to take the lead.
The demand for these materials has continued to grow at a high rate as the country ' s cars have grown at a slow pace, with firms representing domestic enterprises breaking through the technological blockade in recent years, and the process of national production substitution has accelerated.
Plans have been made for the approval of 30,000 tonnes/year of ps production capacity, of which 15,000 tonnes/year of production line have been sold regularly, and three volumes of 7,000 tonnes/year of installation have entered the test stage and are well under way; with respect to pa and Xenon, 1,000 tonnes of pa and 110 tonnes of Xenenon are under construction. In addition, the company has made further progress.
New products such as Pa66, hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi), amphetamine (ipda) and amphetamine diocyanate (ipdi) are available in the extended industrial chain and are expected to pre-empt public competition in the market.
(3) Production capacity is not built as expected; (4) exchange rate and trade risks. 1 Domestic vitamin head business with short-term performance pressure
Since its inception, the company has built four production bases in Zhejiang, Zhechang, Shandong, and Heilongjiang Zhenzi, where the base is mainly concerned with the production of vitamin a, vitamin d3, biomass, raw materials, etc.
The base is mainly responsible for the production of vitamins a, vitamine, pps, carrots, shrimp linin, and so on; the base is mainly responsible for the production of spices, high-end new materials, pine amino acid, etc.: 2017, in the Heilong River, the company built a biological fermentation estate, mainly for the production of wheat syrup, vitamin c, vitamin b12,
Products such as ancillary enzymes q10 have since evolved into two core platforms: chemical + and biological +.
Operations, currently under the 500-tonne/year nitrogen dichotomy project, have started production and marketing; new materials are developed with hydrogen cyanide, hydrogen sulfide, and isofol ketone for vitamine intermediates, and companies, with existing industrial chains at their core, continue to strengthen their integration advantages and increase profits.
Short-term pressure on corporate performance, mainly due to weak demand in the vitamin industry. Full year of business in 2022, if the domestic market is more expensive than needed as a result of the continued expansion of domestic vitamin production, this is also the main reason for short-term pressure on corporate performance. Moreover, owing to macro-related factors, higher prices of some of the company ' s original support materials lead to cost of products
There has been an increase, and corporate performance is expected to pick up as future vitamin stocks are dissipated and downstream demand resumes.
Corporate fragrances, new material plates are growing steadily. Corporate Maori rates and net interest rates have fallen slightly, in 2022, mainly because of the overall weakness of the vitamin industry. Sub-business plates, corporate nutrients and fragrance plate hairs, and corporate ecstasy operations have grown steadily throughout the year, at a very high price, maintaining higher growth rates and comparing company performance.
Chart 5 maintains a high Māori ratio for nutrients and fragrances, Chart 4 shows a slight decline in Māori rates and net interest rates Depreciation fees, increased amortization of intangible assets, resulting in a slight overall increase in cost during 2022, but the overall cost of the company is three.
In addition, companies have been focusing on R & D inputs, R & D costs, R & D costs, R & D costs, and rising costs of R & D in figure 7. Companies have maintained better cash flow levels. In 2022, companies now have a net ratio of 1.20,2023q1
Chart 9 holds the stock turnover at reasonable intervals. Chart 10 maintains an overall better level of profitability. 2 vitamins are expected to reverse, and projects such as ecstasy are expected to be operational.
Vitamins and amino acids are biologically essential organic compounds. Since most vitamins and amino acids cannot be synthesized in humans or animals themselves or are not sufficiently synthesized, they need to be ingested through food.
Although the amount of vitamins and amino acid in feed is low at 0.6% and 1.5% respectively, this substance plays a very important role in regulating physiological functions and catalytic metabolic processes.
Figure 12 Maximum downstream of vitamins and amino acids in animal feed 2.1 Vitamins: supply contraction plus recovery of demand, scenario expected to reverse, global distribution of vitamina and vitamine on the supply side shows a preponderant pattern, and overseas supply is expected to progress.
As a result of the long production processes, complex production processes, high production skills and high environmental handling requirements, global production is concentrated in several manufacturers, with a global production capacity of approximately 362,000 tons for vitamina and 126,000 tons for vitamine, mainly in the form of packages.
In addition, there is a problem with the supply of vitamina and vitamine, which is the main cause of the historical volatility in the prices of vitamina and vitamine. In the second half of the second half of 2022, due to geopolitical shocks.
In anticipation of the continuing escalation and the European winter surge in electricity, and with high energy costs, the European Vitamin Enterprise, Tethman, announced that on 2 January 2023, it would cease vitamin production at the Sithern factory in Switzerland for at least two months, with a production capacity of approximately 5,600 tons of vitamina, a global ratio of 15 per cent and a capacity of 18,000 vitamine production.
High prices for imports of ve-synthetic important intermediates are expected to support the price of ve. Most of our vitamine production companies, in addition to new productions, produce phenols, while the separation of phenol products is difficult and by-products are difficult.
The complexity of products and waste disposal, the high technical barriers, the concentration of the global production of alpha-phenol, the foreign production of about 80 per cent and the domestic production of only 20 per cent, makes our production of vitamine more dependent on the import of methylphenols, as a result of the conversion of a part of the inter-methamphetamine production line in Lanseng, Germany, in 2019, and the issuance of our anti-methrophenol in 2020.
The dumping policy, which has declined to around 3,000 tons per year since 2019, and the price has risen, with an average price of $6888.60 per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton per toxachlorophenol in 2022 and a relatively high global demand for high-cost animal fertility per se since the combination of dsm and technology resources.
A combination of multiple factors, such as high prices, high demand for and supply patterns, are expected to support the domestic price of vitamine. The key vitamina-based lemon formaldehyde is being produced in the near future, or will change the global supply of vitamina.
According to the smoke station municipality, the 48,000 tons of lemon ellipse, a chemical device produced annually in Mandarin, will be produced in 2023-2024. Lemon formaldehyde is an important intermediate in the production of vitamina. Its production process is more complex. Only three Basque, New Union and Coleri are currently productive globally, with Basfe accounting for nearly 80 per cent of the world ' s market share, while the new one is new.
The sum of 8,000 tons is used mainly for home-grown vitamina, which, according to the publicity, is to be delivered after delivery by a mass chemical lemon formaldehyde device, which sells 2110,000 tons/year of lemonde. The mass chemical lemon formaldehyde device is capable of producing 76% of the current capacity, is to be delivered after delivery, or will change the global supply pattern of vitamina, which, on the one hand, will break the technology of key intermediates abroad.
On the other hand, the excess capacity of vitamina in the country will be exacerbated, and 40,000 tons of lemon formaldehyde will be installed in 2030 under the Basvut River Integration Project. Vitamina and vitamine will be used mainly for pig feed from the demand side.
For animal feed for pig feed, according to the China Economic Research Institute, 40 per cent of the animal feed in vitamina and 45 per cent in poultry feed (including meat and eggs); 47 per cent of the pig feed in vitamine and 47 per cent of the poultry domestic demand are expected to open up the pig cycle, which is expected to drive domestic vitamina and vitamine.
The cost of feed is the most important component of the cost of pig farming, which accounts for about 60 to 70 per cent of the cost of pig farming, so that feed is highly correlated with pig farming, and we expect the pig cycle to be on its way, with future prices expected to be reduced and future prices expected to rise, with the pig business expected to recover on a marginal basis. The main reasons are:
Year after year, and in recent years, the entire cycle has become shorter;2 every cycle of pigs begins the upper cycle with a "w" search. The pressure bar and second-fertilization stock were phased out before 2022, and the country ended up at the bottom of the cycle, owing to low prices, low corporate propensity to press and secondary fertility, superimposed traditional low-season factors,
(2) By the end of February 2023, the number of pigs in the country was 4.43 million. In general, the four-month period of pregnancy was four months for pigs, six-month for commercial pigs growing up and adding to the target of the 2023 birth of the main listed pigs, the supply of which will be expected in the second half of 2023.
Increases. With a combination of a full recovery in domestic consumption under the new domestic policy, a traditional high season of domestic pork consumption in the second half of the year and a slowdown in the stock of pigs after 2022q3, it is expected that the prices of pigs will be strongly supported and the prices of pork in our country will rise.
We believe that the price of pork is expected to rise, the profits of pigs are expected to be repaired marginally, the will of pigs to expand their production increased, the demand for fodder increased, and the demand for vitamina and vitamine was expected to increase.
On the external side, the overall demand for vitamins exports is expected to recover. We are a net exporter of vitamina and vitamine. We are a net exporter of vitamine. We are a major exporter of vitamina and vitamine. Weak overall demand for vitamina and vitamine abroad in 2022.
Annual pork production will reach 55 million tons, an increase of 7.84 per cent. The major vitamin exporter, the United States, is expected to produce 12,471,000 tons of pork in 2023, an increase of 1.22 per cent in the same year. In the European Union, meat production is expected to reach 22,580,000 tons in 2023, a decrease of 0.4 per cent in the same year, and, overall, domestic demand for vitamin exports is expected to recover.
The company is expected to benefit centrally from the weak demand for vitamina exports in 212022, the weak demand for vitamine exports in 222022 and the tightening of supply + the recovery of domestic demand. The company has an existing vitamina capacity of 8,000 tons (iu).
.ve production capacity of 60,000 tonnes (50% powder), currently more than 20% of the global market share of company vitamina, more than 40% of the market share of subsistence, industry, prominent branding, leading domestic and well-known foreign market position, company use of isofol ketone to produce the key intermediate trimethyl hydrazine, annual price of phenol.
In addition, the company ' s vitamin products include vc, vd3, vb2, stage Vc series products, vb12, etc., produced by bioearing, using renewable maize as a feedstock, preparation techniques for achieving its molecules by fermenting microorganisms, and production of products by cellular metabolism, which promotes fossil energy.
The shift from sources to renewable sources of energy, the dynamic implementation of differentiated development of nutrients, the continuous improvement of product competitiveness by optimizing process routes and focusing on priority issues. In the context of the recovery of domestic demand and the growth of overseas exports, g.2.2.
On the supply side, the global supply of ecstasy is a bogus monopoly pattern, with domestic firms struggling to catch up. Because of the high barriers to the synthesis of ecstasy acids, large amounts of environmental pollutants such as methanol and hydrogen sulfide are generated in the production process, the requirements for waste gas treatment are also high, and there are higher brand walls in the distribution channels.
So it's hard for small and medium-sized enterprises to cut in. The former global market share for euphemism is still in the hands of a small number of companies, winning over 80% of the world's share of the world's creative, Andy Su, Noveyzi and resident companies. With the breakthrough in Chinese euphexic acid technology, my country's euphemism began to be replaced by national production, and in 2015 Blue Star's full-time acquisition of Andy Su was increased.
Fast-tracking our national production replacement process, where our corporate market for ecstasy now accounts for more than 40% of the total, with new and established production facilities for tonne/year liquid ecstasy (purity), all of which, when completed, will further increase our market share of ecstasy and become the third largest producer of ecstasy in the world.
Energy growth in Europe is expected to continue, and our country is expected to become a net exporter of ecstasy. Due to the technical barriers to the synthesis of ecstasy and the high cost of environmental protection, we have been a net importer of ecstasy.
Ten thousand. The cost of ecstasy has also been gradually reduced as a result of the continued optimization of the technological path of domestic enterprises. Although the price of European gas has now fallen sharply from its recent peak, it is still expected to remain at historically high levels, rising energy prices in Europe, production costs of ecstasy are expected to be lower than in Europe, and our country is expected to become a net export of ecstasy.
Figure 26 shows a gradual reduction in our net import of ecstasy, and chart 25 shows a gradual reduction in the price gap for ecstasy, both domestic and foreign, from the demand side, that downstream applications of ecstasy are mainly avian feed, and that our country is a major producer of chicken and acrylic acid.
The market space is wide. Because of the effective ability of ecstasy to promote avian growth, improve the quality of chicken and improve the immuneness of the body, among other things, it is more applied to poultry feed, which accounts for 34% of sub-polymeric feed, 26% of egg feed, 33% of pig feed, and 60% of poultry feed. We are the second largest chicken in the world.
For meat-producing countries, the Nrc standard protein amino feed supplementation rate in the United States is 0.25 per cent, and according to data from the Mobil and China Feeding Industries Association, the amount of egg amino acid used for feed was only 0.14 per cent in 2021, which is below the scientific rate, and if the 0.25 per cent add-up rate is used, the demand for the market for ecstasy will rise by 78 per cent.
Diagram 27, downstream applications of ecstasy, mainly poultry feed, is the world's second largest producer of chicken meat, with a projected short-term pressure on the demand for ecstasy in 2022.
(b) According to Japan's Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, since the first outbreak of the avian influenza epidemic was reported at the end of October, Japan has been able to kill approximately 2.75 million avian species since 22 November. This avian flu has resulted in eggs and chicken prices abroad.
As of December 2022, the price of chicken in the United States was $3.31 per kilogram, the price of chicken in the European Union was 2.65 euros per kilogram, which is historically high, and our country is not yet affected by avian influenza overseas. On the overseas demand side, there is a decrease in avian stock, and exports of feed are expected to decrease, as a result of the large number of avian flu deaths or kills.
In terms of domestic demand, it is expected to decrease in the short term; as a result of the foreign extraction and consumption of white chickens in the country, overseas avian influenza will also affect domestic stock levels in the short term, and domestic condensate will also be expected to be pressured in the short term, but given the short lead times for poultry production (for example, it has a 40-year farming cycle).
The demand for ecstasy is expected to recover rapidly after the end of the avian flu. United States chicken prices (US$/kg)
- EU chicken prices (euro/kg) Continued layout of the market share of the pygmino acid business, expanding. The company's pygmy acid is of excellent quality, with a purity of more than 99%, and has a good particle flow, high stack density, compared to the mha-fa, bioavailability.
The company has a capacity of 150,000 tonnes/year of protein amino acid, the country's second largest production company, and a second phase of 150,000 tonnes of solid amino acid will be put into production in June 2023, while the company intends to build a production unit of 180,000 tonnes/year of liquid amino acid (purity) with China's petrochemical company.
In addition, the company’s 3000 tons of sulfonic acid project has started to test the car. With domestic demand growing and the penetration rate of liquid sulfonic acid rising, the company is expected to benefit from early deployment.
The fragrance industry has shifted its focus towards Asia and Africa, with cost advantages, and the fragrance is mainly applied to day and food. By industry, the fragrance is used mainly in the food and day-to-day industries, where the ratio is about 56% in the food sector, about 44% in the daily spice industry, and the tobacco industry in the food industry.
Figure 30 fragrances are mainly applied to solarization and food demand, the global market for fragrances is growing steadily, the industrial focus is shifting towards Asia and Africa and domestic firms.
Opportunities and challenges coexist. In the size of the global spice market, spices account for about one third, and spices for about two thirds, in 2021, the global spice market was $29.1 billion, an increase of 2.46 per cent compared to the 2.46 per cent increase. Our transition plans for the food industry during the “13th Five-Five” period provided strong policy support for the spice industry, while Europe, the United States and Japan, among others, provided strong policy support for the spice industry.
As the international fragrance giant has entered a highly developed stage, the local market is becoming more saturated (the local sales are only 30-50%, while the remaining 50-70% of the products are sold abroad), and countries such as Asia have become the main competitive areas. The rapid development of our market in 2017 has attracted a large number of international industry leaders to build factories or the world.
At the research and development centre level, the production of Chinese spices increased by 9.07 per cent in 2018 and, by 2021, our spice production stood at 2.02 million tons. According to the Ial Advisory Body, demand for spices markets has increased more steadily in the coming years, with faster growth in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Central America, and the size of the Asian market will be expected by 2020.
Asia’s market is the region with the largest demand for spices, accounting for about 40% of the global market. Overall demand for fragrances across the globe is highly consistent with trends in global economic development, i.e., a shift in the focus of growth towards concentrated Asian-African-type developing countries, where the market for fragrances becomes the most potentially competitive market.
On the one hand, the construction of an international industry giant in China is expected to lead to the sustainable development of the domestic spices industry, and domestic firms are expected to benefit. On the other hand, the rapid occupation by the international industry giants of domestic markets for high-end products and their gradual expansion towards the centre pose a major challenge to the survival and development of domestic enterprises.
Figure 31 shows a steady increase in the size of the global market for spices, chart 32 shows a steady increase in the production of spices at the end of supply, a higher concentration in the global spices industry, a further increase in the concentration of domestic industries, and a competitive market.
Most of the world’s most advanced spice-producing companies are from developed countries, with the top 10 spice companies selling more than 75% of the world’s market, with the Chihuaton, Fiff, Fantas, Descendants, four of them accounting for more than 50% of the market share of the global market in 2019, which has now been expanded to over 60%, with a concentration of industries.
Domestic firms are now more dispersed and small in size, larger spices are dominated by Chinese shares, Sino-Sung, China Porton, Epp, and Ah-Hung, and are facing a withdrawal of small domestic enterprises from environmental finance due to the high technical barriers to the key varieties of spices, the tightening of domestic environmental policies, and the withdrawal of small domestic enterprises from environmental finance.
At the same time, the share of foreign firms in China’s construction plants has gradually encroached on the market share of less competitive firms. Moreover, large domestic firms have made technological breakthroughs in recent years, sustaining and maintaining high growth in the fragrance industry, which in the long run is expected to increase further the concentration of domestic fragrances and optimize competition in the market.
Figure 34 shows a high global concentration in the spices and spices industry, and chart 35 shows a promising increase in the concentration of the Chinese spices and a significant cost advantage for the company ' s spice products, and a shift in the focus of the industry towards sub-regions is expected to lead to rapid growth in the company ' s business.
The core technology of the sorghum, lemon formaldehyde series has long been dominated by two giants, Bassov and Tiesmann, in Germany, by the company ' s self-research of the lemon formaldehyde process, the first of which was the self-reactive supercritical reaction technology, the large-scale stabilization of the production of lemon formalde, the introduction of the aromatic aryl chain to the lemon formaldehyde industry through the reordering process, and the cost of its lemon formaldehyde and aromatic products.
The reduction of 13.4 per cent and 16.8 per cent, respectively, compared to Bastov, and the autonomous development of catalysts have resulted in aromatic aromatics being 0.5 per cent purer than 98.8 per cent in Bastov, impurities being reduced from four to two, and fragrances being raised from “may” to “better” levels, with significant cost advantages while safeguarding product quality.
The company now produces more than 30,000 tons of fragrance, and the company will also concentrate on the lemon ellipses, the aromatics, and the folics.
Building, gradually diversifying, continuously introducing new varieties of spices, serialization, synergizing, functionalization and differentiation of products, according to a company project that has been approved by the Economic and Technical Development Area of the Ribama Sea, the company will also add to its base in Shandong new four hydrogen folicols, orange esters of ethylate, suzuranan, violantone, gyrosal, nymalithon, nymalithonal, melonaline,
The company continues to optimize and build the core competitiveness of its products through interconnectivity.4 New high-end materials technology breakthroughs and national production substitution accelerates.
4.1 pps: Anti-dumping assistive national production substitution process Poly-sulfur ethers (pps) are one of the most important species of poly aromatic sulfur ethers in a wide range of applications. pps resins are white or near white, a hard and crispy local crystallized polymer with a maximum crystallization level of 70%.
Melting points of 280-290°C, consisting of intertwining benzene rings and sulfur atoms, contain highly stable chemical keys in the molecular structure, which provide high molecular stability to both thermal degradation and chemical reactions, which, due to their excellent confluence, are known as the relay polycarbonate (pc), polyester (pet), polymethyl formaldehyde (pom), nylon (pa),
The main engineering plastics after polybenzene (ppo) are used extensively after the ps resins have been modified, and the ps resins of different specifications can be made into engineering plastics, fibres, thin film, coatings, which are applied in different fields, with the main downstream applications being environmentally friendly and automobiles accounting for 35% and 20% respectively.
Figure 39 pps is mainly used in the area of automobiles and environmental protection. Figure 38 pps Industrial chains at the supply end, where there is still a gap between domestic firms and international giants.
Global production is concentrated in Japan, where dic, Toyoyo and Wu Qu chemist make up nearly 40% of the world's market, and our pps, despite their breakthroughs, are still in need of technological improvement in the areas of raw material precision, polymerization, solvent recovery, product reprocessing, equipment construction, product development and engineering magnification.
At the demand side, the light quantification of cars and the increase in the accuracy of the products in the vehicles have led to a rapid increase in the market in China’s pps. On the global market, according to qyresearch data, the year 2020 was affected by the epidemic, and the city of the pps as a whole.
(b) On the Chinese market, the demand for the pps has grown rapidly, in 2021, as lightly quantified demand has grown, the rapid development of new energy vehicles, the demand for precision in electronic products and instrumentation has increased.
The market demand for pps was 60.9 million tons, an increase of 10.02 per cent over the same year, and the market size of the pps was 3,120 million yuan, maintaining high growth in the global pps market as a whole in figure 42, and the market for the Chinese pps in figure 43 maintained high growth rates.
At the policy level, anti-dumping policies guarantee the healthy development of our apps industry, and the process of national production is accelerating. On April 22, 2019, the new and formed industries officially submitted to the Department of Commerce an application for anti-dumping survey against imported poly-sulphides originating in Japan, the United States, South Korea and Malaysia.
Investigation, Department of Commerce Proclamation No. 45 of 2020, dated 16 October 2020, published the preliminary findings of an anti-dumping investigation into the import of polysulfide (pps) originating in Japan, the United States, the Republic of Korea and Malaysia, the dumping of polysulfide originating in Japan, the United States, the Republic of Korea and Malaysia, and the domestic polysulfide industry.
This anti-dumping was mainly directed at apps producing enterprises such as Toyo, Toyo, Toyoshi, Diebin, Solvi, which, according to a Ministry of Commerce announcement, required 5,4544 tonnes in 2018.
Imports of 32091 tons, or 58.84% of imports. Whereas production firms in the four countries and their domestic markets in China account for 54.31%, they sell at far lower prices in China (40-105% dumping), resulting in lower rates of home-grown apps (40% average) and a marked decline in sales in recent years.
Since that time, the domestic market has been growing at a rapid rate, and the self-sufficiency rate has gradually increased.
At the demand end, global high-temperature nylon production is currently over 160,000 tons and market size is over $1.5 billion. According to qyresearch, the global high-temperature nylon market was about $1,542 million by 2021, a 17.81 per cent increase. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, global high-temperature nylon production was 160,000 tons in 2020.
At the supply end, international giants account for more than 80% of the world’s share, and domestic high-temperature nylon firms are expanding their production in an orderly manner to accelerate national production. Major production and technology are still concentrated in the hands of international firms, with foreign giants like Tethman, Dubon, and Trinity.
Drill gas, Emans, etc., which accounts for more than 80% of the world ' s high-temperature nylon market, the exclusive owner of the Dutch company Tethman, which owns a patent on pa46, while one of the important ingredients for the production of pa4t is controlled by Tethman, since pa4t is also produced exclusively by Tethman.
In addition to p46, p6t, p9t, p10t, the current industrialization of high-temperature nylon varieties includes p11t, p12t, pamxd6, e.g., Mitsubishi gas chemistry in Japan.
Pamxd6 is used as a feedstock for adipic acids and intermethamedamines, mainly in the area of high barrier materials. There are currently fewer and more homogeneous high-temperature nylon producers in the country, mainly p6t and p10t, representing blonde technology, new and emerging, among which blonde technology is the world's leading industry of p10t.
New production capacity of tons, with high-temperature nylon replacement accelerating. 4.3 quintium dichloride: Key technologies gradually break through, and domestic expansion will be used mainly for Pa66 production.
To be used in the production of Pa66, dragon 66, which is better integrated than nylon 6, is used extensively in the fibre optics and industrial plastics industry, and has a wide range of applications in military uniforms, clothing, new energy vehicles, electronics, mechanical instrumentation. So far, about 90% of the annual production of diazole is used for production.
Pa66 salt, which accounts for 40-50 per cent of the cost of production, is used mainly at the end of the production demand side of Pa66 in figure 48, where breakthroughs have been made over the last three years and import dependence has been reduced year by year.
The higher barriers to production of hydrazine are found in the dominant method of butadiene, where the difficulty lies in the recycling of catalysts, the dichlorfon dichloride and the dichloride of other diazine blends, and the purity and yield of hydrogen cyanide synthesis. Thus, the long-term reliance on hydrazine production techniques is monopolized by Inveda, Orede, Basv, and Xinzid.
Before that year, we did not have a mass-produced hydrazine device in our country, all of which is dependent on imports. In 2015, the China Sky Project (China Chemical Company), Tianjin Zhenbo and Shandong Hydracists successfully developed a self-researched system of catalysts for the production of hydrazine direct hydride synthesizing hydrazine, with 50 tons/year mid-year test lines.
Drive, 2,000 tons/year full-process test drive in 2017, 200,000 tons by the China Peaks Group has been put into production in 2019, 50,000 tons in phase I of the Cerium Project, which has officially opened the country's national production path, and the level of dependence on imports has declined from year to year, with imports of 270,000 tons in 2021, consumption of 312,000 tons and dependence on imports.
Figure 49 shows that the dependence on imports of diazole has been reduced year by year, and that the process of substitution of national production is expected to accelerate.
In 2025, more than 1.3 million tons of new domestic production capacity will be available, based on the conversion ratio of dichloride = 0.94:1, dichloride: pa66 = 0.53:1, 80% start rate of dichloride, which will support the construction of more than 2 million tons of pa66 and, on the one hand, the rapid growth of the country’s pa66 needs.
On the other hand, as the country ' s industry chain of dichlorfon-hydamine-pa66 is becoming more technologically mature, product quality improvements and production costs are expected to be better controlled. 4.4 Add-coded new material plates to accelerate the achievement of high-end material self-control.
In May of that year, the company established a joint venture with Disman, which accounted for 60% of the registered capital of the joint venture and 40% of the company, which was used to produce, develop and sell the ps complex and the ps mixture. Tesman is a global-renowned multinational corporation with leadership in the field of high-performance engineering plastics and is a major global region.
There are relevant R & D centres, which cover such areas as automobiles, electrical and electronics, soft packaging of food, consumption, and industrial goods. A well-developed and well-developed global marketing network will deliver products to customers around the world in a timely and expeditious manner.
The combination of global client resources will help to rapidly open up the market for the company's apps complex and to be effective.
New material plates have been set up and construction of photogas projects started in 2021, and new products, such as pa66, hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi), amphetamine (ipda) and diocyanate (ipdi), are being planned for inclusion in the high-end nylon and high-end optical materials project and the new energy and environmental materials project.
(c) Step-by-step expansion of the industrial chain to optimize the product matrix and accelerate the achievement of high-end material autonomy. (1) Macroeconomic risks; (3) below-expected capacity-building;
(4) Exchange rate and trade risks. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.