Computer group, letter-making erp leader, ai and seaboarding to build a second-growth curve, a friend network that is the world's leading corporate digital intelligence software and service provider, ploughing their uniforms.
Over 36 years, product upgrades from financial software to erp and then to bip have been achieved, with over 40,000 large and medium-sized enterprises, more than 660,000 micro and small enterprises, with market shares remaining the top industry for many years.
The company is now at the threshold of a new generation of mature products and a full start to business organizational change, and is expected to start the next growth cycle.
At the organizational level, the company has been upgrading its operations from a region-based model to an industry-based model since 23 years to better match its clients’ needs. The company’s services are 100 million yuan, an increase of 32.5%.
Millions of dollars, or 38.9% more, are expected to be more resilient at the profit end as the product is grinding and mature. Large clients, represented by the United States, want to build on their intelligence while transforming their trust.
The transformation provides a strong support for the growth of companies in the medium and long term. According to the Institute of Intellectual Research and Pre-Vision Industry, the market size of the country’s erp market was 10.8% in 2022-2027, and with the system’s cloud +ai empowerment, the market space will be opened further.
The Division is at the forefront of the industry in terms of technical maturity of products, the ability of a large-scale model of ai, and the building of a trust-based ecology, serving large clients with experience and promising to replace overseas producers in this wave of nationalization + number of intellectualizations and to gain a higher share of the market.
Companies are also actively exploring overseas markets, with distribution bureaux in terms of products, delivery, compliance, etc. The number of offshore erp clients and the size of their receipts are among the highest in the country.In 2023, companies generated $204 million from offshore operations, an increase of 33.2 per cent.
In 2017 - 2023, the offshore revenue collection amounted to 19.9 per cent, which is higher than the domestic coverage of 100+ countries during the same period, and is expected to create a second curve in income growth.
1. Deep-farming business services, dynamic organizational change, a global leader in business intelligence software and service providers, was listed on a stock market in 2001.
At the stage of strategic development of 3.0-11, the goal is to serve millions of clients, expand 100,000 ecological partners and reach 100 million-grade members. 1.1 Deep-farming enterprises have had the highest market share for 36 years. Since their establishment in 1988, the company has gone through three key stages of development: 1) in the product dimension and achieved financial sustainability.
Software goes to erp (business management software) and beyond: 2) in the organizational architecture, from agent to regional to industry-based models for large enterprises. With pre-emptive advantages and a profound understanding of the business services market, companies now have a rich product matrix covering large, medium and small customers.
Over 40,000 large and medium-sized enterprises and over 660,000 small and medium-sized enterprises, whose share of the market has remained stable for many years. The period of friendship 1.0 (1988-1997): a proactive expansion of the business network based on the pre-existing advantages of financial software.
Founded in Beijing, with the launch of the Dos platform-based accounting software, it responded quickly to the enterprise’s financial automatic R & D orientation at the time, and achieved a rapid increase in its market share.
Department of Operations: Launched the establishment of large-scale subsidiaries and affiliates throughout the country in 1994: in 1997, companies consolidated their agency channels, replacing channel agents with branches, and in the follow-up erp software for full roll-out (1998-2015) period of friendship 2.0: the emergence of a market of powererp and the continuous expansion of products and channels
erp is a dynamic system of management working groups using information technology in various aspects of business finance, manufacturing, marketing, logistics within the supply chain, providing decision-making and operational tools for decision-making at the decision-making level and for staff, and improving business flow to improve core competitiveness.
The market began to rise; in 1997, the China Software Industry Association's launch of the "Step March" marked the year of China's accounting, where companies, thanks to their localization advantages, were the first to occupy the erp market in China and successfully outperformed the international plant.
nc, erp u8 for medium-sized enterprises, t+ series for micro-enterprises. The company is also actively integrating technologies such as the Internet and cloud computing. The uap management application platform was launched in 1999 to support visualization and integrated development models; in 2008, the company launched the management software u9 for the first soa architecture worldwide, through industry.
The modular approach to business management software development has been made more flexible and fast: in 2014, the company launched the uiap series on the uap base, which was updated several times, and iuap formed the core architecture of the "3-plate plus three-mode" including the technology platform, the low-code platform, the interface integration platform and the operations centre,
In terms of the distribution of channels, the company's organizational structure was optimized in 2007 with the creation of a product business line based on the “Ministry of Enterprise/Home Department” model; and regional business organizations were reformed to adopt a sub-firm platform model, with regional sub-units taking care of the product.
In 2008, the company fully implemented its customer business model, moving from a management software product provider to an information-based application service provider for customer operations and management, leading to an increase in client satisfaction. In addition, the company has established its offshore client business headquarters in Hong Kong, China, Macao, China, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, China, Thailand, China.
In France, Canada, Japan, etc., marketing services have been set up to expand high- and medium-end operations abroad.
Issues such as stress. Deployment on the cloud side can effectively reduce the cost of businessit, increase the flexibility and outreach of the system, and help various departments and teams within the enterprise to share data and achieve immediate updates and real-time synergies, thereby improving the efficiency of their work. For the erp vendor, by promoting cloudization, platforming, erp system
A combination of systems such as hr\scm\crm\bi and a combination of back-office management and forward operations can lead to a double increase in the number and value of households.
In 2016, the company launched a strategy of 3.0 with friends to start the transition to comprehensive cloud services. Between 2017 and 2019, the company undertook a comprehensive process of collating and integrating cloud platforms, domain and industry clouds, and launched a series of cloud service products: face-to-face, a digital platform nccloud for large-scale enterprises, and a company called Yun8clud for medium-sized and large- and medium-sized enterprises.
u9clud and yonsuite, offering products such as t+cloud to micro-enterprises.
Public organizations provide financial, human, synergistic, marketing, procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, finance, platform services, etc., in a wide range of enterprise applications, and they have deposited leading business and management practices in nearly 100 industries. In addition, bip 3 integrates the first large business service model of industry, Yongptt, to support business operations that are intelligent and naturalized by businesses.
In 23 years, Yonbip signed a contract amount of 36.100 million yuan, with a renewal rate of 92.9 per cent for core products. In terms of channel layout, companies focus more on cloud ecology.
In bringing together more industries, channels, and developing eco-partners, companies have mature platform technology and distribution networks that cover the entire country, while the Isv partners have the ability to work with their final customers in hundreds of walks of business, with solutions in the area of segmentation, and they can work together to achieve complementarities and reach a wider market space.
By the first quarter of 2024, more than 4,000 value-added distribution partners, 3,567 ISV partners, institutions and institutions had collaborated in the development of intellectual education. The company plans to build a scale-up, globalized ecology by 2024-2026.
By 2027-2030, a remarkable ecology with 100,000 partners was built. With a rich and mature product matrix and scalable channel layout, the company’s multiple market segments in the area of corporate services remained first.
The market for apaas, the market for China's saas, the market for China's enterprises, the market for China's mega- and large-scale enterprises, the market for more services, the market for saas, the market for China's erp cloud, the market for China's financial cloud, and the market for China's manpower (hrm) cloud.
In retrospect of the company ' s evolution, we can see that after the erp product matrix was largely formed, the company experienced a combination of 2006-2011. In terms of product dimensions, the company ' s software and cloud service products will be repeated several times after their first roll-out. In general, version 3.0 has been market certified and version 5.0 is fully functional and can provide a strong support for growth in revenue collection.
For example, in 2006, companies launched nc5.0 for large firms: u95.0 in 2015 and clud in 2017-2018, based on old nc\u8 mature products, all contributed to a rapid increase in corporate income. In addition, intergenerational upgrading of products also requires a combination of organization and channels.
The company is now at a critical time point for the completion of a new generation of bip products and the full start of business organizational change, or will start the next growth cycle.
A step-by-step upgrade has been made to optimize tools such as configuration migration, replacement cleaning, data object migration, environmental transport, etc. to effectively enhance product delivery capacity. Alumni bip has signed up to 38 companies in the first tier since its release. In addition, products such as u8cloud\yonsuite for medium-sized enterprises have also been introduced in 24 years, with the company ' s core products being 5.0.
Organizational change: For large enterprises with large organizational size and complex business landscapes, whether front-end business systems or back-office functional management systems, the capabilities required for a number of intellectual transformations are more specialized and have very strong industry attributes. Companies have accumulated a wealth of industries in their efforts to help large enterprises to achieve a number of intellectual transformations.
In 2023, the company launched an upgrade of the business organization model, which upgraded the operations of large-scale business clients from a regional model to an industry-based model. Specifically, companies form national capital regulation and investment, discrete manufacturing, and dissipation.
The Department of Clients and Solutions in a number of industries, such as Expensive Goods, Process Manufacturing, Equipment Manufacturing, Steel Metallurgical, Industrial Industries and Paper Building, Medicine, Construction, Transport and Logistics provides systems and services for deepening the application of industries such as finance, supply chains, human resources, projects, assets, helping enterprises to achieve business synergies, and business and management innovations for the integration of BFPs.
Client operations of medium-sized enterprises continue to follow regional but nationally integrated vertical organization. 1.3 Income ends are now warming, profit ends are expected to achieve a higher degree of flexibility. Corporate cloud services operations are receiving and contracting amounts are warming, organizational change and product maturity are driving growth.
On the revenue side, companies have been actively shrinking their software operations since 2021, accelerating their strategy to transform cloud services, whose share of revenue has been rising. In 2023, cloud services received $7.09 billion, or 66.7 per cent of the revenue from cloud services, compared to growth, and changes in business have had a greater impact on corporate revenue.
The revenue impact is gradually becoming apparent, with revenue from clients of large enterprises growing by 12.4 per cent in the second half of the year, and cloud operations generating $1.26 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 32.5 per cent in the same year. Of this, large corporate cloud services generated revenues of $790 million, an increase of 38.9 per cent in the same year.
In 2023, the amount contracted for the company’s cloud services contracts increased by 65.6% on a year-on-year basis, and the company’s income structure improved further. When a new generation of products matures, the company’s input will become conservative, and costs are expected to be better controlled.
In 2021 and 2022, in order to seize strategic opportunities for intellectualization, nationalization and globalization of businesses, companies increased their strategic inputs, resulting in a net increase of 7,301 employees. With new generation products such as bip3, companies began to add 1,896 in 2022, resulting in higher costs on a par.
2. The combination of nationalization and digital intelligence brings with it medium- and long-term development opportunities. 2.1 mature products + innovation ecology that meet the value-added national production replacement needs of users. As the external environment evolves, the importance of autonomous and manageable technologies becomes increasingly important, and the buffer period for national production substitution is shrinking.
At present, the State has issued a number of clear-cut letter-making nodes: in September 2022, the National Finance Committee (NAC) explicitly requested in its letter No. 79 that a credible replacement of the information-based systems of all central enterprises be achieved by the end of the year. In February 2023, the Central and State Council of China issued the " Plan for the Construction of a Digital China " , which emphasizes the strengthening of digital technology innovation systems and digital security.
In mid-April 2023, the China-China Information Technology Applications and Innovation Promotion Centre Ltd., a subsidiary of the National Finance Committee, became operational in order to further guarantee the smooth operation of the industry’s trust system, which is represented by China’s company. The difficulty of replacing national production by different systems within an enterprise varies, from managing a coordinated system to a production operating system, among others.
As systems like erp are closely linked to the core processes of enterprise production and operation, their innovation is not simply a domestic software replacement, but requires further consideration of technological upgrading, intelligent applications, and linkages to infrastructure, thus achieving real value.
Figure 16: Valued national production replacements for production operations such as erp. Companies are industry leaders in terms of technical maturity of their products, a large-scale model empowerment, and credit-for-ecological construction. Downstream firms are home-grown, intelligence-building continues, and are expected to provide medium- and long-term drivers of corporate growth at the demand-side.
BIP3 is leading the industry: the company has been developing a friend bip since 2016. A joint letter-making solution has been built for 14 broad and 68 industry-specific sectors, providing 564 innovative services covering 10 core areas of finance, manpower, and supply chains. Bip ' s paas support platform juap initiative yms
The central cloud technology, the continuous system of delivery under the clouds, self-researching multi-dimensional databases based on memory computing techniques (one memory) to achieve hundreds of billions of levels of data, 10,000 levels of simultaneous retrieval, milliseconds of response.
In July 2023, a friend released “The first business service in the industry” in the direction of intelligent business operations, natural human interaction, intellectual knowledge generation, semantic adaptation. Using the big company service model yongpt to promote model training and product excellence around these four directions.
Innovative applications have been developed, including business insight, smart order generation, supplier wind control, dynamic stock optimization, smart talent discovery, smart recruitment, smart budget analysis, smart business travel control, etc.
There are many countries in China, China, Xu Industries, China Minerals, Far East Dzongji, etc., that have chosen to use yongpt. Chart 18: yongpt provides full-scale capacity.
Figure 19: yongpt+bip to build a full-scale smart service. Creatures are perfect to meet the diverse needs of business users: a friend, bip, is fully equipped with China ' s electronic pks, China ' s electricity department, China ' s China Academy of Science and China ' s Chinese technology system, and has been implemented from servers, chips, storage, operating systems, etc.
Databases, corporate cloud services, and full coverage of top-level applications. Friends bip adheres to the cloud neutrality principle and operates different cloud computing platforms, such as Ali Clouds, Sky-wing Clouds, China Clouds, Tanya Clouds, and Enterprise-built idcs.
The joint solution, which completed 543 IT-adaptation projects, obtained 418 certificates. On April 19, 2023, the company's combinary software, the Dharma database, the Flying Information, Sealight Information, Chianshin, and the Harmonisation software, together set up a “Creative Lead Practice Alliance” to create a joint IT-initiative solution.
The company provides a solution based on bip that combines “digital intelligence with trust creation” and develops a “one-size-fits-all” national alternative path, which, while satisfying the value of national production, ensures a smooth transition of systems. The company now serves the nuclear group, the Chinese electronics, the saddle steel group, the National Investment Group, South Air, the National Control Network, the Grand Tang Power Dealer, the China Five Bureau, the China-China Group, and the Chinese-China-China-China Group.
China’s China Centralization, China’s Food Group, and many other central enterprises.
The market size of our erp software is expected to increase at a higher rate, driven by the dual nationalization and intellectualization of the enterprise management system. According to the Institute of Intellectual Research, Consulting and Foresight Industry, the market size of our erp is estimated to be $40.9 billion in 2022, and the system’s cloud +ai endowment will open up further.
The erp has become a consensus in the industry. Cloudized erp can be integrated with other management applications of the enterprise, and the product boundary can be expanded. According to Sullivan, the market size of our business management application was 18.4% cagr in 2022-2027, and the erp manufacturer is expected to achieve a higher rate of growth by expanding the scope of its operations.
Further opening up the market space for business services. By integrating technologies such as machine learning, natural language processing, computer visualization, scavenging for more services, knowledge mapping, smart process automation (ipa) into existing products, firms can be helped to improve their operational effectiveness.
Within the business services market, where growth is maintained, the share of the market held by overseas producers is expected to be released to domestic producers, while domestic firms with large project experience and high product maturity are expected to achieve a higher market share.
For large and medium-sized enterprises, there is still much room for a replacement of the erp state. At present, 70% of the market is for domestic manufacturers in our erp market: but for large and medium-sized enterprises, overseas firms with a pre-eminence and branding effect still have a higher market share.
The market share of the oracle is 33% and 20%, respectively, higher than that of the appliancers. The market share of overseas producers is expected to be released with the credit creation policy promoting the technological maturity of domestic products. In 2023, the sap generated 1.3100 billion euros in the Chinese market, based on which it is calculated to replace national production around the market for erp-represented enterprise software and cloud services.
Corporate customers are better structured, and their share of the market is expected to rise. Large clients, represented by the United States, have the rigid need for innovation and intellectual transformation, and are more willing and pro-paying to adapt information systems such as erp.
In 2023, the company’s largest customer, cloud service, received $4.73 billion. Goldfly International’s market share in erp2 was directed towards large customers.
Gold Fluttershyon's contribution to a total of 980 million yuan is still somewhat different from that of the company. With the industry experience of its co-operative clients, the company is expected to replace overseas producers in the field of high-end enterprise service systems, achieve market share, and enable middle-income firms to go out and build a global growth curve.
In recent years, the need for China’s enterprises to promote internationalization has become increasingly evident, owing to the growth of domestic economies, the competitiveness of firms, and the acceleration of international geo-competitiveness. China’s outward investment and cross-border trade are growing in heat.
In 2023, the total overseas earnings of Chinaa-listed enterprises amounted to RMB 8.5 trillion, an increase in comparison with the previous industry distribution, and China’s primary contribution from low-value-added industries has gradually expanded from formerly low-value-added industries to higher-value-added industries such as cultural entertainment, new charges, e-commerce, information technology, health care and advanced manufacturing.
The health-care sector ranks first in the number of offshore enterprises by 29.5 per cent: information technology and advanced manufacturing are more powerful in listed companies, with a combined share of more than 50 per cent.
The company is expected to accompany China’s firms to the sea and embrace a wider market space. The company was established in Hong Kong, China, in 2003.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs headquarters completed its overseas operations in 2011 in Hong Kong, China, Australia, South-East Asia, and the emea (Europe, Middle East, and Africa). In May 2023, the company launched a Globalizing 2.0 strategy launch to expand markets in Europe, North America, Japan, and the Middle East, while deepening the South-East Asian market, and plans to cover 100+ countries over a period of three years.
Companies are well organized in terms of product layout, service delivery, local compliance, etc. The number of erp clients abroad and the size of their receipts are among the highest in the country ' s industry. The collection of cagr from offshore operations amounted to 19.9% in 2017-2023, which is higher than the product, and the company ' s products currently support English, French, German, Spanish, Indonesian, Thai, Vietnamese.
Companies also provide country-specific product packages to match localized products, such as wht treatment, vat deferred depreciation, local tax forms, insurance area forms, bank notes, etc. for fiscal systems, manpower policies, etc. in different countries. These country-specific product-packing firms can be ready to open and support operations quickly in each country.
On the delivery side, the company has opened 12 branches globally, enabling projects to support the spread of radiation to 100+ countries and regions around the world, responding in real time to client needs. On the compliance side, the company has now passed dozens of international security certifications to ensure the credibility of business data.
For its part, the company is well known for its activities, including Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Businesses build overseas applications for aami, aecom, uaf, bnpp Hong Kong, Xiaosheng, Hengji, New World, Macao Power, Macao Water, Sindhi Group, Youngley, Hua Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinwei, Lataka, sk jewellery, kemple, chs, mcc, raffles, elken, inti, evergreen, hrc, etc.
Local enterprise development erp systems. 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals Large business clients: companies launched business organization upgrades in 2023 to locate large business clients
The company’s ability to deliver and pay the bip3r5 product was further enhanced at the beginning of the month of the 24th year. The company’s income from large clients was noticeably warming, while income from the second half of the 23rd year was replaced by all information system innovations in 2027, adding up the intellectual transformation needs of companies from large firms.
The income of clients is expected to grow steadily. In 2024, we expect the income of clients from large enterprises to increase at a rate of medium-sized enterprise clients: the company ' s main product for medium-sized customers is now yonsuite, which was upgraded to the r5 version in early 2024; u9clud deep integration plm, smart factory, yonbip cloud services and data services, hit
u8cloud promotes research and development in a number of areas, such as group control, financial management, business synergy, digital innovation, and information security, to meet the business expansion needs of medium-sized enterprises. In addition, u8cloud products are expected to be fully marketed on a subscription basis in 2024 and may be sold on the original software.
Revenues from medium-sized enterprises increased in 2021-2023, respectively, at a rate of interest for small and medium-sized enterprises: the company's business with small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) was largely carried out by a controlling subsidiary, which concentrated on the two main areas of smart finance and smart business.
There are 35,000 business users, 43 per cent more than in the same period the previous year, and 668,000 cumulative pay-as-you-go users, which provide a strong guarantee for income growth. In addition, the smooth and easy access to i-technology for the release of smart interactive robotics and small helpers, combined with the development of a number of technologies such as low/zero-code platforms, i-data services, can satisfy the industrialization of micro-enterprises,
Individualized demand. Corporate income from micro-enterprise clients increased in 2021-2023 at a rate of 44.6 per cent over the same period, respectively, for government and other public organizations: revenue from government and other public organization clients in 2021-2023.
The year will see the completion of the yongpt model development, the maturity of the core products, and subsequent R & D inputs will remain relatively stable, taking into account the impact of capitalization of R & D inputs, and we expect R & D rates for 2024-2026 to be based on a market sales rate method for companies that will be selected for comparable companies in the erp industry, Golden Fluttershysics International, P.U.S., Treasure Letter.
The company's software operations and cloud operations downstream are mainly domestic enterprises whose operations are related to macroeconomic indicators and, subject to external macroeconomic downs, may affect the need of firms for informationization.
If erp competes more with the cloud services market, it may lead to some potential customers turning to competitors, and some of the past customers changing cloud service providers. Large firms are the company’s dominant client group, and if follow-up innovation and digital intelligence policies fail to advance as expected, they will affect downstream.
Clients are motivated, which may result in less than expected growth in corporate income.