Reverse changer business growth is higher than expected, while raw material pressure Māori continues to rise Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Reverser business revenue growth is higher than expected and raw materials pressure Māori still rises
In the first half of the year, corporate reversible and storage energy reversible revenues totalled $379 million, compared with the same increase in prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, the volume of variable exports increased by 49 per cent over the same period, the company grew at a much faster rate than the industry, and the city's share rose further.
During the same period of the year, the supply of raw materials for inverters became scarce, leading to higher prices and inadequate supplies. Companies continued to grow their revenues significantly over the same period, and the Māori rate increased.
During the second half of the year, the company's reversible business was expected to grow in comparison to the boom, the second half of the year was a traditional boom in the photovoltaic industry, especially in the four quarters, where the industry was expected to remain high in the second half of the year, and the company's revariant exports were expected to increase in the second half of the year.
The annual growth in the volume of corporate reversible goods and the increase in the Māori rate are expected to maintain a high rate of growth throughout the year. Based on the continued growth in exports from the Reversible Industry and rising corporate-market rates, we expect that companies’ photovoltaic demand will fall short of expectations, Māori rates will fall short of expectations, large-client risks, and the risk of the epidemic will increase.
New Energy in Huaann _ Corporate Depth _ German Holdings: Low Voltage Reverser New Star, Photovoltaic + Storage Capable in the Future 2021-6-15
In the second half of the year, it was recommended that attention be paid to the benefits of policies.
New energy vehicles and traditional vehicles: Contact: Beyda, Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.