In 2018, the company achieved a total operating income of $23,102 million, an increase of 2.43 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
The net return to the mother was 1,064 million yuan, representing an increase of 10.82 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the average gain per share was 0.47. Focused on the development of the main aviation engine industry, optimizing the business structure and improving its efficiency.
Billion dollars and $178 million, of which the rate of foreign trade turn-over production was low, at 8.34 per cent; and air engines, which showed that the company was full of business and was expanding production on a continuous basis. Finally, the company focused on the main air engine industry, removing inefficient assets, optimizing management and improving financial structures, as evidenced by the company’s financial costs and management.
Costs decreased by 42.88 per cent and 8.14 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, with the accelerated installation of aviation equipment and the full benefit of the engine control system.
The only supplier of motors has a monopoly competitive advantage. As industry leaders, companies are benefiting from the national policy dividend and the gradual landing of the "two machines" and are moving towards higher levels of technology and catch-up for aviation launches, and are trying to replace imports with national production. In addition, the country has a large number of advanced military aircraft.
In order to better safeguard the need for combat operations, the company will continue to focus on the main business, promote structural optimization, improve productivity and efficiency, and the future of the company will be promising.
1) Corporate earnings are below expectations; 2) aviation engine demand is below expectations; 3) systemic risks. Figure 1: Companies report annual operating income (millions of dollars) and increase (%): Companies report annual net returns to their mothers (billions) and increase (%)
Figure 3: Companies ' annual reporting of three fees (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Engines and derivatives (billions) and Māori rate (%)