Three quarters outperformed expectations, and the advantage of low-cost aviation operations highlighted the fact that spring and fall air disclosed three quarters of 2023, billions of dollars, an increase of 113.5 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 2.68 billion yuan in the return to the mother, and a loss in the same year.
In the third quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $6.07 billion, a net return of $1.84 billion to the mother, rising in real terms, and a significant increase in revenue.
Over the same period of the year, 118.9%, 118.7%, and the guest rate reached 91.80%, an increase of 13.88 pct compared to 19 years, representing only a decrease of 0.15 pct. In terms of freight prices, there has been a significant increase in income as a result of the industry’s three-quarter boom.
• Cost savings, higher than expected, and lower prices for the three-quarter cruise, but the company's business has increased significantly, the company's output has increased slightly, the non-oil costs have performed very well, and we measure the non-oil unit ask for the three-quarters.
At the cost end, the company continues to control costs, adding up gains and losses to the exchange rate, with the company selling, managing, R & D, and financial cost rates of 6.58% in the third quarter of the year, with a lower tax rate than expected in the market and a better performance rate.
The performance of the Shanghai Spring and Fall International Travel Agency in the third quarter of the spring and fall of the year has released once again evidence of low-cost aviation elasticity and elasticity.
The macroeconomic downturn, the recovery in civil aviation demand were not as good as expected, the price of oil continued to be high, the exchange rate was downgraded by the third quarter of 2023, the third quarter of 2023, and the first three quarters, when companies achieved business income of $14.10 billion, an increase of 113.5 per cent.
The net profit from the return to the mother is 2.68 billion yuan, with the company earning $6.07 billion in the third quarter, and the net profit from the return to the mother is $1.84 billion, with the same loss.
Civil aviation companies performed significantly better than industry averages in the three quarters, with a significant increase in capacity and volume on a par, of which ask grew by 41.6 per cent over the same period and rpk by 66.9 per cent over the same period in 19 years, with a occupancy rate of 91.80 per cent.
Strong, with a marked increase in the unit unit prices of the company and a significant increase in income. Figure 5: Spring and fall air quarterly occupancy and change in comparison. Figure 6: Spring and autumn aviation quarterly unit rpk operating income
3 Cost savings, higher than expected, with lower prices for the three quarters of the year, but a significant increase in the company ' s business volume, a small increase in the company ' s cost of the oil, and an excellent non-oil scale, which we calculate to be less than the same period in 2019 for the three quarters of the company ' s ask unit. At the cost end, the company continues to be stringent.
Controlling costs, superimposition of exchange gains and losses, has improved significantly, with companies selling, managing, R & D, financial cost rates of 1.02 per cent, 1.04 per cent, 0.60 per cent, 1.15 per cent and 0.64 pc, 0.61 pc, 0.49 pct, 4.69 pct, respectively, falling by 0.64 pc, 0.61 pct, and 4.69 pct, respectively, in three quarters.
Figure 7: Quarterly costs and rate of increase for spring and fall aviation
Three quarters of the spring and autumn aviation performance released a significant release of operational resilience and elasticity in low-cost aviation, followed by annual corporate revenues of $18.07 billion, $22.36 billion, $25.21 billion, an increase of 115.9 per cent, 23.7 per cent, macroeconomic downturns, less than expected recovery in civil aviation demand, continued high oil prices, devaluation of exchange rates, and security incidents.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.