Income continues to rise, and emerging markets accelerate their expansion — Stone Technology (688169.sh) incident assessment report, 30 October 2025, with stone technology issuing three-quarterly reports for 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn harvests continue with a high increase in self-supporting profits.
Remedial strategies to smooth off the impact of the national retrenchment slope, resulting from an increase in sales of low Maori landwasher products; and sales/management/research and development costs, respectively, as a result of increased availability as a result of the expansion and structural adjustment of channels.
By product, the same 40 per cent increase in revenues from land sweeps by the company 2025q3, the introduction of the g30 series with full price coverage, and continued to raise the share of the high-end market, both within and outside the country.
Il, the product matrix is further enriched; the landwasher business has been active since 2024, with a30pro and a30prosteam carrying steam functions, quickly winning consumer mind and leading the business; in addition, the company has introduced a new smart lawn mower.
After the exhibition’s opening, a great deal of attention has been gained, and the future focus on expanding European markets is expected to bring new growth dynamics to companies. Existing markets have consolidated their strengths, and emerging markets have accelerated their expansion.
According to the sub-markets, the domestic market revenue of 202503 companies doubled, with a double 11 red: overseas market revenue increased by about 50 per cent, the company had an advantage in Northern Europe, Asia and the Pacific, the market continued to be a leader, and the cities of southwest Europe, France, Italy, and so forth, gained Ming.
In the Asia-Pacific region, such as Japan and Thailand, where the share of cities in Asia and the Pacific has surpassed 20% for the first time, the share of North America’s markets has been re-innovated by policies. As product R&D innovations and overseas markets expand, companies are expected to continue their growth performance in the future.
The company is the leading company in China for smart cleaning equipment, with a share in the market for land sweepers, running fast, washing machines speeding up the city, cutting all new to the lawn mower's high-situation track, and the future performance is expected to continue to improve. According to the 3-quarters report in 2025, we expect to continue to improve.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the beverage plate, study in depth the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, stock fundamentals, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, mastering short- and medium-term potential shares, and working hard to think about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Sou wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.