CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Yili (600887 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Four measures to offset raw milk pressure
Target Price
RMB45.90
(Previous TP
RMB45.90)
Up/Downside
+16%
3Q20 NP +24% YoY to RMB2,289mn, 9% above consensus due to
Current Price
RMB39.73
RMB94mn/82mn YoY increase of fair value gain/other income. The 10% share
China F&B Sector
results release. Share price jumped 9% from 23 to 29 Oct (vs MN's 1% drop). We
think Yili will implement four measures to offset raw milk pressure, and therefore
Albert Yip
we kept FY21/22E NP estimates unchanged. We expect Yili would continue to
benefit from industry consolidation. Maintain Buy.
■ 3Q20 NP beat but GPM missed. Revenue rose 11% YoY in 3Q20, which is
in line with consensus and our expectation, led by 19%/10%/1% growth of
Stock Data
milk powder/liquid milk/ice-cream segments. GPM fell 1.3ppt to 34.7%
because of 6-7% raw milk price growth (RMB4.5kg in 3Q20 vs China Modern
Dairy's ASP ~RMB4.2/kg) and dilution by Westland. That said, selling
expenses ratio fell 1.4ppt to 20.5%, offsetting the impact of GPM decline.
■ Four measures to offset raw milk pressure. Management expects raw milk
price to grow by high single-digit in 2H20E and increase further in FY21E. (1)
Shareholding Structure
Reduce discount promotion: Our sources of channel check found retail
prices of Satine rose to RMB65 in second half of Oct (highest level since Feb)
and so did MN's Milk Deluxe (Figure 4 & 5). Management expects the sector
Share Performance
would be more disciplined in promotions. (2) Control raw milk source: Yili
became the largest shareholder of Zhongdi (1492 HK) in Sep and its associate
company, Youran, bought two farms from Fonterra China in Oct. (3) Product
innovation: For example, Ambrosial launched a high-end 5G protein in Aug
Source: Bloomberg
and Satine will launch a high-end 4.0g UHT milk in 1Q21. The retail price/gram
of 5G protein is more than double of Ambrosial original favour (Figure 6 & 7). (4)
12-mth Price Performance
Improve efficiency of selling expenses: Selling expenses ratio fell 0.9ppt to
22.7% in 9M20 through more precise marketing such as online advertising. It's
12.3% A&P exp. ratio in FY19 was higher than many major consumer names
(Figure 9). As dairy sector leader, we think Yili has room to improve efficiency.
Management expects slight drop of selling expenses ratio in FY21E.
To become global top three dairy company in 2025. The Company targets
to become global top 3 dairy players in 2025 and the largest player in 2030.
In the 14th five year period, Yili will strengthen its leadership and growth in
dairy sector, while sales contribution by non-dairy products and overseas
Source: Bloomberg
market will not be significant. At a 10% sales CAGR in 2019-25, we believe
Auditor: Da Hua
Yili could reach top 3 in 2025 (Figure 8).
Maintain Buy. We lifted FY20E NP by 4% to reflect strong 3Q20 results and
Related reports
maintain our NP estimates in FY21/22E. Our TP is kept at RMB45.90. still
"Yili - 2Q20 strongly beat; TP lifted
based on 32x FY21E P/E. Catalysts: better-than-expected revenue and
"Yili - Expect full recovery of sales
margins. Risks: Raw milk cost pressure, food safety issues.
Earnings Summary
"China Dairy Sector - Multiple
growth drivers ahead; sector
consolidation to continue" - 19 Nov
Figure 2: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS
Source: CMBIS
Source: CMBIS
Source: CMBIS
Source: Rabobank, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Nielsen
Source: CMBIS estimates, Bloomberg, Company data
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.