Full implementation of the cloud change, with the cloud business income target of 100 billion in 2023 reaching 68.5 per cent, becoming the main driver of growth in mobile communications services, with income from mobile communications services rising by 191 billion yuan, or 3.7 per cent, compared with 3.7 per cent, and income from intelligent households growing by 21 per cent compared to 21 per cent in the same year, becoming a growth in fixed income (as compared with the previous year)
The industry’s digital services growth contributed 4.7 pct (services growth 8 pct), accounting for 27 per cent of general service earnings in 22 years; the same-year growth in sky-wing clouds was 108 per cent, and the city’s share continued to rise to the top three, with a share of 11.6 per cent for Idc as of 22q3, and a share of 10 per cent for Iaas+paas.
The company ' s idc hangars have reached 513,000 units, with an accelerator capacity of 3.8 eflops, an 81% increase over the same year. Cost end: sustained increase in R & D inputs, with 22 years of capital spending meeting expectations.
In 23 years, industrial digital investments have been increased to boost the growth dynamics of the cloud, the ai, and the security sectors. In 32 years, companies plan to increase industrial digitized investments by 40 to 38 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis.
In 23 years, the company has planned to generate more than $100 billion in revenues from cloud operations, and has worked with China's electronics, Chinese electronics, China's Tung-tung and China's new Chinese companies to build the first state-owned regulatory cloud service, China Telecom (601728.sh) - a robust growth in mobile and grid-stretch operations and a turn-over in cloud operations.
Telecommunications in China (601728.sh) - Quarterly income profits double-digit growth, industries billions of yuan (up to 6.2.eflops), construction of an integrated arithmetic medium, covering over 10 million 2c/2h/2b clients, Telecommunications in China (601728.sh) - steady growth in mobile operations, industrial digitization for development
China Telecom-601728-2021 Quarterly Performance Rating: Double Numbers of Income and Profit In 22 years, the company’s performance statement will indicate a 23-year target increase in profits in double digits.
Investment proposals: companies fully implement cloud conversion strategies and there is wide scope for industrial digital development. Sustained profit increases of 27.6 billion yuan, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the same period. If the 21-year sales of subsidiaries are excluded, comparable net profits are equal to figure 2: China ' s single-season revenues and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 3: China ' s net profit and increase in telecommunications (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: China ' s single-season net profit and increase in telecommunications (in billions, per cent) Figure 5: China ' s Māori rate and net interest rate in telecommunications (in millions, per cent)
Figure 6: China Telecommunications Roe (Unit: %) Income-end base business versus industry digital business two-wheel drive: base business has steadily developed, with 4% growth over the same year. 5g user penetration has increased by 18.1 pct over the same year.
68.5 per cent became the main driver of growth in mobile communications services, with revenues from mobile communications services of $191 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent compared to 3.7 per cent compared to the corresponding increase of 21 per cent for intelligent households, and a major driver of growth in fixed income (a growth of 4.4 per cent compared with the previous year).
The industry’s digital business grew rapidly, with 19.7 per cent growth compared to the previous year, contributing 4.7 pct, which accounted for 27 per cent of general service earnings in 22 years; the sky-wing cloud business grew by 108 per cent in the same year, and the city’s share continued to rise to the top three levels, with the Idc of 22q3, the share of Iaas at 11.6 per cent, and the share of Iaas+paas at 11.6 per cent.
10% share. The company ' s idc racks have reached 5.13 million units, with an arithmetic capacity of 3.8 eflops, up from the previous year. Figure 8: China ' s telecommunications industry ' s digitized business growth (in millions of yuan, per cent) Figure 9: China ' s telecommunications cloud business development (in millions, per cent)
Twenty-three years to increase industrial digitized investment to boost growth in cloud, ai, and security. Thirty-two years, companies plan to increase industry digitized investment by 40 to 38 billion yuan on the same basis. Companies are actively building a platform for industrial digitized services that is deeply integrated by cloud network capabilities plus industries that use platforms to provide a holistic solution to digitalization for thousands of industries.
In 23 years, the company planned to generate more than 100 billion yuan in cloud operations, and has worked with China Electronics, China Electrics, China Chuan-Tung-Tung and China's new companies to build the first national treasury-supervised cloud service, and Sky-wing Clouds entered the full-scale market phase of 4.0. In 23 years, the company invested 19.5 billion yuan (up to 6.2 eflups) in planning calculations.
Increased investment in industry digitally.
In 22 years, the company’s performance statement would indicate a double-digit increase in the target profit for 23 years. Investment proposals: companies fully implement the cloud conversion strategy, and there is wide scope for industrial digital development.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author