The first quarter of 2024 was published by the company: first quarter of 2024.
Current operating income of $1.605 billion, an increase of 31.23 per cent over the same year; net return profit of zhanglu2@cfsc.com.cn q1 camp, a marked increase in the recovery of corrosion equipment
In the first quarter of 2024, the company earned $1.605 billion, an increase of 31.23 per cent. The company’s corrosion equipment continues to be recognized by a larger number of customers, both inside and outside the country, and is targeted at the high end of critical etching processes in advanced logic and storage.
In addition to corrosion equipment, the company's mocvd equipment is already green in the country.
(b) Spare parts and services earned approximately $232 million, owing to lower semiconductor customers.
The impact of fluctuations in the utilization rate of production capacity decreased by approximately 4.38 per cent over the same period. The change in the fair value of equity investments held by companies in the first quarter and the change in government subsidy earnings resulted in a decrease of about $61 million in non-recurrent gains and losses over the same period.
The company's main product, plasma etching equipment, is the most critical micro-processing equipment in addition to the light-engineer, the most staged and the most difficult to develop in the process.
The performance has improved significantly, with the etching +mocvd double-wheel drive. Benefiting from the company's complete single- and double-stage etching device layout, core technology 2, China Micro Corporation (688012): etching
In case of continuous breakthroughs, rapid product upgrades, high penetration of etching applications, and in case of continuous breakthroughs, company ccp and icp corrosion devices are all home-based primary client chip-breeders in 2023.
The company has increased its market share by 2023-04-24, based on technological developments and customer demand.
Power into the development and certification of critical etching equipment in advanced chip manufacturing technology, increasing billings, mocvd equipment entering harvest, ccp corrosive electrodes are in progress.
Period 2022-10-28: On-site verification by the leading home-grown logical chip manufacturing customer, autonomous development of the most critical high-threshold-wide etching process in the manufacture of dram and 3dnand devices
Plumud-rie, with a high power of 400khz blizzard radio frequency, has proven its ability to carve 60:1 deep-wide structures at the production line. Bevel etching equipment on the edge of the crystal circle is being developed and will be ready for client validation, company Tsv
Silicon puncture etching equipment is also increasingly being used in advanced envelopes and mems devices Reciprocal orders for membrane sedimentation equipment and ongoing research and development projects The company has now entered the market with a large number of membrane sedimentation equipment products.
Four new film deposition products have been developed. The company’s first cvd tungsten equipment was delivered to the key storage client validation assessment, which met the performance indicators of the metal interconnection tungsten process and obtained the customer’s repeated volume orders.
The tungsten series of tungsten-film sediment products covers all tungsten applications of storage devices and has completed multiple logic and storage customer validation of cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment and obtained client orders.
Nitrogenated titanium equipment is also advancing steadily, and laboratory tests show that the equipment has a world leader in both its thin membrane and its output. Based on the development of existing metal cvd and ald equipment, the company has planned a multi-payment of cvd and ald.
Preparation, increased coverage of membrane equipment, and further market expansion: 40,21.8, 24.4 times, respectively, with a significant increase in corporate capture of etching equipment over the past quarter, successful certification, a significant increase in city occupancy, and the acquisition of membrane sedimentation equipment
Repeated orders, with continued demand for semiconductor equipment, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. There is a risk that downstream demand will fall short of expectations.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.