Chu Ji-shang, the big fund, the 50-indicator component, the short-term multiple benefits, the Chinese semiconductor fund, the sum of the first two, and we expect the base.
Kim III will invest in high-end products, equipment, and materials in the semiconductor sector to further enhance the voice of China’s indigenous semiconductor industry. As a leading domestic semiconductor etching plant, the company has recently expanded its membrane sediment equipment product (12 inches higher than tungsten metal, 12 inches atomic layer).
tungsten metal deposition equipment, whose further competitiveness in the field of high-end semiconductor equipment will also benefit from industrial opportunities arising from direct or brief investment by large funds. Meanwhile, the index adjustment of June 14, when companies are about to incorporate components, will further boost stock prices in the short term.
Short-term multiple benefits are catalytic: on 24 May, three issues of the National Large Fund were inaugurated, with a registered capital of 344 billion yuan, slightly higher than the sum of the first and second tranches. In terms of investment directions, we expect that the Great Fund will focus further on high-end products, equipment, materials in the semiconductor field.
The company, as the lead domestic corrosion device, is actively expanding the product line (recently introducing the 12-inch-high-wide metal tungsten deposition device preformauniflexhw, 12-inch atomic layer metal)
tungsten deposition equipment preformauniflexaw, which can provide high performance solutions for a variety of super-high-deep-wide, complex structures, metal tungsten fillings), companies moving from corrosion equipment to thin-film preparation areas where the prototype of their high-end semiconductor equipment manufacturing platform will benefit fully from the large fund.
In addition, on June 14, an index of 50 was adjusted to include the company, which in the short term will provide a further boost to stock prices. 1q24 was a new high in the history of 1.q24, which generated $1.61 billion in revenues and y0y growth over the same period.
31.2 per cent, up from the same period in history; net profit of $250 million, while yoy fell by 9.5 per cent, net institutional investor as a share of liquidity a 15 to 2.6 dollars, perso.4 dollars.
The increase in R & D intensity led to a decline in the company’s current net profits on a year-on-year basis, but the firm’s main business trend remained the same. 1q24 achieved a gain of $1.34 billion in corrosion equipment, an increase of about 64% over the same period the previous year, etching projections: the company’s active deployment of sedimentation equipment is expected to generate new performance growth points in the future.
At the same time, the company Nanchang, the Hong Kong production base, has been put into operation to provide China-China technology decoupling for subsequent performance growth, which has affected the demand for semiconductor equipment.