The recovery of corrosion equipment increased by 64 per cent in the same year, strengthening the R & D propulsion platform. Shinko semiconductor, 1024, increased by 31 per cent in the same year, with a decrease in non-economic gains and a slight decrease in the net return profit due to higher costs.
The 1024 company realized operating income of $1.605 billion (yoy+31.2 per cent, qoq-27.8 per cent), resulting from: 1) 1q24 non-recurring gains and losses due to the 64 per cent increase in sales of corrosion equipment as compared to the fair value of equity investments held by the company, and the increase in inventory and contractual liabilities showed that the purchase orders were full.
(b) Significant growth in the production and delivery of corrosion equipment, with companies receiving more payments resulting in residual contractual liabilities as a result of fluctuations in the market of the led terminal (1q23:66.6 per cent);
In 2023, the company ' s ccp and icp etching equipment increased significantly on the country ' s main customer chip production line, targeting 28 mm.
The following ccp etching machines for the Damascus process have entered the lead domestic customers for on-site verification, were super-high, the deep-wide corrosion machines were certified in advanced storage plants, and the tsv etchings were increasingly used in advanced encapsulation and mems device production. Four lpcvd and ald devices have entered the market, three of which have been acquired.
Client certification, and the start of obtaining duplicate orders, will allow more than a dozen other membrane sedimentation devices to enter the market. Many new products, such as new development and silicon and silicon extension epi equipment, silicon pi outreach equipment and crystal edge bevel etching equipment, will also be put into the market in the near future.
Investment Recommendations: The domestic company for semiconductor advanced process equipment maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Sino-micro Corporation (688012.sh) - Deduction of non-net profits increased by 183.44 per cent over the same period, national product, Sino-micro Corporation (688012.sh) - streaming poles in home-grown corrosion equipment, multi-line layout aided by Sino-micro Corporation (688012.sh) - new single-year increase of 60.24 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Figure 2: Single-season operating earnings and growth rates of companies Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate returns Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase in corporate returns
Figure 6: Cost over time for companies Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject