Short-term profit under pressure, mix + 4g penetration increase + Control spending + new business outbreak becomes a performance inversion
Tens of thousands of solid broadband users have accumulated 76,232,000 households, an increase of 86,000 households. Multiple reasons have led to a sharp fall in profits, and companies have gradually emerged from difficult times: China Connect is the most problematic and most difficult company among the three major operators in China.
Division profits decreased by 95.6 per cent in 2016 compared to the previous year, owing to multiple aspects of operations and management, while the adverse factors that held the company ' s performance back were being cleared: 1. Recovering growth after crowding in the number of users; and 2. Business development moving towards a significant 4g tilt to control the arpu value
3. The one-year policy of free mobility in the broadband market will expire this year, and competitive pressures will be reduced; 4.4g network building has gradually narrowed the gap with mobility. Although the new year of the public administration is still under pressure to raise costs, it is expected that the company will be able to do so.
In January-February 2017, according to company estimates, the company achieved a net profit of 460 million, the ring gain, the momentum of the company's recovery in growth, and the process of transformation continues, and is expected to accelerate its landing: the company has been listed as a national corporation.
After the pilot of the reform, the program was actively explored and became one of the highest-profile pilot companies in the country. The president of the company, Wang Xiaochu, has on several occasions expressed his determination to push for change and strategic collaboration between the company and big Internet players like Bat.
From the statements of the Managing Director of the two conferences, who said that it would be beneficial to the people of the land, we judged that the mix would accelerate the landing and inject institutional and financial dividends into the company’s long-term development, which would enhance the competitiveness of the company.
The 4g penetration rate is higher and the arpu value is better: in 2016, the company used 4g in China: U. U. U. Wei, the household penetration rate was only 40%, the arpu value was 0.1 yuan, meaning 4g user penetration.
There's still room for improvement, and there's room for further improvement in the arpu value.
On 21 February 2016, a total of 94,551 million yuan, representing an increase of 33.7 per cent over the previous year.
The company’s ict business earns $5,938 million, 3. China Connect: New Handsomes’ new strategy, a 37% increase in association, and maintains a leading position in areas such as education informatization.
Maintain a positive attitude in the development of Web-based big data operations, new business partnerships and the exploration of new business models, which are expected to combine the mix with new business development depths and upgrade companies' future telecommunications
China Connect: The first half of the year was a downturn in net profits The development strategy and the outbreak of new business have had a positive and sustained impact on the company by giving “buying East Wu Securities Co. Ltd.” with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, which already has a portfolio investment advisory committee