The net increase in the number of users of the accounts for the month was 12,266,000, and the net increase in the number of users of solid broadband for the month was 910,000. China Connect lost 1,426 million users in 2015, starting in January 2016.
The number of users moving out of the accounts has returned to growth, and the indicator used by China Connect in publishing data on the growth of mobile users by January 2016 was “a net increase in the current month for mobile users”, the average “a net increase in the current month for mobile users” for the 11 months from February 2016 to December 2016
Ten thousand households increased by 52 per cent over the previous month, January 2017 over the previous 11 months, February 2016 over the 11 months from December 2016, when the average “netted broadband user net for this month” was 166,000 in December of that year, compared to January 2017.
The 11-month average increase was 241%, and the January 2017 “net-based net increase in broadband users this month” was not only positive but also significant. The growth base is strong, with great potential for growth.
There are three main reasons for the growth of mobile account users. China Connect moved the account account account user list in January 2017 for three main reasons:
1. In 2016, China ' s UTC was able to fill short web quality boards, reducing the gap in the quality of mobile communication networks relative to the movement of medium-sized countries, and, when the gap in the quality of the network was reduced, the reason for the low number of users (the current number of UCN 4g users is about 1/5 of China ' s 4g users moving) was the reason for the network ' s low number of users.
2. In August 2015, when a new management team arrived on duty, it pushed all the mobile phones and solved the problem of mobile phones that had previously been connected to the Chinese Internet, which were able to move to China but were partially connected to the Chinese mobile network.
3. The new management team has promoted extensive cooperation, which has now been reported to include Bat, Dr. Peng, circular couriers, Central Guangnu, and in particular, Bat, which connects China to the offline network.
The ability of users to access has been greatly enhanced. The above three points together with the total number of mobile users currently connected to China is only about one third of the total number of mobile users moved to China, the number of 4g users is only about one fifth of the number moved to China, and the number of mobile network users connected to China is currently in use.
Just around 10%, the basis for the subsequent growth in the number of mobile account users is strong, and the potential for growth is high. The reason for the growth in the number of fixed Internet broadband users is that in December 2013 the Ministry of Industry and Communications removed restrictions on China’s mobile fixed network operations, after which the number of fixed Internet broadband users moved in China increased rapidly, but in China, the number of fixed broadband users rose rapidly.
The number of mobile fixed-net broadband users is growing rapidly, mainly through collaboration with the wide-grid catv network, which has an overwhelming advantage in the user's experience, and China, which is also actively building its own fixed-net broadband, which needs to be laid.
(a) Underground pipelines and railing resources, which are currently mainly in the hands of China Telecom and China Connect, which limit the speed with which China moves its broadband network;
100 m access capacity, the speed of access that China has to connect to broadband networks has a clear advantage over the rate of access to mobile broadband networks in China, while servers on the Internet are mainly located in the network of China Telecom and China Connect, which has led to a delay in the experience of Chinese telecom and Chinese connected users.
There is also a clear advantage to national mobility at present, the obvious advantage of access rates and delays, and China's connectivity.
The main reason for the relatively large increase in the number of users in January 2017 is that, while it is still to be seen whether the number of users will continue to grow, the data for January 2017 suggest at least that China Connect still has the potential to grow in the field of fixed broadband in the face of China’s mobile attacks.
We are optimistic about the strength and timing of the mix, taking into account the mobile potential of China's connectivity, the strong potential for data growth, the sustained growth of China's connectivity on idc/ cloud computing and ict, the beginning of commercialization in 2017, the large data imagination space, and the maintenance of China's connection.
Responsible professional attitudes, professional due diligence, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective presentation of this report, and accountability for the content and opinions of this report.