Wangpeng@cczq.com 2017 government report refers to mixing, speeding down fees, cancellation of domestic long-distance and roaming fees, yellow
According to the report of the Government of 2017 on the work of telecommunications operators, it is clear that “the reform of the corporate system will be substantially completed this year.
Taking substantive steps, China's UTC is expected to increase further, by addressing the issue of administrative and non-marketization of internal management and external behaviour in state-owned enterprises through institutional mechanisms, and by improving the incentive regime for marketization, which in the long run is conducive to the growth and cost of China's UCP.
In 2017, the government's report clearly stated that “there is a need to make a bigger step forward this year by eliminating all domestic long-distance and roaming charges and significantly reducing Internet access for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)”.
Rapidly growing to the benefit of businesses and the general benefit of the population.” The main implementation of this hike is the elimination of long-distance and roaming fees in mobile phones, a significant reduction in the amount of Internet access for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) The costs and burdens of individuals and businesses using telecommunications services, and the widespread benefits to businesses and the general public.
The benefits are a certain pressure but a limited impact on our performance in China, China and China, 177 High and New Zone Boulevard, to help our traditional industries accelerate their transformation and upgrade, popular entrepreneurship and innovation.
The cancellation of domestic long-distance and roaming fees has had little impact on China ' s connectivity, and China Connect eliminated all fees for long-distance and long-distance travel in its set-up at the connectivity group level on 1 October 2016, but left some flexibility at the provincial level to connect users in August 2016
Only 4 per cent of the users involved in domestic long-distance and roaming costs, and China currently has less than 2 per cent of the users involved in domestic long-distance and roaming costs. The average cost of these users is also less than the apru value of all users. The share of domestic long-distance and roaming costs in these user fees is also small (no)
With $25.990 billion in voice revenue, we predict that the elimination of domestic long-distance and roaming charges will affect China’s connectivity by no more than $200 million per year, with minimal impact. A significant reduction in Internet access charges for small and medium-sized enterprises will have an impact on China’s connectivity performance.
The most significant part of the sub-facilities. The revenue from Internet access for China-connected SMEs has not yet been disclosed. In accordance with the statement made by China's General Connect at the State Council's policy briefing on 6 March, China-based Connect has already reduced its standard Internet-based product capital in 2016.
At a 35 per cent fee to benefit 6.8 million households, the Deputy Minister of Industrial Informationation, Mr. Chen Zhaoxiao, at the State Council Policy Briefing, mentioned that the policy of significantly reducing Internet access charges for SMEs this year would benefit more than 22 million SMEs, and that China would connect to broadband in January 2017.
The ratio of individual and household users to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) is projected to be around 10:1 for the number of households with 76.14 million; the cost of broadband access in Beijing is as shown in table 1:
The proportion of businesses, all kinds of bandwidth, is not available, and we have a rough estimate of China ' s broadband access income for individuals and households as compared to that of small and medium-sized enterprises at 7:3. In 2015, there were significant speed cuts by operators, mainly for individual and household users, and in China in the second half of 2014
The main reason for the fact that fixed broadband income for connectivity is 27.5 billion, and for China 25.4 billion in the first half of 2016, the operator ' s income has not declined significantly at the time of the sharp increase in the rate of speed falls is the rising demand for the speed of the network, with more users choosing when the speed falls for operators.
A more high-speed package, which is expected to be similar for SMEs at this rate, can be seen in the changes in China's connectivity revenues following the last hike, which we predict will have an impact on China's income every year after connectivity.
Now, when friends and relatives need to communicate in different countries, basically micro-letters, qq-type otts, which are free of charge, involve international long-distance costs, but most of the international long-distances should be fixed), we can make sense.
In 2017, the Government's report on its work in China clearly stated that “in-depth implementation of China Manufacturing 2025 will accelerate the application of large amounts of data, cloud computing, and networking, with the new business model of new technologies and the promotion of traditional industrial production, and the development of new technologies for the production of new products.
Changes in management and marketing patterns” government reports emphasize that big data, cloud computing, and material networking should benefit the development of these three operations, and that big data, cloud computing, and material networking applications may be supported by government funds and policies at a later stage, while attracting more people and investment.
In these three areas, the rapid growth of the industrial chain in these three areas will benefit from three innovative Chinese-connected businesses: big data, cloud computing, and the use of the Internet. Investment advice: while a quick drop will have some performance pressure but limited impact, a mix of changes will result.
Increased efficiency of connectivity, increased revenue and reduced costs, the emphasis on mixing in government reports promising us optimism about the intensity and timing of the mix, and the emphasis on big data, cloud computing, and the use of the Internet in government reports helping China to connect to these three innovations faster.
Taking into account the strong potential of China’s networked mobile data business growth base, the professional attitude and professional and careful research methods, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective presentation of this report, and the responsibility for the content and views of this report. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be.
This would be directly or indirectly relevant to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.