— Seeing the achievements, seeing the brightness of China Connect ' s annual report for 2016, operating revenue in 2016 was 2,741,97 million, down from the same year wangpeng@cczq.com
The net profit was only 480 million, and in 2017 the government demanded a further increase in the cost of the landings, and the competitors’ move from China to China continues to build up the grid. The net profit includes the proceeds from the sale of the towers, and the net loss attributable to the parent company is set at RMB.
11.40 billion yuan, compared with 480 million net profits in 2016, had significantly improved; 4g network covered a qualitative leap in 2016, 4g network in the focus area achieved an equivalent network coverage, speed and signal quality industry, with income from mobile data flows increasing by 19.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
By 73.42 billion, mobile account users lost 14.26 million households in 2015, an increase of 11.51 million households in 2016, and the upgrading of 4g network quality has created a good basis for China Connect to acquire more new users in 2017 and to speed up the transfer of 2g/3g users to 4g users.
New progress has been made in the development of fibre-optic broadband networks, with the construction of 10 full-light network provinces and a slight increase of $2 million in the revenue from broadband access to China ' s fast-expanding 2016 connectivity in China, indicating that companies use high-quality networks as a basis for video-led enrichment of content and applications.
Upgraded bandwidth, highlighting the effectiveness of strategies for differentiation and brand advantage in broadband access competition: China Sea International, 177 New High Zone Crossroads, accelerated the construction and layout of a new generation of cloud data centres in 2016, with 12 cloud data completed
Heart, with a strong idc and cloud computing resource capacity, in 2016 idc and clouds calculated at $9.45 billion, an increase of 33.7 per cent over the previous year: frozen in June 2016, China Connect has begun standardizing its first line of operations in Fukuzhou in 2016
Nb-iot Scaled Commercial Bureau, China Connect has made the necessary accumulation of nbiot, preparing for the outbreak of the nbiot market when the industrial chain matures:
(b) In 2016, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the Internet company to explore new avenues for marketing, and the company was able to find new channels for marketing.
1. At the end of September 2016, it was mentioned that China Connect had been included in the first batch of changes, and in the December 2016 Central Economic Work Meeting and the 2017 Government Work Report.
It was stressed that the combination of connectivity was only a matter of time, that it would lead to changes in institutional mechanisms, that the upgrading of the 2.4g network had created a solid basis for attracting more users, that the new number of account-receiving users had reached 1.26 million in January 2017, and that there was a "one-card" on the Grand Card, which was connected to the telecommunications network.
As a result, China now uses only about 10 per cent of the network, and it can increase its ability to attract users. The unlimited voice and flow ice cream package, launched at the end of February 2017, has its full-light network and video-guided content and applications available in the context of market competition for broadband access.
(a) The competitive advantage of strengthening the South’s resident network and social capital cooperation to boost the income of broadband access 4. Big data, internetting, idc and cloud computing, ict, etc., and especially the large data and interlinkage network has great scope for development:
5. The construction of a full-light network in the 10 northern provinces and cities has been completed, with 4g base stations reaching 740,000, the first edition of which was frozen at the end of the year, and the largest construction of the overseas market should be in 2020. Historically, a large-scale construction of the wcdma3g network has been under way abroad since 2002, with the issuance of wcdma3g.
In 2009, a large-scale network of fddlte4g has been built overseas since 2010, and in 2015, China issued a fddlte4g licence, and we predict that China Connect is maintaining low capital. 6. China Connect is pursuing cost savings in six areas: mobility, grid-fixing, manpower and marketing.
The shift in business from coarse to coarse management, with a total cost of 269.959 billion in 2016, has greater scope for cost savings: 7. Collaboration with Internet companies has greatly expanded the reach of user development and allows for precision marketing.
Increasing access to new users and reducing marketing costs; Commencing the elimination of long-distance roaming fees, including the cancellation of long-distance roaming fees from new users early this year, and the impact on all users after October of $1.58 billion, with limited impact, as requested by the Government
The impact of reduced Internet access costs for SMEs was also limited, and the demand for Internet access would rise when access costs fell, with China having significantly reduced Internet access costs for SMEs in 2016, but real income generally increased.
Investment proposal: While acceleration costs will have a certain level of performance pressure but limited impact, mixing will lead to improved connectivity efficiency, higher incomes and lower costs, a strong foundation for growth in mobile data operations, a huge potential for high data and material networking, and a huge space for companies to develop rapidly and in the future.
Cost savings in the six main areas introduced in 2017 are expected to be more effective, maintaining the professional attitude of China, professional and careful research methods, using information on legal compliance, producing this report independently and objectively, and being responsible for the content and views of this report. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be.
This would be directly or indirectly relevant to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.