Building materials for new construction in the North (000786), fully benefiting from an upscaling and assembly building, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• The company ' s high performance throughout 2017, with major beneficiary countries facing supply-side reforms, environmental errors, high sales end prices, and a significant increase in the Māori ratio of its products. 2017 was a year of deepening supply, with continued withdrawals from the cast plate and the company ' s negative effects of a significant increase in its original fuel base and environmental stress.
Over the years, environmental inspectors in the steel, cement, glass, etc. have increased significantly, and there is a trend towards constantization.
Prices of sheeting raw materials (e.g. face paper) have risen significantly. As industry leaders, the price of raw materials has risen, and transmission to product prices has been effective, with only 26 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, and prices of raw materials in the context of environmental inspectors will either remain high in the third quarter, accelerating the exit of such firms.
• In the long term, the company’s focus is on further increases in market ownership and beneficial assembly construction. (1) The company’s products, new materials and a new wave of Thaksin gypsum, will be implemented, bringing the company’s total capacity to 3 billion m2/year.
The division has increased its layout in the south and west, and the overall city share of the company is expected to increase further. (2) The gypsum of the public product is the ideal wall material in the assembly building, and the assembly construction industry is about to rise, and the department will probably benefit significantly from it.
With a relatively low share, domestic assembly buildings are currently at the policy-guided implementation stage, and the State will “strive to use about 10 years to reach 30% of the new building area.” $2.65, with a 26% compound increase in the net return profit over the next three years.
(c) Risks of significant overseas litigation payments: (4) risk of less than expected expansion of the assembly building.
Assumption 1: a new round of production capacity plans for new material construction in the north and cast in the mountains, and a steady increase in the share of corporate cardboard products in the cities of the south and west; Assumption 2: a slowdown in domestic economic growth, a generally smooth policy of real estate regulation, and a gradual move to production of the expansion of the capacity of companies,
Assumption 3: No significant change in the company ' s three rates, based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2018-2020 in the following table:
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.