North (000786.sz) North (000786), monopolistic value dynamic, capacity utilization
In 2017, the company had 2,182 million square metres of gypsum, compared to 2,802 million square metres.
An increase of 150 million square metres in the previous year; 1.826 billion square metres in production throughout the year, an increase of 11.89 per cent over the previous year; and 36.08 per cent of companies, as oligopolies in the industry, not only have the ability to fully transfer costs, but also raw materials.
North New Materials (000786) - We built North New Materials (000786), high industry.
The company ' s ability as a leader in the industry to add production to the release cycle is expected to meet a significant increase in the utilization rate, taking into account environmental considerations becoming the norm, the continued phase-out of backward capacity, and the company ' s production.
There's still room for upswinging.
7.98 per cent, an increase of 0.51 percentage points in the same year. The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate continued to increase steadily in 2017, owing to the company ' s flexibility in implementing price hikes to respond positively to the increase in fuel costs, to a volume price increase in stock + increment + penetration rate, and to the expectation that the need for gypsum will continue to grow.
At the demand end, a new cycle of renovation in the stock market will lead to an increase in the demand for gypsum plates; in the incremental market, real estate investment will continue to grow at a more robust pace, and we expect more than 5% in 18 years of real estate investment, thus driving the need for gypsum.
In 2016, our per capita consumption of cast boards was about 2 square metres/person/year, compared to developed countries (10 square metres/person/year in the United States, 8 square metres/person/person/person/person in Japan).
There is a big gap. With a shift in consumption awareness and State support for the development of new building materials, the per capita consumption of the gypsum is expected to increase gradually. The company is the world’s largest gypsum industry group, with a market share of nearly 60% of the country, stock + increment + penetration rate trilateral.
The upgrading of the surface is expected to lead to a sustained increase in market demand for corporate gypsum plates. The elimination of backward capacity and the restriction of waste paper imports, and the possibility that the price of gypsum plates will increase, benefiting from continued demand-side growth and supply-side contractions, and the build-up of oligopoly patterns in the industry, we,
There are four main factors that are expected to make further progress this year: (a) the decline of the industry and the loss of competitiveness of small factories; and (b) the complete shutdown of the “2+26” urban construction materials industry during the heating season, which will promote further concentration in the castpad industry and increase the price-fixing power of the leading companies in the market.
During the reporting period, the company and its subsidiary, Tarzan Statue, developed a total of 21 production lines for the cardboard production.
In addition, in December 2017, for the first time outside the country, the company set up a cardboard production company, Tan Sanya, with an annual capacity of 9 million square meters, signalling the company’s global opening.
During the reporting period, the company has started to supply the company's products, including the Dragon Shackboard and the Light Steel Bone. The company's cast board is green and green.
New types of building materials, which meet the requirements of a new green and intelligent city in the “Yon An An” area, and have about 10 company-based gypsum production bases within 500 kilometres of the “Yun An” area. We believe that the company is expected to continue to benefit from the construction of the “Yun An Shin” as a source of gypsum for related projects.
Euros/stocks, corresponding to 12/11/9x respectively. We believe that the rise in the gypsum industry to benefit from assembly construction and the start of the stock market could open up a second-generation space, and that the company, as the industry leader, could increase the market share further in the environment of a more environmentally friendly environment, and that it would be able to move forward with the company's pricing power.
The risk of corporate loss arising from the litigation; Study of the real estate industry, building materials industry. New wealth in 2011, Crystalball 5th and Golden Bull 5th in 2012. Eight years of vendor research.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.