There's still room for development in the industry, and there's still room for new material in the North (000786), and the company's annual report for 2017 has increased by $11,164 million throughout the year.
□ Production capacity continues to expand, brand dominance supports higher profits, and profitability continues to grow. Currently, the company's gypsum board is capable of producing 2,182 million square metres, an increase of 2.35 per cent over the same period.
The company's core business is cast board, which accounts for 88.53 per cent of its income, almost the same as the same period last year, with no change in other business structures. The North remains the main area of corporate sales, with 44.91 per cent of the revenue, and the company's added value to overseas.
The structure of the business, the establishment of a joint venture in Tanzania to “go out” and boost international operations to $81.43 million, an increase of 54.69% in the same year. The company continuously optimized the cost structure by upgrading technology, streamlining management structures, etc., and in 2017 it achieved a price increase in the volume of its product, with a Māori ratio.
37.23 per cent, six years in a row, with three fees optimized, and R & D inputs maintained their growth and municipalization rates, becoming an important stepping stone for the consolidation of the corporate sector.
□ Deepening supply-side reforms with clear corporate benefits
Six months of product prices have risen, and the North has benefited significantly as a leader in the industry: the company received 59.14 per cent of the total in the second half of the year, an increase of 3.52 percentage points compared to the second half of 2016, in particular a 57.22 per cent increase in public revenue in the third quarter of the year, far exceeding the annual growth rate. The supply side reform will take place in 2018.
Further deepening, companies are expected to use their resources to further increase the market’s presence. □ Industry needs are high, green building materials are on the rise, and the gypsum industry is far less widespread in the country than in developed countries like Europe and America.
The recent constitutional amendments explicitly incorporate the requirements of ecological civilization into the Constitution, green sustainability will be the focus of our economic development, and the development of green materials is expected to improve.
Many policies support the increased penetration of the gypsum as a representative product of green energy-efficient building materials. Substream applications of the gypsum include walls, ceilings, etc., based on the company’s current main application areas, mainly commercial and public buildings, low use of home improvements and home decorations.
Refurbishment is mainly applied to top-up decorations, low use of wall decorations, and companies are expected to upgrade their application in the area of home-up decorations (especially walls).In 2017, supply-side reforms advanced, corporate brand values rose, performance increased steadily, costs increased.
The gypsum industry is in need of space in the country, and the green building materials will be in the midst of a new boom. The company, as the leader of the industry, is expected to accelerate the increase in the market share, using as a standard the increase or decline in the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth 300 index within 12 months of the date of this report, as defined below:
No rating, because the company is unable to obtain the necessary information, or because it faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.