Daily food, beverages and tobacco.
As the prices of the huts and the five grain fluids rise, they also provide space for the 1573 price hikes. Nearly, the price of the batches of around $700 during the spring season has risen significantly, showing a rising trend. The price increases are in keeping with the trend of high white wine on the one hand, and this year on the other.
The market strategy since Spring Day is very relevant. Companies have been using prices to cut market costs, and stop prices to support prices since the Spring Festival.
Prices are relatively favourable. The company has also previously revealed that high-end liquor is growing at a very high rate, and that the size of the special cellar is expected to grow. In 2018, high-quality alcohol accounted for 49% of the company's revenue.
In 2018, the song as a whole grew close to 40%, the song was tacked around China, the restaurant canals were tweaked, and since this year, the song has increased its income by more than 30%, the old word special has increased by more than 50%.
Long. Last year's 60th edition of the special feature achieved $700 million in sales in 2018. This year's target.
The company plans to produce 15,000 tons of wine in the cellar in 2020 and 2.5 tons in 2025.
High, Medium White Trail. Today, high wine in the cellar produces about 3000 tons of alcohol, has 20,000 tons of old wine, and it works, with a steady increase in net interest rates.
With the further release of productive capacity after the completion of the technology, the expansion of capacity will provide security for the development of the cellar. - 2018/08/28 This year ' s sales costs will be more effective, crowding out more moisture, and judge future companies.
There will be controls over the cost of sales. This year, the management of the Corporate Shareholders Assembly responded positively, performance targets for the year were well secured, and the 1573 batch price could stand and continue to narrow the difference between the five-food batch prices, which were raised at the factory price.
Possibilities. Specialies and cellar age, as important catchers of the series of wines, have maintained a high rate of growth this year, which has helped the company to move the price of the series. We predict sales in 2019, taking into account the stability of the white wine business cycle and the advantage of 1573 in the high-end trend of white wine.
Macroeconomics were hit hard by the trade war, high-end overall consumption of white wine was down, and the company appeared at 9 North End North Street in Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report