The company published its annual report for 2018 and its report for the first quarter of 2019, which resulted in an increase of 36.27 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved an increase of $4,469 million.
Two billion in double brands, help company meeting the 2019 target, two billion in strategic goals of two billion brands, out of the country cellar, out of the state cellar, and out of the company's product structure since 2018.
As a result of the gradual improvement in the size of the national cellar and the specials, which rose by 4.1, 2.0 percentage points, the company Mau Ouyang Woo Swords, and the firm stand-up strategy, brand values continue to rise.
Since the beginning of the quarter, the price of five batches has risen steadily, the price of each batch has remained at over $1,800, the price of five grains is about to be introduced, and companies are expected to continue to raise their brand value in the future with firm counter-price strategies.
The final retail and group purchase prices for three products at Zhang Xingdu, 43 degrees and 38 degrees have been increased by $50, respectively; starting in January, the core product under the flag was 1573, the classic 500ml, and the wine line was recommended at $810 per bottle; the group was purchased at $880.
The retail price was raised from $969 to $1099, while the retail price for the classic 500ml in the 38-degree cellar was raised to $799. Improved profit, good marketing, and the gradual release of brand power have steadily advanced the nationalization layout.
The company's overall performance was good in a quarter, its stock level was about one month, the bulk price had been raised to around $750, and in the current situation, profits from the company's channels had recovered, and the product structure had improved significantly.
The local market, which has formed the development landscape of the country's priority regions, “million townships, millions of districts, millions of yuan” and the future company, 28 Peace Rixie Street, Beijing West Side, will be steadily promoting nationalization.
China International Center, 15th floor, Hengsheng, 1000th Street, Shanghai and Land Gate Road, and Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, the 6th tax-free trader.
And 5.3 yuan per unit, equivalent to 22.1, 16.7 and 13.4 times, respectively.
China Sea International Centre 17 uses legally compliant information, and produces this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.