Trina: The N-type integrated layout accelerates, multi-operational synergy space is wide-ranging — the In-depth Report of Trina (688599) 11/0223
The N-type integration accelerates, multi-operational synergies with a vast pool of 25 miles of deep-farming photovoltaic industries, and the industry’s high profile contributes to higher performance.
Changzhou was established, starting with the development of a photovoltaic power station, which has grown over 25 years into a deep-farming photovoltaic industry, with 210 large-sized components that have evolved to produce a leader in distribution, with more than 60% distribution. Global photovoltaic demand has continued to rise since 2020, with companies gaining a high yield, from 2017 to 2021.
Business income grew from 26,159 million yuan to 44,480 million yuan, and net profit returns from mothers grew from 542 million yuan, while the economic upturn drove the increase in photovoltaic demand and the concentration of components increased rapidly.
The cost of manufacturing technological advances and scale effects has been significantly reduced from 0.42 per cent per degree to 0.05 per cent per cent in 2010-2021, with photovoltaic power now at par in most parts of the world. In our view, under global carbon neutralization and targets, we believe that
Long-term growth certainty in the photovoltaic sector is high, with a projected increase in global loadings from 238gw to 500gw in 2025, with an average annual compound increase of 28%. Component manufacturing process barriers are lower, brand channels are core competitive, and leading firms have grown in size, with a recent episode of cr5.
By the end of 2023, the company is expected to complete a 30gwtopcon component, which has recently increased by % in January.
Yes. In addition, the company is moving rapidly towards new capacity-building and increasing integration, and as Xining and Xiaoan move forward, the industrial silicon/silicon/silicon/ battery/assemblies/assemblies are expected to produce 100,000 shares in circulation by the end of 2023 (%)
Tons, 51.5 gw/65gw/85gw, industrial silicon/silicon/silicon/cell block production self-supporting 43/23/49/76%.
Globally competitive branding and a comprehensive supply-channel system as a means of opening up other businesses Rapid development 1) Distributive operations: building the "By the Rich" brand and launching the bipv product "Agriculture" with a clear downscaling effect, with distribution system 2022H1 outs out of volume
2.2gw, in the forefront of the industry; 2) track the frame: acquisition of nclave, fast-track promotion to the global front line, with 2.8gw in the first three quarters of 2022, which exceeds the previous two years, and with lower prices for raw materials such as steel, the ratio of mauricium is expected to be restored. 3) storage operations:
Full year 2022, with a global reserve of more than 5 gwh, the volume of operations growing rapidly and with a wide range of potential for growth.
Pe is 42 x, 23 x, and 18 x, and given the company ' s leading role in the 210 component, the distribution industry has significant advantages, and the multiplicity of operations is progressing well, with wide scope for growth, with comparable parity.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, was valued in 2024 by 20xpe in 2024, with a target market value of $8.9 billion, covering risk factors for the first time: global photovoltaics are not as high as expected; raw materials price fluctuations are at risk; and technological roads are at risk.
Markets fear that demand will decline in the short-term photovoltaic sector, that the manufacturing chain will generally be exposed to profitability when the industry’s chain of rigid bottlenecks open, and that integrated components will be subject to both valuation and profitability pressures. Since the industry entered the price-parity cycle, global carbon will be available.
In the last two years, the price of the industrial chain has continued to rise as a result of inadequate supply of upstream silicone, and the industry as a whole has been out of supply and demand for nearly two years, with most of the profits concentrated in the upstream silicone chain. Since the fourth quarter of 22 years, the rigid supply bottlenecks in the industrial chain have been caused by the release of additional silicone production capacity.
Turn it on, and the prices of the industrial chain have declined considerably. For 23 years, we're looking at a much lighter supply of silicon than in the previous two years, a potentially high demand for global photovoltaics, a shorter construction time for photovoltaic projects, a stronger end demand elasticity, and we're predicting that the decline in industry chain prices will stimulate rapid growth in global photovoltaic demand, with some inverse support for the price of the industrial chain, and in industry prices as a whole.
The pre-PV cycle is likely to rise, the industrial chain faces a redistribution of profits, and downstream components are expected to recover for profit. The components are the downstream link of the photovoltaic manufacturing chain, face-to-end customers, have light asset attributes, build technical barriers, brands, channels, and business management capabilities are the main core competitiveness.
After the christening cycle in the past, with a wealth of experience in business management and risk management, core competitive elements such as brands, channels, processes and technology have gained global leadership, industry concentration has increased over the past few years, with the city of Cr5 rising from 42.8 per cent to 68 per cent in 2017-2022, and head-assembly business growth has generally been higher than industry growth.
In the context of high performance growth, the ability of head-assembly firms to finance is also growing, with continuous upward movement to the manufacturing chain, large-scale investment in new production capacity, higher integration rates, effective profitability, increased resistance to industrial cycle fluctuations, and growing barriers to competition. We judge that the photovoltaic sector is still in the process of rapid technological progress, with efficiency gains and lower costs of conversion.
With greater space, 23-year-n-topcon mass production is expected to accelerate the overall technological breakthrough in the industry, transfer efficiency improvements, upscaling, coupled with a steep rise in the economics of photovoltaic power, stimulating more potential demand to accelerate release. We believe that if demand in the photovoltaic industry is higher than expected, integrated component companies are expected to continue to benefit from block Beta opportunities.
Lump-sum, fast-driving N-type integrated layouts, dominant in distributed areas, distribution ahead, promising to fully benefit from the profitability of futures properties of components in overseas markets, and firms relying on component channels for horizontal expansion Multi-purpose operations, sustained breakthroughs in distribution systems, tracking support frames, storage operations, differential levels of profitability with competitive advantages,
Growth space, core competitiveness are expected to increase further, and valuation profits are expected to increase both. First, Trina energy: more than 25 rounds in the deep-farming photovoltaic industry, starting a new 3.0-era race, 1.1 ounces of deep-cultivated photovoltaic components, leading to steady industrial growth
1.0 Ages (1997 - 2006): Started home in the mainland, the first of its kind. Since its establishment in 1997, Trina has been continuously involved in projects such as the “Sunshine House” (1999) and the “West Light Project” (2003), which have accumulated extensive experience in the development of photovoltaic power stations and the production of components.
2.0 Ages (2007-2016): Acculturation business, leading the world. In 2010, the first time a component delivered 1gw, accounting for 6.5% of the world ' s market share. By 2016, the component accumulated over 30gw, ranking first in the world, with multiple world records of crystallized silicon cell conversion efficiency.
3.0 Ages (2017-to date): Breaking up the pattern and leading the energy chain. In 2020, the company introduced 210-to-one components based on technological innovations such as large-scale silicon tablets, multi-frontier technology, non-destructive cutting and diversified design layouts, with cumulative output of components reaching 100 gw in 2022.
Multi-purpose operations, with greater layout in the areas of distributed systems, tracking supports, storage operations, energy connectivity, integrated regulation, and the provision of a wide range of intelligent and efficient energy services to users.
Photovoltaic products include the development, production, and marketing of single, multi-crystal silicon-based photovoltaic components. Based on high-quality equipment energy, mature process experience, and industrial advantages, the company’s deep integration of multi-type battery and assembly core technologies has introduced a high-power benchmark.
The operation of photovoltaic systems includes power station operations and systems product operations. Station operations cover the management of power station sales and construction, and system products are divided into large photovoltaic station system products, commercial photovoltaic system products and household photovoltaic system products.
Smart energy operations consist mainly of photovoltaic power and wiring, smart microgrids and multi-energy systems and energy cloud platforms. These include, inter alia, energy grids, storage operations, electrical electronics operations, grid distribution operations and integrated energy services.
The company’s equity structure is stable, and the real control of the company is high. As of 2022q3, Gokifan held about 35% of the total direct or indirect shares. Among the top 10 shareholders in the company, Jiangsu Chauji Investment Ltd., Tianxuan Investment Development Co. Ltd., Jiang Su Qing Sea Investment Co. Ltd. are co-actors of the company’s controlling shareholders and the actual controlling person, Mr. Gokifan.
As Deputy Managing Director, Chairman of the Board, Tsao Bo and Gao Qing as Deputy Managing Director, Director, Tin Huachang, and Feng Zhiqiang as Deputy Managing Director, the management of the company has extensive experience in the field of photovoltaic operations, R & D. Table 1: Background description of the company ' s core management and technical staff
Male, born in 1965, of Chinese nationality, with residency rights in Singapore, with a master ' s degree in post-graduate studies. Bachelor ' s degree in chemistry, Nanjing University, 1985; Master ' s degree in physics and chemistry, Jilin University, 1988; Chairman of the Board of Directors, statutory representative and general manager of Tsi-Yi-Ion.
December 2017 Chairman and Managing Director of the Tianxuan limited board; 2006-2017 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Gokifan city company; and December 2017-present Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Tianxuan energy company.
In June of that year, he joined Trina Light Energy Co. Ltd. as Deputy General Manager of the company. 1.4 Photovoltaic operations gradually increased, with high performance growth and high performance growth. Corporate operating income increased from $26.2 billion to $44.5 billion in 2017-2021, with cagr reaching.
Since 2022, the Russian-Turkish conflict has led to a strain on traditional energy supplies overseas, and countries' demands for the development of indigenous clean energy have increased significantly. Solar power generation policy support has increased, the landscape of the photovoltaic industry has continued to rise, and demand for components has increased significantly. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved 58,198 million yuan in operating revenue, an increase of 86.15 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, and net return to the mother amounted to 2,402 million dollars.
The share of income from photovoltaic components in the company’s revenue structure has increased year by year, exceeding 60% overseas. Since 2019, photovoltaic products have accounted for more than 70% of public revenue and have remained on the rise. Geographically, the net interest rate and the Māori rate have been 3.93% and 13.45% respectively in the last three years, both domestically and overseas.
According to the Dupont decomposition method, the rise in roe was mainly due to higher net sales interest rates and equity multipliers. The asset-liability ratio has generally remained stable and rising.
High demand, driven by the international situation, government policies, and the use of development opportunities by companies to finance new productive capacities, high levels of corporate cost management capacity, and sustained increases in R & D inputs. In the first three quarters of 2017-2022, firms continued to grow in size, and the effects of scale continued to show, with cost rates generally declining at a faster rate. At the same time, firms have always given high priority to R & D inputs.
The cost of R & D rose from $202 million in 2017 to $925 million in 2021, mainly from the investment needed to launch R & D projects such as heart, information centres and related new solar cells, high-efficiency N double-face batteries, and bitv components in the upgrading of companies. In the first three quarters of 2022, the cost of R & D in companies was $852 million, an increase of 51.63 per cent over the previous year.
There has been a significant increase in net operating cash flows. There has been a significant increase in net operating cash flows due to higher demand in the photovoltaic sector in the first three quarters of 2022, as well as high demand for products such as photovoltaic components. Net cash flows from corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2022 amounted to $3.95 billion, an increase of 1398.75 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2022.
The high climate is expected to continue, as defined by the broad prospects for the development of the carbon-neutral and targeted photovoltaic sectors, with 197 countries at the twenty-first meeting of the Conference of the Parties, held in Paris on 12 December 2015, to address climate change
The Paris Accord was adopted at the session. It entered into force within one year, with the aim of significantly reducing global greenhouse gas emissions, limiting global temperature rises in this century to 2°C, while seeking measures to further limit temperature rises to 1.5°C. Parties responded positively, making carbon neutral as a long-term development objective.
By the end of 2021, 136 countries, 115 regions and 235 major cities had set carbon neutrality targets, covering 88 per cent of global greenhouse gas emissions and 90 per cent of global greenhouse gas emissions.
In June 2021, the General Directorate of the National Energy Agency officially issued the report on sending the entire county down to $0.05 per cent, a decrease of 88 per cent. Photovoltaics became the dominant source of global investment in electricity technology in 2021.
Photovoltaic power is now at par in most parts of the world, and the cost of photovoltaic power remains much lower as technology rises in the future. The global photovoltaic industry has moved from a policy-driven development phase to a cost-neutral, reliable, and sustainable access phase.
The share of wind and photovoltaic power generation in the country has been rising. In 2022, the total number of new installed wind and photovoltaic power generation units in the country amounted to 125 million kilowatts, of which 37.63 million kilowatts were added to wind power and 87.41 million kilowatts were added to photovoltaic power, with a combined installed capacity of 3.7 million kilowatts and 3.9 billion kilowatts, respectively. National wind and photovoltaic power generation amounted to 915.7 billion kilowatt hours, an increase of 22.03 per cent in wind and wind power.
Photovoltaic power generation accounts for 10.6% of the entire population, and the domestic and foreign markets continue to be high. Global loading has been on a steady upward trend in recent years, increasing from 102.4gw/year to 170gw/year, from 13.51% in the regions.
See, the new loads in China, the European Union, and the United States of America in the three major photovoltaic markets were 18.55%, 50.31%, 21.54% respectively. Global demand for photovoltaics continued to rise in 2022, with China ' s National Energy Agency releasing data showing a new load of 87.41gw in 2022, an increase of 58.93% compared to 2022.
23.7gw. According to pvinfolink, exports of our components amounted to 154.8gw in 2022, an increase of 74 per cent over the same year, and we expect that the number of additional global loaders will increase from 238gw to 500gw in 2025, opening up an average annual compound acceleration of 2.2 supply bottlenecks, with downstream components expected to recover for profit.
Silicon production capacity expands rapidly, breaking supply-side constraints. According to Silicone Branch Under-Secretary-General Ma Haeten, in 2022, global multi-crystal silicon production amounted to about 890,000 tons, of which China produced 750,000 tons, or 84 per cent, of the total global production. The total silicon production in 2022 is projected to be 1.25 and 2.5 g/w, based on light-voltage assembly levels compared to silicon components, based on a ratio of 1.25 and silicon consumption of 2.5 g/w.
284.8gw, we expect global light voltage to reach 238gw in 2022, maintaining a tight balance between supply and demand. According to valid energy data from the Sobi consultation, global production of multiple crystal silicon is expected to reach about 1.5 million tons, and we expect total silicon production to be 600gw in 2023, and global light voltage to be around 321gw in 2023.
Silicon supply bottlenecks are expected to be broken, and the industrial chain faces a redistribution of profits. In 2022, silicon supply was tight, silicon prices were rising, and silicon single-ton Maori was rising.
w Māori is still relatively stable: the battery band chain was previously characterized by insufficient supply of silicon, rising upstream prices in the industrial chain, higher pressure on battery band profits, lower production capacity of small-sized perc batteries, limited production of additional large percs, higher demand for larger battery sizes, a marked improvement in battery profit and a recovery of single w Māori;
The component links are subject to end-to-end acceptance due to higher upstream costs. The price of the chain of production has recently begun to decline significantly, and we expect that, with the release of additional production routes for silicon throughout the year, hard bottlenecks in the supply of the chain are expected to be broken, the chain of industry is faced with a redistribution of profits and the downstream component is expected to recover.
An analysis of the silicon silicon sensitivity of the integration component is assumed to be 2.5 g/w and the cost of non-silicon of the integration link (silicon-assemblies-cells) to be 0.85 yuan/w at a cost of 8.5 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, for the period. On the basis of the above assumptions, the unit net gain will be about 0.02 yuan/w for each drop in the silicon price; in the case of components, the unit net gain will be calculated at 10 yuan/kg.
For each price increase of $0.05/w, the unit net gain will increase by about $0.04/w. 2.3 The new battery array technology is rapidly developing, with the potential for rapid improvement in the perc cell conversion efficiency close to the theoretical limit, and the new battery technology will open up opportunities for development. 2021 perc battery production.
The average conversion efficiency of line output has reached 23.1 per cent, up from 0.3 pct in 2020, and is gradually approaching its 24.5 per cent theoretical maximum efficiency, with limited scope for future upgrades. Compared to P-silicon, N-silicon has a longer life expectancy, has a higher tolerance for iron and other metals, and the theoretical conversion of cells based on N-silicon is more efficient and can further reduce photovoltaic power generation.
Manufacturing costs and systems costs. According to the analysis in the Isfh (2019) report, the theoretical maximum efficiency of cell N, which is represented by topcon and hit, is much higher than that of the perc cell, and over time and technological maturity, the cell N is expected to achieve a higher volume battery efficiency and is expected to become a new generation of mainstream battery technology.
The age of mainstream N battery technology has gradually come to an end. The efficiency and cost of N-efficient crystalline silicon battery technology are now improving rapidly, and in the context of new technology turning points for battery technology, N batteries, including topcon, hjt, ibc etc., have the advantages of conversion efficiency, low decay and lower lcoe potential, and will decrease their production costs in the future.
Low and good increases are expected to be the next generation of mainstream products after perc. Topcon batteries are mature and have a quantitative value for money advantage. Topcon batteries are now better than perc in terms of conversion efficiency, double-face rates, temperature coefficients, weak light performance, first-year decay rates, which can lead to an increase in power generation efficiency and a higher degree of electricity consumption.
The cost falls, and therefore the price premium for the topcon battery and the end of the component. According to data from a 100mw photovoltaic power project in Queensland, Australia, published by the Crystal Energy Public, the company ' s non-topcon component increased its total electricity generation by 4.17% over a 25-year life cycle compared to the conventional p perc component, and the electricity cost of lcoe decreased by about 3.68%.
The N-share ratio is expected to increase continuously. Most new production capacity in the second half of 2022 has been planned to be 253gw and 153.4gw, respectively, in the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the year, which will effectively support the rapid development of future N-cell technology.
III. The concentration of components is high, the degree of integration of the taps is rapidly increasing 3.1cr5 and the concentration of brand channels is rapidly increasing, the capacity of component cr5 is constantly expanding and the concentration of the industry is increasing. In 2021, component cr5 combined and accounted for domestic capacity.
60.96 per cent, global capacity 47.06 per cent, and city cr5 share rises annually to 63.40 per cent by the end of 2021, and we expect that figure 30: 2019-2023e component cr5 output (gw) component will continue to increase in concentration, with tenders focusing on large-scale components. According to the International Energy Network/PV (pv-2005)
In 2022, the number of bid proposals for photovoltaic components amounted to 226, with a combined capacity of 139.71gw. In 88 household bid companies, the top five were awarded a capacity of more than 40%. Top3 companies were awarded more than 10gw, and head-assembly companies had a higher concentration.
In 2022, it was determined that the size of large-scale projects above 540wp had a capacity of 113.05gw, or close to 80%, and that the sales ratio of cr5 was on the whole declining trend, with the sales rate of coronary, crystallography, Jingao selling from 15-20% to 15%.
Sliding to 10-14% of the area, Lungi is a silicon leader, and silicon is sold in larger quantities, with a higher Māori rate than any other integrated enterprise. 2) Single-watt profits: 2022h1 syntheses, crystals, Atts single-war profits are between 0.05 and 0.07 yuan/w, Chrysot, with a high degree of integration and excellent cost management, with a single-watt net profit of 0.11 yuan/w.
Figure 34: In the first three quarters of 2017-2022, the Māori ratio of component enterprises has been generally declining, maintaining internationalization, and the branding effect has become apparent. Astronomy, Crystal, Crystal, and Artes have been dominated by foreign revenues, accounting for more than 60% of the total, and four companies have been marketed by the United States and accumulated a wealth of overseas sales experience.
In terms of the volume of goods, the product is ranked as global, according to pvinfolink, and the product is stable and always at the forefront of the industry.
Cr5 received a 100% financing rating on several occasions for bnef, indicating an overall high level of trust in the global financial markets and the solar industry in terms of innovation, reliability, stability, and so on. The number of head-manufacturers channels is clearly superior, creating a global distribution network.
There is a well-developed distribution system, with vendors covering more than 60 countries (regions), installers covering more than 90 countries (regions), and other component enterprises in a clear lead industry, creating significant channel advantages.
The development of a complete and effective demand tracking management system for the life cycle of different clients, which promotes marketability and upgrading of products, builds the strength and competitive capital of the component leaders.
Unlike strategic planning, component cr5 has a significant difference in the selection of sales models. The aim is to reduce the costs of block-making, sales teams, management, storage, etc., to push the distribution model and to construct a large distribution system on a global scale, which currently accounts for more than 60% of the distribution.
The sales model is a need to save intermediaries and to accurately transmit information on high-quality products. Given that the end-user group covers a wide range of groups such as investors, developers, contractors, and household customers of small photovoltaic systems in and outside the country, crystallography currently accounts for half of all direct sales and distributions.
Figure 38: Direct sales and distribution share of 2022h1, with a rapid increase in the degree of integration 3.2, with output of type N technologies accelerating the process of vertical integration and extension of the cr5 industrial chain. In recent years, component cr5 has promoted vertical integration strategies from
In 2022, the price of the upstream raw material continued to be high, and the supply chain continued to be strained, accelerating the pace of vertical integration of the cr5. The integration of the “silicon silicon-cell-assemblies” has led to an increase in the combined capacity of leading enterprises to move towards a self-supply of raw materials.
Figure 40: Component 2020-2022 cr5 silicon and battery self-supply Co-opportunity of upstream and downstream enterprises and strategic cooperation continues. Based on the complementarities of upstream and downstream industries, the component leader companies collaborate with the poles and upstream production leading firms to establish or replenish joint funds holding companies. As early as January 2017, Lungi, Lungi,
Triangular silicon materials, Ltd., has been built jointly with the upstream silicon giant Tung Wai; in 2021, Crystal, Jing, Australasia chose the upstream new energy source as a partner, and the three parties jointly financed the new capital replenishment for Inner Mongolia; and in November 2022, before