Quarter-on-year business income positive, asset quality excellent, October 28, 2017
Net profits increased by 17.02% over the same period; a negative rate of 0.86% was the same as at the end of June.   3 Q1
For the first time since Chiang Jiang Song-hyun, the rate of increase has shifted from negative to negative; the net interest income has fallen by 2.9% over the same period, and the profit growth has been largely due to improvements in asset quality.
17.02% longer, mainly due to a decrease in impairment losses of assets. The first three quarters raised a total of $4,041 million, or 3,212 million less than last year's period. The net difference fell or was driven up by cost. The net difference in the last three quarters was 1.85% in Nanjing, a decline of 2bps compared to the first half of the year. The net difference hit the bottom of the first half of the year.
After a six-month increase in net interest over q1 4bps, the three-quarters continue to turn upside down. A rough calculation of interest-bearing interest-bearing asset yields (at the end of the period, caliber) reduces interest differentials or is cost-delayed.
The total assets of the Nanjing Bank at the end of September were 1.14 trillion, an increase of 7.59 per cent compared to the end of the 16th year. Loans grew by 14.98 per cent, compared to the end of the year: deposits were reduced by two consecutive quarters, and the size of the statement of association was stable.
At the end of September, the decline was 0.86 per cent and remained stable for two consecutive quarters; the balance of non-performing loans was 3,296 million, compared to June
At the end of the year, only $110 million was added, slowing down the poor generation. Loans of concern accounted for 1.7%, and the rate remained high at the end of June: in the context of continued improvements in asset quality, the provision was higher than the profit forecast and investment rating at the end of June: the Nanking Bank continued to have higher net profit returns, benefiting from better asset quality.
Growth. In terms of reporting indicators, the poor rate is stable, interest-type loans continue to decline, and the impairment of assets has decreased significantly at the mid-2017 reporting point of the Bank of Nanjing. Loans have remained at a high level of growth, but deposits have declined net for two consecutive quarters, and nuclear
: Better asset quality drives profit, and there is some pressure on the core liability. The $14 billion fixed-up program complements core-level capital, which is beneficial when it lands. Figure 5: Nanjing Bank loan structure
Figure 6: Bank deposit structure in Nanjing Figure 7: Bank asset quality in Nanjing Figure 8: Bank capital adequacy in Nanjing
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board