This week's industry perspective: Increased domestic demand for light, the start of Tesla's domestic product, the start-up price of 328,000 dollars, there's a certain price advantage over average low- and medium-end luxury cars, and we expect new energy products to be further developed.
More importantly, after more than a decade of development and product renewal, and integration with intelligent natural advantage, new energy automobile products will experience a clear future stronger than conventional fuel trucks, which are expected to open the market by breaking through the end of the product. 2. The industrial chain is still under price pressure, and there is room for further policy hedging. More recently, the price of new orders from the battery plant has declined, and the price of the lithium core has fallen by more than three.
Metal cores; three-dollar drivers and triple-dollar prices have fallen as a result of falling prices of raw materials such as cobalt. With the end of the policy transition period, there are still significant pressures on the value of the industrial chain, but, in policy space, hedging instruments have gradually emerged: in the recent past, increases in car regulation in Shenzhen, Guangzhou, etc. Control incremental targets have been one of the tools, with a projected increase in the purchase of vehicles, mostly new energy vehicles.
2. Perspectives on the photovoltaic sector: 1; policies on photovoltaics are further settled and domestic demand is on the rise. The National Energy Agency issues a circular on matters related to the construction of wind power, photovoltaic power projects in 2019, further protecting the road to price parity; we believe that the competitive configuration of subsidy projects is conducive to the introduction of [excellently] industrial weekly products, gathering policy forwards, markets, etc.
Step by step to stimulate market dynamism and boost the combined benefits of photovoltaic power generation; according to our research on industrial chains, the development of multi-energy complementarities, as well as power market complementarities, hot spots, industry depths are exploited together, with important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
Reforms are expected to contribute to changes in business patterns. 2. In the era of parity, China’s champions of quality manufacturing are still in historic opportunities. The industry is now in the best position in the industry’s (excellently) industry’s coverage of companies, with a better cycle at every stage, and Chinese manufacturing has a greater global advantage: especially at the end of the upper-middle silicon and the end of the silicon tablets; and, according to the public announcement of the listed companies, in China’s history.
Pushing one or two shares. A weekly update, if the offer remains the same, will continue to consolidate the silicon chain conglomerate over 55gw.
Trade in voodoo products may also be one of the main focuses, but this is nothing more than an episode of the upward cycle, which offers a better chance of intervention. The market will be significantly defeated by these stock trends, with less-than-expected development being recommended.
This is the current period of the Sunda Stock Exchanges Co. Ltd. (600438). ltd
House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City City, Building No. 1 Tangwei 1 (600438), Good Root Support Agriculture + Photovoltaics, with world-class taps back on board. The company was listed primarily in feed business, and its chairman, Liu Han Won.
With these good foundations, the group began to take a forward-looking picture of the PV plate, and in 2016, the company acquired PV assets into the PV field. In the three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage at the cutting edge; the “fishing one” power station achieved an organic integration between corporate agriculture and PV.
Focus, future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and development of space.2 Price-equal access to the Internet will drive the development of the photovoltaic industry, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, there is a wide range of development space for clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects a 48% share of future combined photovoltaic and wind power generation. We have set up a photovoltage rate rate of return on Internet access.
Calculating, by modelling, we believe that the industry will move gradually into a new cycle of recovery and affordable Internet access in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. From the whole industry chain, we believe that import substitution, the concentration-upgrading silicon chain is the most worthwhile, and that the company’s multi-crystal silicon business has a clear advantage and is expected to continue to boost import substitution and industrial upgrading.
With high technology and cost thresholds, industry is expected to form a new monopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a higher level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy efficiency and consumption, while constructing the “chemical-photo-voltaic” revolving economic chain, and will have improved technology, optimized processes, and cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer sold to Top3 to Convalescence, Emmett and Exhibitions, with more than 4gw in volume, with a firm build-up of battery blades, cost advantages and zero-credit models guaranteeing good profitability and cash flow.
With automated equipment applications and very high cost controls, the company has reduced the cost of battery processing to less than $0.3 w, which is still better profitable under current product price pressures. The company is constantly improving the efficiency and power of battery film and components through sustained research and development inputs. Depending on the quality of its products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers around the world.
Good cash flow is ensured by selling zero-credit loans: " 201,904,422 shares (600,438.sh) Recovering the profitability of photovoluntage heads, releasing productive capacity to drive future performance growth " , "20,190,124 shares (600,438.sh) showing real value in the low-end period, new cycle growing again "
(b) Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and special skills in exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.