This week's industry perspective: the wind has opened the path to parity, identifying opportunities in the last cycle for the new energy automobile industry: 1; the local policy package supports the promotion of new energy vehicles and subsidizes payments to improve the cash flow of frontlines.
The Circular on Policies to Accelerate the Extension of New Energy Vehicles in Henan Province, which explicitly improves the environment for the use of new energy vehicles at the local level, particularly by upgrading demand on operational vehicles such as public transport, sanitation, logistics, etc. We anticipate that further support policies to upgrade end-use capacity are expected to be adopted in subsequent locations, leading to the phasing out of State subsidies.
Dee gradually received state subsidies, thus improving the financial chain tension. 2 - The industry chain price remains high, looking for structural opportunities. The whole industry price was relatively stable last week, supported by short-term grabs; according to our research on the terminal chain, some of the models have been substantially increased, and the impact of the fall of the subsidy in the third quarter needs to be hedged. Structural opportunities can focus on low-cost electrolytes, negative poles, and isolation.
The price of the solvent ec in the electrolyte is still rising and the demand for the negative poles is better; Eunje's diaphragm city is expected to continue to rise, and a long-term, larger supply agreement with lig chemistry has recently been concluded.2 The light-voltage industry perspective: 1, the flat-price Internet project is on the ground, and industry trends are clearer.
[Excellent push] is a product of a weekly industry that gathers policy foresight, markets, hot spots, depths of industry, and seeks absolute benefits: the total installed capacity of 20,76 million kW, of which 14,78 million kW are photovoltaic power, is a full reflection of the increase in the end-of-the-price value of photovoltaic manufacturing.
We believe that the expansion of the tap has been gradually released, that the costs of later glimmers are expected to fall, that the industry’s trend towards parity online is clear and favourable.
Two, the industry is in a better upscaling cycle, leading to high prices. According to the Silicon branch, one or two stocks are being pushed by supply and demand. Weekly updates, if stock offers remain unchanged, and the price of silicon for multi-crystal casts continues to rebound steadily, with later attention to the resumption of some of the tons and the overhaul of overseas firms;
The price adjustment fully reflects the continued favourable state of the industry and the supply and demand of the chain.
Relationships change, and we keep looking at leading companies at the upper and upper upper bounds. The market will be significantly overtaken by these stock trends, suggesting less-than-expected developments.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer delivered to Top3 to Tungwee, Aesuk, and Shinku, with the company delivering 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitors. The company reduced the cost of cell processing to 0.3 dollars, thanks to the application of automated equipment and its very high cost control capabilities.
By building on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 components worldwide, and has managed to secure a good cash flow through the sale of zero credit credits.
\triangleright \triangleright
The opening of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.