This week's industry perspective: policy guarantees for smooth oscillations, a clear domestic and foreign resonance, a new energy auto industry perspective: 1; industry chain prices are loose, and the overall increase in prices is expected to continue. In terms of sales, the trend is still in the second quarter.
Better, but additional stimulus is needed in three quarters to keep up the pace of growth. In terms of prices for related products in the industrial chain, we believe that the pressure on prices will continue due to the continued release of capacity and low overall capacity utilization; in the near future, prices for power cells, diaphragms, electrolysis, etc., have been revised downwards, and the battery end has changed considerably, reflecting, to some extent, the marginal variation in the pace of demand growth.
Car companies, such as Gilly, have set up research centres abroad to try to get out. Upstream in the industrial chain, companies like the Ningde era, the billion-latitude lithium energy, etc., have received orders from overseas companies and are further expanding their production capacity; this trend has recently been further confirmed by the collaboration between Enje and lig on the membrane, the collaboration between the State High School and the Indian Tower in the battery field.
2. Perspectives on the photovoltaic sector: 1; policies to further ensure mitigation. A circular issued by the CDRC and the Energy Authority on the establishment of a sound renewable energy power consumption guarantee system, which would be equivalent to a quota system, would open up further space for new energy industry development. With a further decline in the rate of rejection and the advent of the era of peaceful Internet access, the rate of return and cash flow for photovoltaic power plants could be expected to improve.2 Domestic and foreign demand is expected to resonrate, and prices for the industrial chain are expected to increase.
[Excellent push] is a weekly product of industry, gathering policy forwards, markets, and good. In April, the component exports grew by 117% over the previous three months, and the same rate of growth has been growing, instilling greater confidence in the market;
The price of the industrial chain is relatively strong, as measured by tender data; silicon and battery fragments are more intense in terms of market expectations. Developments are lower than expected.
It is suggested that the market be significantly defeated by these stock movements, with a focus on \triangleright shares of the current period (600438).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer delivered to Top3 to Tungwee, Aesuk, and Shinku, with the company delivering 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitors. The company reduced the cost of cell processing to 0.3 dollars, thanks to the application of automated equipment and its very high cost control capabilities.
By building on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 components worldwide, and has managed to secure a good cash flow through the sale of zero credit credits.
\triangleright \triangleright
The opening of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.