This week's industry perspective: the light-voltage policy has landed, the pressure on the industrial chain has yet to be released, the outlook for the new energy automobile industry: 1; pessimism is expected to be repaired, with attention paid to downstream developments.
In the short term, through product upgrading and price reduction, most subsidies can be hedged; and in the long run, the demand for product prices by global drivers for the next few years is consistent with the demand for product prices.
The expected adjustments are only short-term fluctuations, and, more importantly, positive demand factors, such as the points system and market-based operations, are being released. For the industry’s wind-flowing plant, Tesla, which has recently made good progress in China, we need to focus on specific changes in its finances and volume.
But looking at three quarters of supply and demand, overall product prices will continue to shift downward. In the future, there will be opportunities to focus on two types of firms: technological, cost, and model niches, with upgrading and expansion leading to higher value for money for products; and firms that are able to match global demand for new energy automobiles, and non-new energy demand, such as consumer electronics, may be volatile during the low-end period.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy foresight, markets, and views in the photovoltaic sector: 1; industrial policy is in place and domestic demand is down.
In our view, policies are good, and the industry covers the best in the company, with only one issue per issue.
In the second half of the year, domestic demand will be released gradually, and domestic loading will be over; but the overall policy is still to push one to two stocks for the EPP era. In the medium and long term, weekly updates, if stock offers remain constant, will continue to be released with capacity to further strengthen the foundation of the EPI, and we expect that prices for industrial chain products will remain under pressure in May.
For the next three months, we're looking forward to the idea that the dominant patterns, such as the shares of Will and Lungi, have evolved, that their global market share will increase steadily and that attention to the potential for advanced capacity release will significantly outpace the market.
Developments have fallen short of expectations. 3) Impact of electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
This period, Tonway shares (600438), 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, 1st House, Tonway shares (600438).
The company is listed mainly in feed business, and the chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a very strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has its own.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer delivered to Top3 to Tungwee, Aesuk, and Shinku, with the company delivering 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitors. The company reduced the cost of cell processing to 0.3 dollars, thanks to the application of automated equipment and its very high cost control capabilities.
By building on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 components worldwide, and has managed to secure a good cash flow through the sale of zero credit credits.
\triangleright \triangleright
The opening of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.