The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, with net profits of 4.8 - 510 million yuan, an increase of 50 - 60 per cent in the same year, and non-net profits of 4.6 - 490 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 50 - 60 per cent in the same year, slightly exceeding market expectations.
Efficient battery film output release and cost optimization are the main drivers of high q1 performance growth: Chengdu was put into production in January of the year, with the company battery portfolio producing 12gw, of which 3gw polycrystals and 9gw monocrystal perc. The output of battery tablets in one quarter exceeds 2.4gw, with an expected increase of about 60% over the same period.
Indicator and non-silicon costs are further optimized with a ratio of single crystal perc battery to multi-crystal battery unit value 1. " Volume-reduced annual profits are stable, yield is released, do not fall - 24%, -37%, the Māori rate is approximately one-fold higher than the same ratio, reflecting high-efficiency battery capacity. "
In the current market environment, the excess gains highlighted and the cost levels of companies’ large-scale leading industries. 2. Silicon and battery blades lead the way, and the new production of silicon continues to climb, and the profits will rise: the company's new packages at the end of 2018.
At the end of the quarter, the production of silicon material was estimated to have increased nearly threefold, to 7.5-80,000 tons. The production of new silicon material was expected to contribute to the slope phase, the cost level, and the structure of the product (secretary/cane)
Both have not yet reached the desired level, so the profit contribution of q1 is limited, and the profit contribution of the company ' s silicon business is expected to continue as the new product is able to achieve its output by q2, especially given that silicon prices are expected to rebound in the second half of the year after a small fall in q2 prices (as there is little new capacity released in the second half of the year).
Quarter rises, thus sustaining a faster growth in corporate performance from 2019 to 2020. Annual subsidy levels. Power plant developers starting in the second half of last year with large reserves and even pre-work jobs.
At the end of the decline in industry chain prices, product prices are expected to stabilize or even rebound, supported by large-scale domestic demand releases, and industry will probably remain high in the second half of the year and next year.
Localization of domestic policies and their implementation have been less than expected; growth in overseas markets has been less than expected; relevant report rating ratio analysis in the market has been calculated and the final rating has been calculated as an average market investment