This week's industry perspective: the new energy automobile industry approach 1 in the year of photovoltaic: 1; the pull-out end consumption is at its core and the marketization of the industry is on the rise.
Implementation of programmes to support new-energy cars and support to end-users is key to industry development. For pain points such as slow charging, short-range re-entry, safety, etc., it is necessary to work on end-use services. Prior to the phasing out of the subsidy policy, especially in the face of the current year’s downward trend, a combination of national, local, and corporate efforts to tap into consumption potential is needed.
At Ninder’s time as the first supplier of many cars, potential high-quality battery taps, such as Xinwangda, are expected to become a second-sourcer with a better growth space; from real production, it is possible that a recent phase of the 2gwh power cell core project in Boro, Xinwanda Hee County, was successfully produced and delivered in bulk.
2. Perspectives on the photovoltaic industry: One, the monthly loading docking point is approaching, and the plate is worth reconfiguring with certainty over price parity points. The size of the PVs in the country was 5.2gw in the first quarter of 2019, down 46% from the previous period, and the difference in data will continue in the second quarter, but at the end of the second quarter it is likely to be a steady rise (policy landing, distributional, parity projects are starting). From a recent compendium of price parity projects in different parts of the country, the number of installed machines is likely to be higher than expected.
It's a product of industry week, a combination of policy foresight, markets, and the advent of an era of affordable Internet access are also expected to raise industry valuations. 2. The leading firms have a better trend and will continue to enjoy the benefits of the industry.
Continuing to expand production will further boost market ownership at key points and lead to technological advances in the industry. According to a quarterly report, trumped net profits are high.
Developments have fallen short of expectations. 3) The impact of security accidents in electric cars, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc. The market will be significantly overtaken by stock movements, and the emphasis will be placed on matching them.
\triangleright \Triangleright [Excellent Push] Convergence (600438) Sindha Securities Inc.
"cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City."
The company is listed mainly in feed business, and the chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a very strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has its own.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer delivered to Top3 to Tungwee, Aesuk, and Shinku, with the company delivering 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitors. The company reduced the cost of cell processing to 0.3 dollars, thanks to the application of automated equipment and its very high cost control capabilities.
By building on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 components worldwide, and has managed to secure a good cash flow through the sale of zero credit credits.
\triangleright \triangleright
The opening of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.