• Annual report and quarterly evaluation of high-efficiency batteries, with high performance growth over time
Events: Companies issue annual reports for 2018 and a quarterly report with net profits of 201,874.6 million yuan, an increase of 0.51 per cent in the year as a whole. In the first quarter of 2019, the Department achieved operating income of $616,901.32 million, an increase of 18.14 per cent in the year as a result of which the net profits of shareholders in the real division of companies were transferred to the public market.
Silicon production was successful, with a significant reduction in costs. During the reporting period, in response to the rising demand for single crystals in the market, eternal shares continued to intensify their efforts at technology containment, technological innovation, and effectively raised the ratio of single crystals and single crystals to ensure a steady increase in production and a sustained lead in cost.
By the end of the fourth quarter of 2018, the first phase of the project, entitled "50,000 tons of high-purity silicon and associated new energy projects" was put into production, and the company's high-purity silicon production was placed in the top three ranks globally. At the same time as the scale of the growth, new capacity was fully applied to the accumulation of technology over the years.
Total equity/flow (million shares) and scientific research results have resulted in dozens of optimizations and upgrades in terms of advanced process design, system reliability, and production costs will be reduced to 40,000 yuan/tonne.
At the end of the reporting period, Tung Wai-tae Tung-woo (600438) Tung-woo launched a new four-phase project in Chengdu and Myeong-yama, with solar power expected by the end of 2019.
(600438) Performance forecast - Adverse pool size will reach 20gw, further increase industry concentration, and consolidate company growth in solar power, still high and productive.
In terms of components, the Tungwig solar power autonomously developed more than 420w - 2019/01/24 high-efficiency stacked tiles with a maximum power output capacity of 421.9w for 72 plates.
Breaking the world record of the perc component, and obtaining a certification test from the Quality Monitoring Centre for Photovoltaic Products of the State of Chengdu, the conversion efficiency of the component can be as high as 20.7%.
Volt terminals have the unique advantage of resource integration, resulting in an innovative development model of “up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-to-fish” fishing light, which has improved the single operation of conventional photovoltaic power plants and the way they receive benefits, and has expanded the application of photovoltaic technology in conjunction with the company's 365 Healthy Farm Model.
In terms of the cost of investing in photovoltaic power stations, the company has been implementing a “543” cost strategy for years, reducing the amount of photovoltaic power plants per year by less than RM/w through design optimization and technological innovation; 2019 is expected as technology progresses and design options are further optimized.
Reducing costs to within $4.00/w, fully accelerating the pace of affordable Internet access, and promoting industry ownership
The three major industries are moving forward with growth in performance, continuing high-efficiency batteries, growth in performance, and so on.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.