This week's industry perspective: the industry's profits have fallen slowly, and the value of the plates has been highlighted. The idea of the new energy automobile industry is: 1; the policy of subsidies has fallen, the policy of subsidies has fallen, and it will take some time to digest. The new policy of subsidies is in place in the country.
More importantly, the new subsidy policy further boosts the marketization, high-end, globalization, elimination of land supplementation, and gradual replacement of subsidies with market hands, such as the crediting system, are in line with future long-term trends, and we expect high-quality poles to continue to reap the benefits of industrial development.
Services, hydrogen energy, etc., stand-alone support. 2. The price of the industrial chain as a whole is at the bottom this year. There is still a relatively large demand for lower prices for upper-middle materials downstream. In terms of core products, there is still room for falling costs this year with the expansion of leading firms, technological upgrading, and lower prices for raw materials.
In the aftermath of the Jiangsu plant bombing, some solvent manufacturers shut down, and this is a better breakdown of the value of the industry chain. Three, the vanguard company benefits from the loading and attention to the entire global industry chain core. First, we believe that the first half of the year is still in the phase of the new energy car grab, which benefits better than the high-quality dragons like Yadi, which is the industry's weekly product, the collection of policy foresight, the market.
Second, companies in the global core industrial chain will fully enjoy the trend towards the global development of new energy vehicles, near hot spots, deep industries, and further development of firms that pursue absolute benefits, such as triads.
An important reference value for investors. [Excellently] Industry-covering companies outperformed, with only a 2-point, photovoltaic industry perspective: 1; chain-down pressure released; block investment point gradually arrived. Silicon prices fell considerably last week, in part for the reason.
Pushing one or two shares. Weekly updates, if the offer remains the same, follow the psychological fear that the supply is releasing. But on the fundamentals, the price of multiple crystalline silicon has now fallen to the full cost of production in the producing enterprise, and there are 30,000 trace points, with an explanation if the offer changes.
Ton firms plan to move ahead with April-May to ease market supply pressures, and we expect the prices of their products in the second quarter to be better than expected. For the next three months, we think that there has been a certain decline in the prices of multi-crysilica and batteries in the near future, which will further open up the space for affordable Internet access while increasing industry concentration;
In order for these stocks to move significantly over the market, it is proposed that the emphasis be placed on the relative certainty of demand growth in the second half of the industry and the gradual arrival of portfolio investment points.2 With the release of performance margins, the performance of leading firms in the new week is expected to be higher than expected. With the disclosure of the annual and quarterly reports in 2018, the poor performance of the industry in the low-end period has been absorbed by the market.
At the same time, companies such as Central Rings, Chinese shares, etc. are actively increasing their profile and are expected to enjoy the business at a later stage.
The development of House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing has been less than expected. 3) The impact of the electric car safety accident, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new oligopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed a cool hydrogenification energy-saving energy-reducing transformation, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Chains of industry, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages are evident. The company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future with the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, which will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.
According to the report, in 2018, the professional battery film manufacturer sold to Top3 was Tungwee, Aesuk, and Tsang, with more than 4gw, with the company producing 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitor. The company reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w, under the current product price pressure. The company continued to upgrade the battery fragments and components through continuous research and development investment.
Depending on the quality of the quality of the products, the company has established a long-term partnership with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers worldwide, and the sale of zero credit loans has ensured a good cash flow. 5,543 of the strategy has accelerated the process of access to the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
The business development cycle, i.e. the price-free Internet cycle, is expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company. \triangleright, 20190124 shares (600438.sh) Low-end real money, new cycle re-emerging
(b) Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and special skills in exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.