This week's industry perspective: adjustment periods focus on price increases, structural opportunities such as hydrogen energy, 1 for the new energy automobile industry, 1 for the higher prices of upstream products in new energy cars, etc.
There has been a recovery in the price of lithium acid and cobalt, and the associated structural opportunities are evident. The reasons for the increase in prices have been analysed, mainly for changes in the supply side: two major ec production plants, Tebang and Tebán, were stopped as a result of the Jiangsu chemical plant explosion; and the supply of lithium hexafluorate, cobalt, was close to some of the suppliers’ cost lines, with a weak supply willingness. As demand continues to demand a reduction, a steady recovery in overall industrial chain prices will take time.
But the positive change is that demand from overseas is expected to rise gradually and year after year, and that domestic supply capacity continues to increase: the supply agreement between the former Hinwanda and the Lithium industry and the Lenault-based and German public, respectively, is a sign. The new energy automobile industry has developed over a decade, and the country’s supply chain has grown.
We believe that, starting in the second half, we need more global demand to pull the industrial chain.
[Excellent Push] is a weekly industry product that brings together policy perspectives, markets, and thematic opportunities to focus on related firms. Hot spots, industry depths, and the pursuit of absolute benefits.
Investors have an important reference value. 2 The light-voltage industry perspective: 1; the advantage of leading firms is further demonstrated and can be further laid out during the industry adjustment period.
The entire period will be a step forward in the development of the Tungwei, Lungi, Middle Ring, etc. 2 and in the improvement of prices and production capacity. The recent multi-silicon prices are our best for the next three months, and we believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, and we suggest that the emphasis should be on matching them.
From the bottom to the centre, as distributed energy systems develop and demand for efficient photovoltaic products rises, single crystal prices are significantly stronger than crystallines. Developments are lower than expected. 3) The impact of electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
"Cindasecuritiesco.ltd"
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer delivered to Top3 to Tungwee, Aesuk, and Shinku, with the company delivering 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitors. The company reduced the cost of cell processing to 0.3 dollars, thanks to the application of automated equipment and its very high cost control capabilities.
By building on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 components worldwide, and has managed to secure a good cash flow through the sale of zero credit credits.
The strategy has accelerated the process of accessing the Internet at an affordable rate. The next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” downside in the power plant area. For many years, the combined cost of the power station has now been reduced to within $5.w/w/w/w/w in 2019. The company relies on the photovoltaic whole-sector layout, and the power station costs control and quality are better than the industry.
The area involved is 10 million acres, of which 4 million acres are ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at about 110gw, with wide scope for development; these operations are expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow to the company during the next industry development cycle, i.e., a price-free Internet cycle.
The opening of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.