This week's industry perspective: new energy car consumption policy, photovoltage advantage upgrading 1, new energy automobile industry perspective: 1; new energy car consumption stimulus policy, which is expected to result in a significant decrease in hedge subsidies.
The Commission issued the Programme for the Implementation of the Programme for the Promotion of the Upgrading and Revitalization of Resource Recycling for Priority Consumers (2019-2020), which focuses on measures to support the consumption of new energy vehicles, notably: 1) the prohibition of restrictions on the movement of new energy vehicles and their purchase, which should be cancelled; (2) the encouragement of local support for the purchase of the first new home-based energy vehicle by a carless family; and (3) the encouragement of new energy vehicle preferences, including parking fees, where appropriate.
Explore the creation of zero-emissions pilot areas. We believe that 1) the granting of road rights is expected to give some comparative advantage to the consumption of new energy vehicles, especially in specialized vehicles such as logistics cars (according to our industry chain research, there is still a market for electric animal currents after price increases, which is based on urban road rights). 2) Some cities are expected to provide integrated support policies for the use and operation of new energy vehicles, which will further release space for the consumption of new energy vehicles (3).
In May 2019, the country produced 11.11 million new energy cars, an increase of 28.74% over the previous year, and the ring growth of 4.42% over the same period. But when we split the data, we will find that the structure of the industry has changed considerably, with only a small number of businesses like Yadi remaining better off.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy foresight, long market trends. In terms of industry chain prices, major products such as batteries and nuclei have recently been adjusted, and the following three-quarter low markets will be further pressurized, hot spots, deep industries, and the pursuit of absolute returns.
From a business perspective, the leading firms are also looking for breakthroughs in other markets; recent investors, such as Quantico and Hua, have important reference values.
Pushing one or two shares. Weekly updates, if stock offers remain the same, with the view of the photovoltaics industry: 1, silicon and silicon, where the vanity is still relatively good.
The price of single crystal silicon is still on the rise; there is no stock pressure within the silicon-end production company, and the price is stronger. In the lead business movement, the two are the best we've seen for the next three months.
In order for these stocks to move significantly over the market, it is proposed to focus on the 10,000-ton high-purity silicon project, with 30% stake in the project after taking stock, with both parties signing product purchase agreements. 2. In the era of parity, storage capacity and off-sea markets are the focus of attention.
The demand for storage energy will increase: in the near future, China's first surge-backed market between a storage power plant and a centralized photovoltaic power station will be sold by Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
The trade was completed, with a combined conversion efficiency of 81.9%, and this was the first time that China’s domestic storage energy technology had been scaled up in order to promote new energy consumption. The development of the 9th House of the City’s Front Street, in Beijing’s western city, was less than expected.
Convoy shares for the current period (600438) 160438 (2019-06-06) $14.01)
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new oligopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed a cool hydrogenification energy-saving energy-reducing transformation, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Chains of industry, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages are evident. The company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future with the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, which will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.
According to the report, in 2018, the professional battery film manufacturer sold to Top3 was Tungwee, Aesuk, and Tsang, with more than 4gw, with the company producing 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitor. The company reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w, under the current product price pressure. The company continued to upgrade the battery fragments and components through continuous research and development investment.
Based on the quality of high-quality products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers worldwide, and has managed to secure good cash flow through the sale of zero credit loans.
"20190422 Twilight Stock (600438.sh) Recovering the Profitability of Photovoluntage Head, which releases future performance growth " " 20190124 Twilight Stock (600438.sh) Real Gold in the Low Valley, New Cycle Growing " 20188105 Twilight Stock (600438.sh) Head of the New Rushing Cycle, Ahead of Aggregation of Strengths "
Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science and Technology, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advice, which the China Securities Commission has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.