This week's industry perspective: the price of the photovoltaic industry chain has recovered, the advantage of the tap has expanded, the idea of the new energy automobile industry has been expanded: 1; the data for the recovery period is better and the industry is expected to be worse in three quarters.
1041gwh, 45.8% more than in the same year, and 6% more around the ring. Market concentration remains high, leading companies perform well: the Ninder market has a share of 47.3%, and Biadi has a share of 30.9%, with 94% of the top ten. The future pattern of industry is expected to maintain the strong, while a few competing second-line firms, such as Lithium, are expected to increase their market share.
This transition period, which coincides not fully with the transition period in passenger cars, will be conducive to smoothing the year-round new energy vehicles, the light-voltage industry perspective: 1; a steady recovery in industry chain prices and expected rise in industry demand. Recent supply contractions (which are expected to result in a decline in production in May)
More than 20% less) and optimistic expectations of demand drive the price of silicon to rise. According to pvinfolink, overseas demand is still strong, followed by a weekly industry product, a better policy outlook, a better market continuity, and an expected rise in the price of lower-middle- and downstream products.
The hot spots, the depths of the industry, are one, and are of great value to investors seeking absolute returns. Chain research, where silicon, battery, and large-scale silicon production from crystals are now much larger, is expected to become an over-expected factor in the industry.
[Excellent push] The industry-covering company has a winner, with only one round of business feedback, and this year's month's orders have reached last quarter. These peaks are accompanied by technological improvements in the industry, such as a semi-publishing of 1 to 2 stocks. Weekly updates, if stock offers remain the same, follow.
The accelerated application of technologies such as the film will in the future contribute to a better growth in the era of affordable Internet access for industry. The track point, if the stock changes are proposed, will explain the reasons.
In order for these stocks to move significantly over the market, it is proposed to focus less on the development than expected. 3) The impact of, inter alia, electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology.
Cinda Securitiesco.ltd Tungwei shares (600438)
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new oligopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed a cool hydrogenification energy-saving energy-reducing transformation, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Chains of industry, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages are evident. The company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future with the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, which will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.
According to the report, in 2018, the professional battery film manufacturer sold to Top3 was Tungwee, Aesuk, and Tsang, with more than 4gw, with the company producing 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitor. The company reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w, under the current product price pressure. The company continued to upgrade the battery fragments and components through continuous research and development investment.
Based on the quality of its products, the company has established a long-term partnership with nine of the top 10 components of the world, and the sale of zero-credit loans has ensured a good cash flow.
The opening of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.