A strategic partnership agreement between the company and Lungi, with 30% of each other's production capacity, and a maximum of 30% of each other's production capacity.
Low purchasing volume. The company leads the cost of light-voltage manufacturing, and the new capacity will be released in the near future and will continue to expand, with a strategic cooperation agreement signed with Lungi shares to generate 30% of each other’s shares in multi-crysilica and monocrysil silicon production: the company issues an announcement, a strategic cooperation agreement with Lungi Holdings Ltd., and a contractual corporate strategy.
The 15gw single crystal silicon silicon silicon project, which is part of the stock-in-stock Ningxia River, holds 30 per cent of the project. In addition to the 50,000 tons of high-purity silicon project, which is part of the stock-in-stock strategy, the share-in-stock company held 30 per cent of the stock-in-stock project.
The amount of monocrystal silicon silicon silicon that is purchased annually from Lungi's 15gw single-crystal and slice capacity is less than 2.5 times the amount of production capacity, or 3750,000 tons, that is, the sum of 50,000 tons of silicon capacity that Lungi's shares buys each year from the company.
The industrial chain has been developed in tandem with business planning: the company, as the world’s largest solar cell and global top three high-purity silicon producer, will benefit from the signing of this strategic cooperation agreement at both the end of silicon sales and silicon purchase.
Sharing and integration, consistent with the company ' s future business plans, has also had a positive impact on the company ' s performance: after the completion of the multi-crystal silicon and battery silicon expansion project in 2018, the company has an annual production capacity of 80,000 tons of silicon and 12gw battery chips; and, to date,
There is still a built-up capacity for batteries like Chengdu, elms, etc., which is expected to reach 20gw by the end of 2019. The company’s new production costs are industry-led, and sales are expected to remain high at the same time as production expands, building a solid foundation for sustained growth in company performance.
Tungwee shares: Retentional expansion, profitable growth. Photovoltaic industry policy risk; risk of excess production capacity in photovoltaic manufacturing; price volatility of raw material for feed.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Agroforestry and Fisheries: Feeding, Lee Colon.