For the first time, a strong rebound of 02, with a bright lead, a strong rebound of q2 income growth, and a further increase in the rate of Liquefied Milk City.
Company q2 earned $26.876 billion, an increase of 22.5%, and we believe that consumer demand for dairy products in the wake of the epidemic has increased, adding q1 to a massive marketing drive to replenish stocks, resulting in a strong rebound of q2 revenues. In the first half of the year, company revenues from liquid milk/milk and dairy and cold-drinking products were recovered.
In the first half of the year, the company’s priority products (Golden, Ammush, Light, Gold collar) were the same as the company’s usual/low-temperature milk/child formula powder.
+0.8 pct/+0.3 pct/-0.2 pct, with a significant increase in profitability of q2 from pyrolytic/permoderate pure milk/permoderate organic liquid milk, and a projected increase in gross or steady sales throughout the year
With a tendency towards rationality and a recovery in end demand, companies have reduced their sales promotions, while increasing their product structure has contributed to a steady increase in the Māori rate. q2 companies have achieved net profit of 965 million yuan/+72.3 per cent, and both the onset of the season and post-epidemiological health awareness have helped to boost dairy consumption, while it has been small and small.
As of August 19, the average price of milk in our main production area was 3.74 yuan per kilogram, compared to 2.5 per cent in the same year and 0.8 per cent in the ring since 2018.
The price of milk is on the rise, and Eli is expected to have a manageable impact on it by optimizing the structure of the product (high-morigin gold medallion) and improving the structure of the product by increasing its control over the upstream milk. At the same time, in the context of rising costs, industry buys grants for marketing.
It may slow down, and in recent years Eli’s spending has increasingly focused on increasing efficiency, adding up to scale, with expected annual sales rates or steady decreases. Liquid milk prices have been raised in space and new non-milk products have continued to grow.
The epidemic has contributed in part to the shift in milk from optional to optional, the fastest growing milk in the children ' s category at Eliq2 and the rapid growth in July, which will continue to sink the consumption of the three-line and town markets through channels, and the other.
On the other hand, it has continued to optimize its product structure (e.g., high-end white milk gold, new products such as organic nonfat pure milk, constantly enriching the product matrix, raising the income ratio) to drive up the price; Eli last year launched three low-temperature milk products, with a high rate of growth in low-temperature white milk income during the epidemic, and the company will take it with it.
In the past year, gold crowns introduced high-end organic milk powders such as "Serna Herds" and "Littles for Goats" and improved milk powders and prices.
In the second half of the year, it will upgrade the whole range of products, such as basics, treasures, care, and care. The company aims to create an integrated healthy foods group, (1) the cheese industry: C-end child cheese products have grown nearly sixfold in the first half of the year and have been launched.
New products such as Xia Chi's bag of adult cheese sticks, b's official entry into the professional dairy field, offering products such as light cream, butter and masoulira cheese to customers such as baking, drinking and catering; (2) the Healthy Drinks Department, `Azan', introduced milk bubbles, and went into the air bubble.
Market responses are good; the “planting” of 6.0 g of high-protein milk series, with new brands of plant milk. Future milk beverages, cheese, packaged drinking water, etc., are expected to add to the company’s performance. o2, with income + 23%, net profit + 72%, attesting to the company’s rapid response.
Power and good operational management, and the negative market share of liquid milk. We see companies as creating the long-term growth potential of the industry’s leading players and expanding the business landscape. For the first time, coverage is given, with an “enhanced” rating.
The author, with the qualifications of a securities investment advisory or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author’s research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.