Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco reported: slightly higher income than expected and higher net profit than expected: company disclosures reported a gross operating income of $4,758 million for 2020h, an increase of 5.45 per cent;
I. Revenues are slightly higher than expected, regular liquid milk meets expectations, milk powder is higher than expected 16.88 per cent, except for low-temperature acid growth and slow drag, and it can be assumed that regular liquid milk returns should increase slightly faster than sales-calibre revenues, in line with our previous statement end of the quarter.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and sales-end misallocation. As the end of the statement and the end of the sale are gradually synchronized, and in conjunction with sales trends in July and August, the constant temperature liquid milk q3 and the second half of the year continue to grow at a high rate of 15% +
In the subregion, North China and the rest of the region are growing 3-4 pcts more rapidly than South China.
Mainly related to the regional product structure, there is a better demand for side-screening of white milk products, with a better share of Piti Ely (600887), the positive contribution to the Māori rate as well. The trend will be judged to continue, driving the harvest.
Quickening noise, accelerating the recovery of the market, and next year's performance elasticity, increasing the convergence of revenue and profitability.
The growth of 85.66 per cent in milk powder in the second quarter alone is an important reason for the higher-than-expected income of the main business, which will be judged by the increased strategic position of the milk industry and the faster expansion of the future milk industry, as regular fluid milk support increases faster.
-2019/10/31 The growth will continue at a rapid pace.
After the epidemic, with a marked increase in demand for white milk and an improvement in the sales environment (the price battle for high-end white milk started last May) the cost of sales is clear when income rises high.
A marked improvement, a widening of the spread of gross sales, and a significant increase in net profits. Sales rates have fallen, while confirming better end-of-service sales and the return to benign channels, Ily shares have reported a slightly higher than expected revenue and a higher than expected net profit.
Stock, on the other hand, reflects the company’s ability to adjust to and recover from sudden events. Current sales trends suggest a higher incidence of tight white milk in the second half of the year, an overall easing in the market environment, and a potential for further improvement in the cost of sales.
As a result of the share and impact of equity incentive costs, management costs increased by 10.56% in the first half of the year over and above the revenue share of the last half of the year and the current good sales trend, the target of 100 billion dollars in gross operating income could be achieved this year.
In view of the trend toward higher expectations and cost improvements, we believe that there is a significant increase in hopes of achieving equity incentives and unblocking conditions throughout the year. Income certainty increases, and performance increases are one step above the median.
The impact of the epidemic on channels has been largely eliminated, and the epidemic has had a long-term, far-reaching effect on the demand for white milk products. The current downfall of Eli's fluid channels has returned to normal, with milk powder folded, high growth in volume, and other industries' layout and growth, and we maintain it.
The previous judgement: Ely’s income continued to grow at a high rate over the next 2-3 years, with the city’s share rising continuously, and the net interest rate ring improving quarterly: looking at performance elasticity in the second half of the year and next quarter. The ps valuation was about 34 times, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Eli's shares are reported to be slightly higher than expected in terms of revenue, higher net profit than expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report