Shinji Mountain Billion, performance supermarkets are expected, profitability is expected to increase, performance supermarkets are expected, and leadership is expected to grow. Companies achieve business income by 2020h1.
4.7344 billion yuan, representing an increase of 529 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 1.2 per cent in the mother ' s net profit, a net profit of 2,592 million yuan, an increase of 72.28 per cent in the same year, and a significant improvement in the performance of the second quarter.
Market data: 28 August 2020, in which “Golden” “Anmush” “Fighty” “gold crowns” and “Charlotts” were sold, revenues increased by 3.6 per cent over the year.
According to Nelson Zero data, the market share of the company ' s constant-temperature liquid milk business/low-temperature liquid milk business/baby formula powder is equal to the market share of +0.8 pct/+0.3 pct/-0.2 pct, respectively. 3) The Ministry of Finance is committed to implementing innovative-driven development strategies and is active in the area of health, 2020h1
The company ' s net profit on sales of 2020h1 was 7.94%, a decrease of 0.51 pct (9.69% for q2, a decrease of +2.77 pct), specifically: the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities such as super-short-term vouchers and short-term borrowings for the current period was higher than in the same period of the previous year, resulting in the following:
In addition, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 3,722 million yuan, or 1.15 per cent less in the same year, representing a net decrease in sales of commodities, as a result of the decline in liabilities under the current contract.
In Beijing, the 7th floor of the Central Sea Center, 28 San Lixi Street in Beijing, needs are restored and competition eased, and performance elasticity is expected to continue to be released.
The company plans to realize a gross operating income of $97 billion and a total profit of $6.1 billion in 2020. Three quarters is the traditional mid-autumn season, with low pipeline stock and q3 is expected to continue for the next two quarters.
Good and, at the same time, there is little probability of competition worsening under greater external pressure in the dairy industry, so profitability is expected to increase continuously and the target is achievable throughout the year. > Corporate performance in the second quarter of the year has improved significantly, looking forward to the second half of the year, and end sales are almost back.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will I.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.