The ring ratio has improved significantly, and the performance of q2 has improved significantly, with revenue from light-loading. 20h1 has achieved 47.528 billion yuan (+5.5 per cent), of which 20q2 has achieved $26.876 billion (+22.5 per cent), of which q2 sales/structural upgrades have been achieved.
For example, the revenue from key products such as gold fairies, Ammushi, light, gold crowns and ceremonials increased by 3.6 per cent, the cost of the first half of the year did not increase significantly, the pace of new product promotion slowed down during the same period last year.
New products such as yogurt. 2) By region, 201 watt/South China/other regions have received the same amount of revenue, increasing the contribution of overseas South-East Asia and New Zealand markets. Caddy data show that, as of June, Ili's liquid milk market penetration rate was 84.2% (+0.3 ptt), and the web site layout continued to be deep.
3) Sub-channels: 20h1 distributors/direct channels generated $455.5 billion, or +5.8%, respectively, of which commercial super-channels benefited from a higher direct-camp system during the epidemic.
In addition, the cost of original q2 milk is almost equal to Mäori 2, The Ely Shares (600887); cost
Controls continue to be validated, and the comfortable drinking layout holds a steady 16.6% share, further enhancing upstream synergies. Foresight h2 anticipates that the high demand for the end will lead to a slight increase in the temperature and temperature of the original milk, but the company’s control over the original milk continues to improve, and the costs are still manageable.
The Bureau optimized +q1 by increasing its efforts to clean up pipeline stocks, while H1 terminal promotion staff inputs were not significantly increased. 2019-08-30 continues to improve, and companies can reasonably lower their cost through efficiency gains. 20h1 tubes
Cost management rate (including R & D) of 4.9% (+0.2pct), with an increase of 230 million yuan in employee remuneration, mainly for equity incentives, while management and core business staff bind interests, enhance momentum, and have flat cost rates. Overall, 20h1 achieves a net return to the mother of 3,735 million yuan (-1.2%),
q2 achieved a net return to the mother of 2,592 million yuan (+72.3%) and performed better than expected. Quantities are healthy, with hundreds of billions of years of savings. Products: new products for testing water have increased sku, qq-child formulas have been introduced by the milk department of the 20h1 company, qq-child formulas have been introduced by the Quantour department, Quantage has been introduced by the Quantico industry, sugar-free milk has been developed, and the Cheese Department has introduced 2c to locate the white-collar woman's Xiaobing Shun Cheshi.
In addition, westland cheese, butter, and other products purchased are expected to strengthen the company’s 2b end layout. Team: Since its inception, the Ministry of Restaurant/Cancery has been active in forming an excellent operating team to recruit managers with experience in cheese and drink operations to lay the foundation for long-term growth.