Overperformance, corporate leadership and profitability will continue to increase - The Ili stock (600,887) event: the company released its mid-2020 report and realized operating income of 47,528 million yuan in the first half of 2020.
This represents an increase of 5.45 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the parent company was 3,735 million yuan, a decrease of 1.2 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the parent company was 3,766 million yuan, an increase of 7.02 per cent in the same year.
The growth in corporate performance in the second quarter was evident from the one-quarter round, and we believe that it was mainly due to the benefits of consumer health concerns, which continued to grow from 3.6 per cent in the first half of 2020 to 3.6 per cent in the first half of 2020, and continued penetration through channels, with the market penetration rate of company-specific liquid milk in the first half of the year.
84.2 per cent of Ouyang Woo swords, an increase of 0.3 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, and 49 per cent increase in revenue from electricity suppliers ' businesses over the same period in the previous year, as a result of growth in priority products, the company ' s Māori rate in the first half of the year was 38.17 per cent, a decrease of 0.41 percentage points from the previous year.
The profit-making track was excellent, with a sales cost of 22.75 per cent in the second quarter of 2020, a drop of 2.5 cents in the same year. Industry leaders will continue to benefit. The price of domestic milk purchases of raw materials will continue to rise in May 2020, from 3.56 yuan/kg in May.
The rise to $3.74/kg, coupled with the impact of trade frictions, exchange rate fluctuations, and external epidemics in China and the United States, has increased uncertainty about the development of dairy enterprises. Against this background, overall corporate competition will continue to benefit from rising costs in the past.
The epidemic has had a short-term impact on the company's operations, but the company has formed a larger competitive advantage in brands, products, channels, and the firm's strong recovery in the second quarter, as it continues to do in the future.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the cost of the industry continues to rise, competition in the industry slows down, corporate leadership and profitability will continue to grow.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.