The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreation Studies published its semi-annual report for 2020 on 27 August, which achieved operating income of 47.34 billion yuan, or 5.3 per cent, for the reporting period; net profit of 3.74 billion yuan, or 1.2 per cent, for the return to the mother; and net profit of non-return to the mother.
+79.3 per cent compared to the previous period, and performance significantly exceeded market expectations. q2 business income per year +22.4 per cent compared to the second quarter improved significantly, with: 1) liquid milk q1 being affected by the epidemic at the same rate of 19.0 per cent, q2 being accompanied by demand recovery + end sales, revenue promotions, etc.
End recovery is clear, with the same ratio +16.9% expected to be dominated by gold medals, and Ammush, two monolithic pulls. According to Nelson, the company’s share in the break-down market for machine milk and pyrolytic milk increased by 4.0 pct and 3.2 pct in the first half of the year, and the disease’s long-term risk resistance was highlighted and the share accelerated.
1. “The epidemic affects short-term performance and the future is still well established. Westland is showing an increase in contributions, while the cheese business is gaining momentum.
In the first half of the year, the ratio was +13.2 per cent, with higher growth expected for priority products such as Cylontz. 4) The company continues to push out new products, and new products such as blisters and soy milk have been placed on the market during the reporting period, contributing to income gains. Product structures continue to be optimized, costs are better regulated, and profit-end rings have improved significantly.
3. " Short-term slowdown without changing long-term upward stance, full Māori ratio of 38.2%, same ratio of -0.4 ptt (the epidemic affects high end product sales plus grant promotion increases leading to a 0.9 ptt decrease in the Māori rate of liquid breast milk, while westland also shows an impact on the Māori rate of milk powder operations)
q2 Māori achieved 38.7%, compared to +1.6pt, with a marked improvement in the ring ratio, mainly due to a significant recovery in the proportion of high-end products. Sales cost ranged from -0.8 pt to 23.8% in the first half of the year, of which q2 was equal to -0.5 ptt to 7.9% in the first half of the year, and q2 benefited from Māori rate improvement and cost control.
Business recovery since q2 is over-expected, with hundreds of billions worth of dollars expected throughout the year. The impact of the epidemic on companies is short-term, and q2 begins with a marked improvement in both income and profits, reflecting a strong risk response capacity, and industry concentration is expected to increase further. In July and August, end-of-life sales are better, and we expect income for the second half of the year.
In addition, in the first half of the year, we expected that the profit targets of this year’s equity incentive would be met, further boosting market confidence. Profit forecasts: corporate q2 profits performed significantly more than we had expected, so we raised the annual surplus.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment