Ely shares 2q with over-expected earnings and a return of hundreds of billions of dollars in confidence. Ely shares reported in report 1h20: 47.530 billion dollars in revenue earned by the company + 5.5 per cent per annum; net return to the mother.
3.74 billion lubricant, corresponding to -1.2 per cent; 3.52 billion net profit, plus 7.0 per cent; eps 0.61 yuan. Of this amount, $2.4 billion net profit, equal to +79.3 per cent; eps 0.43 yuan. Performance is over-expected. Product structural upgrading has had a significant effect, with good growth in milk powder and dairy products, and a steady increase in the share of warm milk markets.
In the first half of the year, the main business of Eli was 47.08 billion yuan, or 5.0 per cent more. (1) In terms of operations, 2 per cent (1q/2q - 19 per cent/+17 per cent) of liquid milk was mainly due to restructuring of products.
The main increase in the core single contribution was the first half of the year, when revenues from the sale of priority products such as the Golden Book “Anmush” “gold crown” and “Charlotts” were higher than the previous year's +3.6 per cent of the demand for gifts in the first quarter of the epidemic, with the high end products falling more sharply, and we judged that the high end product growth loops were significantly better than in the second quarter.
Milk powder and dairy products +52 per cent (+27 per cent/+86 per cent) show a significant increase in sales, owing to healthy growth of good quality on the one hand, and the western New Zealand dairy industry on the other; cold drinks are growing at a rate of +13 per cent (+21 per cent/+9 per cent) respectively. (2) The market for regular-temperature acid and regular-temperature organic liquid milk has increased considerably. Nelson zero.
Research data show that the share of regular-temperature liquid milk sales +0.8 pct, of which the market share of regular-temperature-acid milk, regular-temperature pure milk, regular-temperature organic milk is +3.2 pct, +0.4 pct, +4.0 pct, low-temperature liquid milk market + 0.3 pct, infant formula powder-0.2 pct, respectively.
Bright, +49 per cent over the same period, with significant results, mainly from sales on platforms such as 618. 2q sales cost rates dropped significantly and profit performance in the single quarter. (1) Company 1h20 Mäori rate was 38.2 per cent, compared to 0.4 pct, of which 2q20 Mäori rate was 38.7 per cent, compared to +1.6 pct, which we believe is the main reason.
Medium-loading costs as a percentage of flat, advertising and marketing costs are down 0.5 pct, with cost efficiency improvements; management costs are 4.5 per cent, compared to +0.2 pc, mainly due to increases in equity incentives in the current period; R & D costs are equal and financial costs are +0.5 pct, respectively. (3) 2q20 profit performance is bright and company 1 h20 is net.
(iv) The company receives a government subsidy of $518 million, which increases profits to some extent, taking into account a non-recurrent gain or loss of $416 million. Off-the-shelf income and expenditure - $420 million - makes the net profit increase almost equal to the net return profit.
The first half of the year was marked by improvements in the company’s structure and better cost control, so we raised the previous profit forecast, the one-time impact of the epidemic in the annual Ely Stock Exchange Report, the recurrent epidemic, the sharp increase in competition in the industry, and the significant increase in the cost of raw materials.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: food processing