It's a long-term mechanism for targeting core talent, demonstrating long-term development beliefs, and issuing a draft Long-Term Service Plan designed to strengthen corporate and employee interests over the long term.
The duration is 20 years from the date of adoption of the review and is applied for in each year. The purpose of the long-term service plan is to target the core talent for long-term service with long-term effectiveness, with funding from its own funds, and with a 20-year extension. The purpose of the present draft is: (1) to apply for the right to retire.
Eli Stock Exchange Incident Review, which strengthens the long-term binding of corporate and employee interests and ensures that employees consciously promote continuous corporate growth, benefit-sharing and risk-sharing; and (2) further improve staff remuneration systems and respond positively to targets
Strong competition for talent to encourage core talent to take a long-term root in the service of the company; (3) Further enhancing the cohesion and competitiveness of the company’s staff, attracting a wider pool of talented outsiders, and promoting long-term, sustained and healthy development of the company.
The amount of legal remuneration and bonuses, including but not limited to end-of-year awards, over-value awards and awards, and employee self-financing), shares are purchased through the market value of the secondary market, and long-term service schemes are covered by the company’s non-public distribution of shares, share allocation, transhipment, etc. In addition, shares are purchased through the secondary market.
In the case of a long-term service plan lock, which is fixed for a period of 12 months from the date of registration of the stock subject to the company ' s public announcement until the date of the current plan; the period of renewal is 20 years from the date of adoption of the review and is implemented once a year, with periods of long-term service plans being established on a rolling basis, independent of each other, and subject to a Board of Directors resolution after the expiration of the period of service
Extension; right to apply for an interest on retirement. As can be seen from the draft, the plan is designed to promote the future of the enterprise through a series of long-term mechanisms designed to bring the interests of the enterprise, its employees and its shareholders closer together and to enhance the cohesion of its employees and the competitiveness of the enterprise.
Long-term, sustained, and healthy development.” Multiple employee holding plans are steadily moving forward, with equity incentives still expected to be achieved in the event of an epidemic.
The stockholding plan is implemented in 10 phases, i.e., from 2014 to 2023, the third period of the employee holding plan has been sold; the sixth period of the employee holding plan has been closed. (2) Equity incentives: on 30 September 2019, a new round of shares in the Ili stock was introduced.
Incentive programs have completed the granting of restricted stock registers and distributed 152,428,000 restricted shares to incentive recipients. The equity incentive programs have targeted the increase in non-net profits in 2019 on a 2018 basis.
Performance and sales recovery, with faster growth expected in the second half of the year, and equity incentive targets expected to be met. The company’s improved structure in the first half of the year was clearly effective, cost controls were better, and we maintained the previous profit forecast, the "Eli Stocktake" 2q profit margin was higher than expected.
The Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. has experienced repeated outbreaks, increased competition in the industry and a significant increase in the cost of raw materials.
Food beverages: food processing Chart 2. Performance evaluation targets for a new round of equity incentives for Ely shares, based on which values for the impact of the cost of this and other incentive schemes are excluded as a basis for calculation