Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Corporate performance growth in the first quarter is largely due to increased product sales and lower cost. • Indonesian nickel resource construction is steadily under way and global resource layout continues to progress
So far, the company has completed a 60,000-ton wetland project in Indonesia, a 45,000-year-old high-ice nickel project in China, a comparison of the company's prices with the 300-year-old wet-water project in China, and the acquisition of a 245,000-year-old fire project.
In addition, the company’s 1.2 million tons of nickel metal permalaa wet technology project, in collaboration with the fresh water valley Indonesia and Ford Motors, has started construction; and the Sorowako wet technology project, in collaboration with the freshwater valley Indonesia, has been prepared to produce 60,000 tons of nickel per year.
In the reporting period, the company has been involved in five mines: wbn, scm, ajb, wkm, and tms, with the fresh water valley, with the Pomalaa project and the sole-source mining of the sorowako project, which has provided a solid foundation for the company ' s nickel cobalt refining project.
The company established a mining, mineral extraction and cobalt copper smelting system in the main mining areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and established an integrated cobalt-copper resource development system, with an investment arrangement in Zimbabwe to build productive capacity for the arcadia lithium downstream lithium electric material.
In Indonesia, the company’s 50,000-ton nickel sulphate project was completed, and the 50,000-ton pre-sulphate drive was delivered in bulk during the first quarter of this year; the 66,000-ton turtle tail material project, in collaboration with lig, was partially produced; and Hungary’s 25,000-ton phase of the positive material project was carried out in an orderly manner.
The core suppliers of the new energy lithium-materials industry, whose products have been applied on a large scale to Tesla, the general population, BMW, modernity, stellantis, General and Fulgent International high-end automobile chains, are expected to be rapidly released, given the well-developed upstream resource layout of the company.
The company ' s new production capacity was not built as expected; prices of raw materials were volatile as expected; downstream demand was not growing as expected, and industry competition intensified.1 The 24-year q3 rating of the Chinese-American cobalt industry: q3
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information that is legally compliant, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.