The annual report of the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry has increased its performance, and the advantages of integration have been shown.
Deepening the global layout and increasing synergies in the industrial chain to sustain the increase in ratings. Performance was impressive in the first quarter of 2024 and 2025: companies issued annual reports in 2024, in the first quarter of 2025, and companies achieved revenues of $17,842 million in one quarter, an increase of 19.24 per cent; returns
The net profit of the mother was 1,252 million yuan, an increase of 139.68 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-mortality was 1,227 million yuan, with the same increase in the output of nickel products: in 2024, the volume of the company ' s pre-gent-diagnosic drive of lithium was over 120,000 tons (including pre-trimers and cobalt-tetraoxide, including internal supplies) and the volume of material from the positive pole was over 90,000 tons.
With the company ' s initiative to reduce some of the low-profit products and optimize the product structure, the volume of lithium-electric materials delivered decreased compared to the same period in the previous year. The volume of cobalt-based products exported was about 468 million tons of metal (including internal self-supply), an increase of 13.18 per cent over the same year, and nickel products exported about the same amount.
Deepening the global layout and increasing synergies in the industrial chain: the resource end company has a total production capacity of approximately 245,000 tons (metal volume) of nickel intermediates, and the Pomalaa and sorowako wet-water projects in Indonesia are proceeding in sequence, which will further strengthen the company’s advantages in the development of cobalt nickel resources once the project is completed.
In terms of resources, the company has established a mining, mineral extraction, cobalt copper smelting system in the main mining areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, integrated cobalt copper resource development, and has invested in the rcadia lithium mine in Zimbabwe to complete the lithium resource short-line. Lithium electric material end, the company's 50,000 tons of sulphuric acid nickel in Huahua, Indonesia.
By the end of the year, China’s energy-rich pre-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-year project, which was completed, the company’s overall competitiveness is expected to increase through efficient industrial synergy.
In conjunction with the company's annual and quarterly reports, taking into account the progressive release of the company's nickel smelting capacity, nickel products are exported using the market price of 29 April 2025 as the standard for new energy vehicles and 3c batteries, and the global mining and release of cobalt and nickel is at a slower rate than expected.
Anticipated; overpredicted price competition; overseas operations and exchange rate risk.