The Renaissance Agenda is entering its second phase, looking at the full-scale development - the Shanxi Wine (600809.sh) incident review report, which was held on 2 December 2024 at the Global Marketing Congress 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn — Development transition and management upgrade, first phase of rehabilitation successfully completed product aspects. By the end of October 2024, the company had completed its 2023 annual battalion
(b) In the case of distributors, the optimization mechanism has been continuously strengthened, with a sales scale of 2022-2024,1 through the introduction of a profit-sharing model for the best interests of the public, and the creation of a new data management department, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The Ministry of Planning, the Department of Cyanhua Liquor, the Department of Product Research and Development, and the Ministry of Retiree Control built 14 core cities and carried out more than 700 in-country diagnostic activities.
In 2025, the company will enter phase II of the Renaissance Agenda: 1) One objective, to create a brand of wine with global reach; 2) Two practices, to deepen the implementation of the Renaissance Programme and the strategic deployment of justice, science, development focus and empowerment;
3) Together, the channel is confident and confident, with a strong product matrix built around brand values. The company released a 26-year-old Saffron revival, with an end-directorial price of $718 per bottle, with a $500-800 price band, and a 30-year combination of Saffron.
30 series, covering consumption needs. 4) Four-dimensional breakthroughs, the Bounty series, the Old White Book series, the 20 series, and the 30 series of Saffrons, all of which have achieved the goal of 10 billion. 5) Five-dimensional support, culture, technology, change, organization, implementation.
1 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance is a three-fold focus on nationalization, rejuvenation and internationalization.
2 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Production of three main priorities: 1) Nationalization 2.0. The company has achieved a Shanxi market unit, with short-term adjustments and a steady increase in the first half of the year.
The ratio of nationalization to the out-of-provincial structure remained at 4:6; the second phase of the plan was based on ring 3, " Shanxi wine " (600809); the cashine market was a unit, with a ratio of revenue to other provincial regional markets reaching 4:30 per cent.
(b) To create a new national gold segment. (b) Young 1.0, more than 50 per cent of the cost of digestion was purchased after 80 and 90 years, whereas previously it was mainly from the market.
1.0. Increased internationalization in recent years to strengthen overseas outreach has not yet resulted in a complete integrated approach, with work on version 1.0 starting in 2025.
Head growth, full price-coated product rotation, sustained performance growth, channel models, macroeconomic downside risks, 20 less than expected growth in Saffron, less than expected, 30 less than expected, and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, are good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep market-based thinking and insight into Sou wine, which is sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of study in the food and beverage industry, Hong Kong Chinese University, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.