Sancie food beverages (60809), 24q3 performances in line with expectations, smooth sales continuity, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: 3-quarterly reports issued by companies in 2024, yielding revenue of $31.36 billion in the first three quarters, i.e. +17.2 per cent, net profit to mothers of $11.35 billion, i.e. +20.3 per cent; of which single q3 achieved revenue of $8.61 billion, i.e. steady growth in the Qinghua series, and double-wheel drive in and out of the province.
The company relies on strong brand power and channel thrust, and core monolithic sales, such as sunflowers and bobbles, show good performance, contributing to high-quality growth above double-digit growth at three quarters of revenue, and growing resilience.
As a whole, Panama and the old white system in the waist have grown faster, continuing the trend of steady release in the first half of the year. In the three subregions, income of 3.51 billion yuan has been achieved in the provinces of single q3, compared to 12.1 per cent, and emerging markets such as the long triangle and the pearl triangle have led to growth.
• Overall profitability is stable, and sales and sales performance is excellent. 1. The Māori ratio of company single q3 fell by 0.8 percentage points to 74.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and is expected to grow faster, mainly as a result of waist products and common white wine, with a lower product structure of 34.1 per cent and a more stable overall profitability.3 In cash flow, single q3 sales received $8.56 billion.
+30.8% of the same year, the contract liability at the end of the third quarter was $5.48 billion, the same year + 6.0%, the ring ratio - 4.4%, cash flow, the ability to continue with a robust growth period. 1 - The company actively explored marketing innovations in the first three quarters, continuously perfecting the “bride for the good” coding system, achieving plant-business-consumer closure and significantly improving end-profit capacity.
There is a substantial improvement in the quality of the channels, and there is a steady increase in the level of acceptance of the liquor terminals.
The matrix is comprehensive and the core monolithic is strong enough to maximize downward pressure on external demand.
RMB, which corresponds to dynamic pe by 20 times, 17 times, and 15 times, respectively. The branding of the gin is a steady release, the product matrix is a little more flowery, the company’s ability to grow over the long term, and the ‘buy-in’ rating is maintained.
Active preparation of two seasons of war (2024-08-29) 2. Shanxi wine (60809): 23 years of abstinence, not due to, not due to, and not directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.