Steady progress, focused on high-quality development \triangleright balanced and robust base market. High-priced white wine in 24q3.
\triangleright, Wangye, the company has taken the initiative to control the Cinderella Series, to release the pressure for the channel, to increase marketing for the Cinderella Series for three quarters.
At the same time, the company, in an attempt to capture its waist and its public price demand, has steadily pushed the growth and downfall of the old white market, which continues its q2 trend with a moderate amount of q2.
The demand environment is characterized by a balanced mix of corporate products, reflecting a strong resilience to risk. Subregionally, 24q3 internal channels are managed, with Shanxi markets showing greater resilience as the back end of the company, while companies continue to refine the core market south of the Yangtze River, and the process of nationalization progresses steadily.
\triangleright, semi-annual review: adjusting the rhythm throughout the year, structure, 24-year quarterly review: 23 years of successful withdrawal, 24 years of service
Focus on high-quality development, long-term growth logic is strong. Companies insist on high-quality development, product-end \triangleright : q2 high profit growth - 2023/08/
With four main monolithic resources around different prices, and with solid organizational management and professionalization, the regional end optimizes the market layout, improves the coverage and depth of the three main markets: the Grand Base, the East and the South China; and the first quarter of the year of the year, 023: 23q1 is open and secure.
Quality development - 2023/05/07 Controls. The company's glorification model has gradually become effective since this year and is expected to be further refined in the light of local adaptations.
5. Shanxi Wine (60809.sh) event review: 2022 was optimized. The logic of growth in medium- and long-term companies was solid, and we looked forward to the continued nationalization of the subsequent series of sunflowers, the production of products, the methodological and analytical logic leading to the conclusions of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.