• Events of December 04, 2024: the company recently convened an annual marketing conference to plan for the second phase of the revitalization programme;
The product and regional layout directions were presented; 600-bit singles, "Cyanflowers 26 Rejuvenations", were re-published, with a high end guide price of $718.
The marketing innovation hoof is steady, with channels combed or optimized in all the provinces and districts of the country, a few hundred times in the region, and other creative products and cultural marketing continue to be innovative. At the same time, 24q3 companies adjust their growth requirements and delivery pace in a timely manner, based on a 24h1 surge in leadership, according to distributors.
The General Assembly described that, as of 24m10, the company’s brooms, old whites, and bozos had been collected in 2023, and 2404 had been shut down and their channels had become more benign. With the return of rum in 2025, a favourable basis had been created; and a new transformation of rum had been upgraded in 2027-30.
Acre production and product prices have been increased. In 2025, “stability prevailed”, with brand values raised as a primary objective, and plans are under way to create a high level of innovation for brand brands by strengthening cultural innovation, opening experience centres, promoting cultural pips, etc.
The company plans for the development of three major brands: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ., , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
"Sangsi Liquor" (600809), 2024q3 performance point, structured in a way that favours the development of the rejuvenation group.
Single, the main growth point for the second phase of the rejuvenation programme, has set up a project team to target, expand and enhance the marketing of resources. 3 Saffron 20 is the best channel to build national commerce, with wine leading singles. 4 is 30 and focuses on the core market, precisely breaking through the core conglomerates; 26 is the best.
Shanxi Leaf (600809), mid-2024, combined with 30-year-olds, is expected to adapt flexibly to sub-high-end and high-end demand fluctuations.
Focusing on the drinking market for aging and rejuvenation, it is organized around functionalization and fashion. 3) The village of almonds is located in the second bottle of wine, starting with positioning, prices and brand identity, with a nationalized layout for 2025-26, and a breakthrough for nationalization for 2027-30.
• Nationalization is on the top of the stairs, the amount of internal control is added in the provinces, and the extra-provincial dimension is upgraded. With the company's revenue in the provinces and out of the provinces reaching a ratio of 4:6 million dollars, the provincial market in the provinces averaged more than $600 million, the National Directorate of Chemicals is planning to move to phase 2.0: the market around the mountains is used as the starting point for the “round of red days and five stars”
Markets, hoping to build a new 4:6 ratio with other provincial regions, will re-establish and upgrade all elements of culture, products, prices, channels, services, management, etc. 1) Intra-provincial market controls will add value.
The public feast has been upgraded from Bo to the old white products; in the future, the share of the province has reached about 80 per cent, and it has been set to continue to be healthy and sustainable and to provide the provinces with the experience of mature markets for high-end, ultra-high-end products. 2) Out-of-provincial market expansion: sales from the company's market around Shanxi in 2024 will continue to move.
Strong, high-priced products have a better basis, and future market sales of kerosene in Henan, Shandong, and other markets have created additional opportunities to raise the share of Qing. The 1 billion-grade market is now emerging in the remote provinces, with the construction of the terminal gradually opening, and the “Handings” has helped to strengthen management effectiveness in a timely manner.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the company distributors’ congresses are pragmatically set, marketing in the country’s provinces and districts is steady, and the pace of command is determined. Given the demand-pressure situation, we adjust.
Figure 1: The first global launch of the 26th Renaissance, Figure 2: Breaking through and incubation of the wine products, with positive results.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.