On October 30, 2024, Shanxi Wine published the three-quarterly 2024 newspaper, Sonsss@cfsc.com.cn
▪ Performance meets expectations and maintains resilience due to increased cash recovery from discounts on currency bills; sales refunds are adjusted to meet industry needs
The monthly growth rate is expected to be at the same rate as that of the company as a whole.
High-end price belt cores, growing faster than the Saffron series as a whole; Panama White 3, Shanxi Liquor (60809): branding channels, price belts adapted to industry trends, projected to increase by 20 per cent in January-September
Dodds are solid, product rotational, stage; bodium value ratios are high on brands, and the first three quarters are growing slightly faster than the whole. The company is expected to form a "four-wheel-drive" product series in the future.
Specialized staffing and operational promotion of the same series of products.  Steady growth in the province, with 4368 long-term distributors outside the province, an increase of 428 compared to the beginning of 2024.
We have a long-standing interest in the company's ability to lead the vanity of the fragrance with the vanity of the vanity, the growth of the head, the steady growth in the rotation of full-priced products, and the improved efficiency of the channels following the reform of the channel model. According to the three-quarters report, we have slightly adjusted the company's performance.
The macroeconomic downside risks, the 20-percent growth of the Saffron, the pace of the gift, the 30-pack price recovery of the Saffron, etc., were not as high as expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.