Performance rating for 2024q3: Quantities to be met, command to be determined 31 October 2024
▪ Events: The company published three-quarterly reports in 2024. The first three quarters realized a revenue of $31.36 billion, an increase of 11.4%; the mother's net gain of $2.94 billion, an increase of 10.4%; the q3 income-end rhythm is controlled.
The same increase in corporate alcohol revenues in the first three quarters of 2024 reflects a shift from expanding remittance flows in the corporate outlying markets, mainly south of the Yangtze River, to a robust base phase in which firming companies do not act as a means of ensuring price stability and channel confidence.
Do. The 24q3 company out-of-street repayment arrangements have been slightly relaxed, with a corresponding rate of income growth falling to 12.1 per cent in a single season (21.4 per cent on a cumulative basis); the market in the provincial main battalion has remained stable, with steady growth around double-digit numbers throughout the year; the product structure of the company has been repaired somewhat over the q2 season, with comparative growth rates estimated for saffrons, waist, and titanium.
2q3 cumulatively, the estimate is equal to the rate of increase: the waist > the hip > the flower > . Of this, the growth rate of the young is 20, and in the context of sub-high-end business consumption, the company chooses to keep the cash flow stable through the same recovery in profit and non-pressure. 2) at the profit end: q3 net interest rate is 0.3 pct below the same margin.
Shanxi Wine (60809): 2024 Mid-year report, return settlement speeded up while sales rates remained stable and the cost of major companies increased in efficiency.
3q3 Management rate (including R & D) equal to +1.0 pct, increased by 38.3 per cent on a one-quarter basis, or in line with cost.
The key elements, after rejuvenation of the team and the consolidation of the province, are expected to be more effective growth drivers in the future. Considering the demand-pressure context, we adjust the three financial projections of 2024-Sanxi.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.