China's construction industry is absolutely the leader, the industry is more secure, the company's large-scale performance is robust, and there is still room for growth in capital and real estate operations in the short term.
Building operations: Real estate sales are flat, building is growing steadily: the company’s construction business is subject to higher investment in fixed assets in the real estate sector. We believe that current real estate sales are flat, stock levels are low, there is no guarantee that real estate will be replenished, and there is no significant increase in the corresponding new bill for building.
Taking into account that the level of new orders from companies is often twice the level of income for the next five to seven years, it is expected that in the next five to seven years, real estate business: short-term real estate sales are expected to warm, but long-term growth may not be sustainable: the level of sales in Central Haiti is highly correlated with the rate of growth in real estate sector-wide sales.
In 2017, the financial sector’s regulation of the asset management industry will result in a portion of the capital being allocated to the market, which will be about $3 trillion in incremental capital, triggering the real estate industry’s de-stocking. But in the long run, there is no upward trend in real estate demand.
The model of high profitability achieved by Central Haiti by compressing staff costs and financial costs is not necessarily sustainable. Capital operations: the impact of economic transformation will be felt at least in 2020: capital investment is likely to be in the future.
But given the large number of new orders issued by the company in 2017, we believe that the impact of the economic transition on the company’s infrastructure operations will not be felt until at least 2020. Monetary policy is expected to tighten, real-estate investments are not warming, and local governments are retrenching.
• Construction and decoration: construction of houses
(8621) 20328348