Constructions in China (60168.sh) Construction decorations/housing constructions Minimum value-valued buildings, ongoing upgrades Regular meetings in the country of  require more active fiscal activity and capital investment is rebounding:
At the lowest/highest level of the year, on July 23, the State Council's Standing Meeting was convened to propose a more active fiscal policy. The capital-related industries will benefit in the future, and the pace of capital investment may be repulsive.
Guaranteeing the legitimate financing needs of the financing platform’s companies, in accordance with the principle of marketization, would help open up capital financing needs. It was also proposed to speed up the issuance and use of this year’s $1.35 trillion local government-specific bonds, which would raise funds for local infrastructure.
• Improved liquidity margins, rehabilitation of capital valuation: monetary policy played a significant role in the first half of the year, maintaining a reasonable level of inter-bank liquidity, using tools such as a reduction, mlf over-renewal, mlf collateral expansion, and so on. On July 23, the central bank invested 5020
Since July, the signal of credit easing has gradually been released, as shown by the central bank or window directing banks to increase their low-grade credit debt, and by the SISB talks, which have pointed to the need for greater credit investment, new regulations, and so on. The top-up countries have often made it clear that fiscal policy needs to be more active.
In our view, there is a clear trend toward a policy shift, followed by, or will be, a policy of modestly broad credit. This round of monetary and credit-broadening policies has led to an easing of credit margins and the promotion of improvements in the infrastructure expectations of the construction industry, especially in the case of undervalued construction firms, which are more valuable for investment.
• The first half of the year saw a 1.6 per cent increase in the same year and a steady increase in real estate operations: in the first half of 2018, the value of new contracts for the construction business of companies was approximately $1.21 trillion, an increase of trillion dollars over the same period of the previous year, with 46.54 per cent of the annual plan completed.
870.8 billion yuan, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the same year; infrastructure construction and investment, a decrease of 33.72 billion yuan. 8.1 per cent in the same year; and design survey operations, a growth of 6 billion yuan, an increase of 13.5 per cent in the same year.
In real estate business, the company sold approximately $141 billion in contract sales in the first half of 2018, an increase of $14.2 million in square metres, and an end-of-life reserve of approximately 9,766 million square metres.
The company, as the leader of the capital, plans to collect more than $1.1 trillion in 2018, which is the same increase.
4.4%, with a sound business plan. We expect a net return of 35.9 billion yuan in 2018, which corresponds to only five times the current market value. Refer to the rest of China’s construction capital, China, China, China, iron, China, electricity, China.
Of these, the lowest valuations, high security margins, are expected to continue to benefit from credit marginal easing and a recovery in capital investment. The accelerated expansion of capital operations, with a faster net return to non-mortality, ranged from 5/4.6.4.2 per cent from 2018 to 2020, maintains a “strongly recommended” rating.