Construction in China (60168.sh) Construction in China (601668)
During the reporting period, the company ' s construction business grew steadily to $37,4996 million, compared to $8,708 million in the same period, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the same year, representing a comparison of the value of the new contract.
In keeping with its marketing strategy of “large owners, big markets, big projects”, the company has taken full advantage of the support and driving role of large projects, continuing to depress the share of three or four-line cities, small and medium-sized estates, and further upgrading the quality of its marketing.
The company won the top public construction project in the country - the Pearl Sea Yokohama Science City Project (10.5 billion yuan), China Construction (601668) - [UNCC] also won the largest next-generation panel production line (amoled) in the southwest region.
China Building (601668): Business structure to project totals 4.2 billion yuan. “532” progresses, capital and overseas operations show good performance.
High growth in capital business income, but a new one-off growth The company ' s operating income from capital business in the first half of 2018 amounted to $12,63.24 billion, an increase of 30.2 per cent compared to the previous year, with a Māori rate of 8.7 per cent (+0.7 pct); slowed growth in fixed asset investment, a decline in ppp investment, etc.
The impact of the factors is that the value of new contracts for capital operations is $337.2 billion, a decrease of 8.0 per cent from the previous year and a negative increase in income from real estate operations of 1h18 million, a decrease of 10 per cent from the same period, and a decline in real estate income for us.
This is mainly due to the fact that the company is in a period of business restructuring, with some regional progress being affected, with real estate accounting for 14.16% of total business income and a Māori ratio of 33.9% (+5.9pt).
The construction of rental housing, shared-ownership housing, and the active expansion of business, maintenance, education and other areas of business in the company’s subsidiary enterprises have continued to improve the management and profitability of asset holdings. At the same time, the institutional property combines the economic potential of the region, optimizing market layout and actively avoiding potential risks.
\boxtimes. \boxtimes. \boxtimes.
During the reporting period, the number of new contracts for overseas operations was $54.4 billion, a decrease of 53.4 per cent over the previous year, owing to the slower than anticipated landing of major projects and the high base for the same period, but major strategic corporate projects were broken and new markets were opened and nurtured.
Part of the Stanpkm road was highly appreciated by both Governments and the public 15 months ahead of schedule; the project for the new Egyptian capital, the Central Business Area, was also officially launched during the period. The project was signed into the first-ever Ivorian and Israeli markets.
With low valuations, companies are expected to stimulate new development potentials in the long run, as reforms in state firms advance.
, maintaining an “enhanced” rating. ppp projects fall below the expected risk; peband
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.