Nathda (002180) E. National printer tap, full-chain layout continuing high growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
10.0 per cent long, resulting in a net return to the mother of $1.07 billion, an increase of 102.5 per cent in the same year; net profit excluding the non-return to the mother of a leading printer industry, where the autonomous brand, “Bento+Alliance”, has gone hand in hand. 1) Bantu Electronics: 2022h1, with $2.11 billion raised by 13 per cent in sales as commercial market demand was gradually restored.
At the same time, the map core technology autonomy is 33%. The pre-emerging advantage is that it has taken the lead in the country's procurement catalogue, that market share is ahead, and that the future growth will continue at a time when the trend towards national substitution is increasing.) The Alliance International: the gradual easing of control of the epidemic in overseas countries and the recovery of demand in overseas markets.
It is clear that LCL sales have recovered at a rate of about 18 per cent, with $1.16 billion in revenues in the first half of the year, an increase of 9.3 per cent compared to the previous half, gradually recovering its performance. Moreover, LCL and the Benevolent Map have achieved synergies in their channels, supply chains, helping companies to enrich their product lines further, reduce costs, expand sales, and accelerate the expansion of domestic and foreign markets.
• High growth in sales of raw materials and accelerated expansion of general consumption channels. 1) For raw materials: 2022h1, with the upgrading of printers, there is a 48% increase in the volume of raw materials produced by companies. At the same time, the barriers to raw materials are high, with a value of about 10 times that of printers, and Māori is up to 70%, and it is fast-tracking for companies to make a profit.
Brands, channels, and outreach are expected to take full advantage of the recovery opportunities of overseas demand. Overall, with the steady increase in printer holdings, companies combine their originals and common consumption materials to take full advantage of the “Razor” model, and their profitability is expected to increase.
The second growth pole is expected to be built with a high degree of self-control + multi-area expansion of the chip. 2022h1, the company chip industry received about $1.05 billion, an increase of 54.9 per cent, of which 1) the printer ' s general consumption chip camp received $760 million: the Soc chip core technology has become self-controllable and is highly domesticated. 2) Non-strikes
The printing machines earn $30 million in chips, the generic mcu chips are growing rapidly in medium- and high-end applications such as industrial controls, cars, new energy sources, consumer electronics, etc., and are working with well-known manufacturers (elevators, sympathians, rainbows, America, vines, pelicans, Great Walls, etc.) to further the process of national production.
Standard mcu chips have been certified by aec-q100 and delivered in bulk to pre-cars, back-loading markets, and are expected to maintain a high growth trend throughout the year with the introduction of several vehicle chips in the second half of the year. In the context of the rapid development of the information security market, the national printer industry comes to light.
At the same time, external market performance has been repaired to provide strong support for the firm ' s steady development; the accumulation of consumables and chip operations has increased rapidly, providing incentives for the company to increase its profitability by giving the company a value of 27 times thepe in 2023, corresponding to the target.
Nathda was established in 2000 and placed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2014. The company dedicated more than 20 years to printing the portrait industry and has achieved full-chain coverage, with product technology covering laser printers and raw waste packages.
And more than 150 countries and regions around the world, with well-known brands in a number of industries, including “Aipike”, “G’s”, “g&g”, “League of Nations” and “Bentos.” By 2021, the company had become the world’s fourth largest laser printer and industry, with a strong leader in integrated circuit design.
The company’s first shareholder is the Chuhai Sena Print Technology Company Ltd., with 28.96% shareholding. The chairman of the company, Mr. Wang Dong-Ying, Mr. Tsang Yang-yun and Mr. Li Dong-fui, holds shares in the company in direct and indirect ways and is actually in control of the company. The company’s top 10 shareholders together hold 47.09% of the shares, with a relatively larger equity structure.
In addition, in March 2022, the company issued an equity incentive scheme, targeting a total of 464 company directors, executives and core cadres, achieving a high degree of alignment of management and technical interests, and a significant increase in team motivation and cohesion. The incentive test was based on net profits in 2021, with net profit growth exceeding 2022-2024.
In recent years, the relevant national departments have issued policies on autonomous innovation in core hardware and software products, strengthening networks and the deployment of information security strategies. In March 2021, the 14th Five-Year Plan and Vision 2035 set out to build on the Torun Initiative to increase the power of key products and key core technologies.
The importance of cybersecurity and information security was reaffirmed in January 2022 in the “14th Five-Year Plan for the Promotion of National Political Informational Security.” Autonomy of core hardware and software products and substitution of national production are urgent. Printers, as office necessity facilities, have a high risk of information disclosure and become an important part of the development of information security.
The printer industry has grown steadily, demand for domestic use has increased substantially, and demand in the commercial market has gradually recovered. Overall, my country’s printer industry has grown steadily, growing by 9.8% to $3521 million in 2021.
In the second half of 2021, the demand for home-based office hours and home-based printing increased. As of 2021, the size of the central national printer market had increased by 13.8 per cent to 3.38 billion yuan, and the household printer occupancy rate had risen to 8.9 per cent.
Printers are technology-intensive industries, with higher barriers. On the one hand, companies reveal that the global printing industry has 300,000 patents, and that fewer than 10 manufacturers are now fully captured.
Patent barriers prevent a large number of countries from competing globally. On the other hand, the printer industry has closed its supply chain, and printers, mostly manufacturers, form a whole industry chain layout, or work with core suppliers. As of 2020, the top three global laser printers were shipped to Hewlett-Packard, brother, fine, with a total market concentration of 69.2%.
The printer business is industry-wide, and the non-print chip business has become the second growth pole. After years of development, the company has developed an industry-wide print-chain layout that combines printer operations, consumables, and printer chips.
At the same time, the company develops a non-print chip business that has a high level of recognition among downstream customers and crystal mills, and is expected to become a new growth pole. Printer business is well advanced: the company’s printer business is made up of two major brands: the Alliance, the Benteau.
Consultants' data show that, in 2020, the combined market share of the map and LCL was 6.7 per cent by calibre of sales, with a clear operational synergy: company consumption, printer chip operations provide raw materials and core support for printer operations, on the one hand, helping to reduce the negative impact of supply chain tensions and ensuring the supply of printer equipment; and, on the other hand,
On the other hand, the rapid growth in printer sales has accelerated the rotation of common-print and original-printed consumables products, which has facilitated product upgrading and restructuring. (1) Bendry harvests have continued to grow rapidly, with strong potential for high-end market growth.
In an environment of high demand for printers and shortage of supplies, the map, with its significant technological advantages, has grown for six years in a row.
During the year, the entire series of products entered the country ' s relevant procurement catalogue, with sales increasing by more than 60 per cent, generating operating income and net profits of $3.87 billion, $680 million, an increase of about 72 per cent and 140 per cent in the same year. 2022h1, the business income of the map was about $2.11 billion, an increase of 13 per cent, and the overall sales of printers increased by 33 per cent.
In addition, in the face of high-end markets, companies are fully committed to promoting the development of high-speed colour laser printers and a3 photocopiers in the high-end markets.
We currently have a lower share of colour laser printers and a3 printers, but with a higher value, and with the roll-out of the company ' s a3 product and the launch of a4-high-speed new products in the future, the map may further open up the high-end market, while at the same time leading to the recovery of the industry ' s overseas demand (2) and many synergistic developments with the map.
In 2016, Nathda completed the acquisition of the LA through its march to the overseas market and supplemented the product lines of the mid-to-high-end market with a number of synergies with the map.
Beneath the country’s strong leadership, it helps the Alliance to rapidly open up its domestic markets. 2) On the supply chain side: the Alliance works with Benttum to achieve supply-chain synergies through a odm approach. On the one hand, the sale of low- and medium-speed printers to the Association helps to reduce the cost of the Alliance, and on the other hand, the Bentui commissioning part of the production of high-speed printers to enrich its product lines.
In 2021, the overseas printing market recovered from the bottom of the epidemic, and the LCL resumed its high-digit growth. Meanwhile, in a global environment of semiconductor scarcity, the LCL supply chain team worked together with corporate companies to reduce the output impact of the shortfall, with 14% of LCL printers sold in 2021.
In the future, we believe that, with the easing of overseas epidemic control, office demand will gradually recover, adding to the delayed further release of demand caused by the 2020-2021 epidemic, the Alliance’s recovery is expected to return to its high level in 2019.
(iii) Printer consumables: A high rate of sales of raw materials, and an accelerated expansion of general consumption channels; A high rate of sales of raw materials, which provides a core driver of corporate profitability.
2022h1, as printers are loaded up, the sales of the original waste materials increase by 48% and are growing at a high rate. At the same time, the higher, usually 70%, of the raw waste is expected to lead to a rapid increase in the company’s profitability on the basis of the continued increase in printer retention.
In recent years, companies have been increasing their brand visibility in overseas markets, marketing channels have expanded rapidly, and 1) have effectively developed overseas power lines from the Amazon.
The station was successfully expanded to the ebay and Walmart platforms; (2) to work with proxy partners in the United States, Canada, etc. to further open up the North American market and expand sales; and (3) to actively build autonomous brands in Europe, locking in high-end market targets and target client groups. In 2021, the supply chain was severely affected by the epidemic.
The rise in revenue has slowed as a result of factors such as the rise in the cost of materials and maritime transport. 2022h1, as the demand of the market has recovered, the overall performance has been positive, with revenues rising by about 16% over the same period.The printer industry is characterized by a “Razor” model, and manufacturers need to increase their fights by selling low-mori print equipment on a continuous basis.
Market holdings of printer equipment, leading to the continued sale of the following high-morigin printer consumables, have led to long-term steady profits. We believe that, with the steady increase in the stock of charts and lichen printers, the company’s sales are growing rapidly, and its profitability is increasing.
(4) Chip business: Autonomous control + multi-area expansion, with non-print chip becoming the second growth pole of the company, gradually recovering, with high harvest growth. 2018-2020, influenced by increased industry competition, falling chip prices, outbreaks, short-lived corporate chip business performance; 2021, industrial chip circuit modification, and micronaucle processing, among others.
A breakthrough has been made in the arts, with a reduction in single processing time, a significant increase in the eligibility rate and a marked decrease in costs: 2022h1, the company's corporate core business received about $1.05 billion, an increase of about 54.9 per cent over the same period, and performance has been gradually restored. Of this, the non-printing common-use chip, which is growing brightly, with a 120 per cent increase in revenue on the same date, is a high-speed development.
The company's chip product lines are perfect, including printer chips and non-print cores. 1) Printer chips: these include soc master chips and common-use chips, which are used in ink cartridges, drums, etc. The main function of the product is the inkjet system, the identification and control of laser printer consumption products and the system of laser printers.
(ii) Non-print chip: includes apm32 generic mcu chip, low-power bluetooth 5.1 chip, industrial network soc-ese safety chip, etc. In this case, the generic mcu chip is the “brain” of electronics, responsible for electronics data, printer mastering soc chip self-controllable and highly domesticated.
Controls the soc chip, which has been produced and sold. The chip is based on the umc28, umc40 nm process technology, using a national multi-nuclear isomer embedded 32-bit cpu (ck810, ck802, ck803), has a fully autonomous chip security structure, breaks core ip authorization, and supports colour printing, photocopying, colour scanning, fax, etc., to produce replacements for printers.
In the first half of 2022, the company took the lead in launching two new strategic-level products, leading to a full-scale competitor, leading to a higher value of chips, and an increase in sales performance. The generic mcu chip product line continued to expand, with multidisciplinary applications.
Sensors, bms, electric machines, car applications, etc., are a combination of non-print chip products whose generic mcu chips, based on steady and reliable quality, have been used at the upper end of the industrial, industrial, motor, new energy, consumer electronic, etc. At the same time, cooperation has been established with well-known manufacturers (elevators, sinks, rainbows, American, upper-gas Mitsubishi, pelicans, Great Walls, etc.) and the process of national production has evolved.
One step forward. 202h1, the company's bright performance in the above-mentioned upper-middle-high-end areas, with a 120% increase in revenue. Of these, the Car Code class chip product is further enriched, and 2 32 GSMs have been certified as aec-q100, pre-car/post-loaded market bulk supply, full coverage of auto domain controllers, smart seats, middle control, bms control boards, auto edr, etc.
In 2021, as control of the overseas epidemic gradually eased, the Alliance’s performance recovered, while domestic markets expanded rapidly.
The sum of 2021q4 was achieved; the combination of April's continuous grinding of chip products, the rapid growth of chip operations, and the firm's overall performance rebounded, with net profit from the parent increasing by 701.1 per cent to $1.16 billion on a year-on-year basis. In 2022h1, the company achieved business income of $12.3 billion, an increase of 10.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a net profit from the parent of $1.07 billion, an increase of 102.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The chip business is one of the company ' s priorities for the future, with revenue of $530 million, an increase of 61.7 per cent over the same period. In the future, with the continued roll-out of the standard chip product and the expansion of downstream applications, the rate of growth is expected to continue. 3) General consumption and spare parts operations: 2.94 billion yuan, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period, compared with 23.9 per cent.
In terms of sub-regions, foreign revenues predominated, and domestic revenues increased. 2022h1, the growth of revenues slowed, as a result of factors such as the rising cost of bulk materials and shipping, both outside the company and within the country. But, as the management of the overseas epidemic eased, the channels widened further, and performance recovered in 2022.
Catalogues, fast-growing sales, and leading to the development of raw consumables, printer chips. In the future, with the synergies between the Beneath the Alliance, it is expected that corporate overall performance levels will rise as domestic and foreign operations interact. End of profit: 2022h1, 1) Māori is 33.8% lower than 0.83 pp; of this, the original printer and consumption are among them.
The Māori rate for material operations, chip operations, common-use items and accessories is 30.9 per cent (-3.27 pp), 64.1 per cent (+2.57 per cent), 38.3 per cent (+3.4 per cent) respectively. Of this, the Māori rate for raw printers and consumables operations is under pressure, mainly due to higher logistics costs and salary adjustments due to inflation in the first half of the year.) Net interest rate is 10.5 per cent, up by 4.75 pp from 4.75 pp.
The printer industry is technology-intensive, so companies insist on building technical barriers to high R & D inputs, continuing to break through the technical difficulties of the industry, and ensuring that new products are developed and technological upgrades are carried out in an orderly manner.
2022h1, corporate R & D investment amounted to $1.45 billion, or 6.5% of operating income. At the end of the reporting period, companies had autonomous R & D patents of 5445, of which 3515 were inventions, software copyrights and integrated circuit layout designs of 188, with significant results. In addition, corporate cost-side overall controls were good, with sales/management/financial cost rates of 2022h1
Reductions of 0.83 pp 0.87 pp/6.62 pp to 9.0 per cent/8.2 per cent/-3.0 per cent in the same year, and continued improvements in the efficiency of operations management. The larger decline in the utilization of financial fees was mainly due to exchange rate gains in the first half of the year.
Sales are expected to grow at a high rate: overseas market demand is recovering, and sales of LCL printers will continue to grow at a rapid rate. Meanwhile, the company will be rolling out a3 printers and a4 colour printers, and the overall unit price is expected to rise.
3) General consumption and accessories operations: The steady increase in printer holdings, the expansion of overseas channels, and the expansion of target groups) is accompanied by rapid growth in the sales of company printers, accelerated release of consumables, chip operations and increased internal management efficiency, and a continued increase in company Maori rates is expected.
Because the company’s business covers the entire industry chain of printers and the area of non-print chips. There are currently no comparable companies in the country that match their business; and, given the fact that the company fully benefits from the trend of national production substitution, we have selected three comparable companies in the country’s leading chip manufacturers, Slander, Micro-Innovation, Top Technology, to compare valuations.
In the context of the rapid development of the information security market, the national printer industry has come to light. The company, as a leading producer of the full chain layout, has fully benefited from the trend of national production and has seen a rapid increase in printer sales; at the same time, overseas market performance has been restored to public interest.
The Division’s steady development provides strong support; the accelerated release of waste and chip operations provides incentives for companies to increase their profitability, giving policy impetus less than expected, with increased competition in the industry and less technology development than expected. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and, to the extent that the company and the author know it, there are no laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.
The company or associated institution may hold securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and carry out transactions, and may also provide or seek investment banking or financial consultancy services for these companies.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
Change, and investors should follow the corresponding updates or modifications on their own.