The continued high growth in the performance of non-ferrous and rare metals, iii, has begun to engage in solid lithium batteries, resulting from increased production as a result of the delayed spring tests at the base.
In 2017, business income continued to grow and profitability continued to rise: in 2017, revenues from company derivatives of lithium products and lithium concentrates increased by 3,696 million yuan and 1.750 billion yuan, respectively, by the same year, and by 30.85 per cent and 64.95 per cent. The revenues from lithium derivatives increased significantly, benefiting from the sale of company derivatives of lithium products:
Lithium concentrate revenues increased significantly, benefiting from a substantial increase in the prices of the company ' s lithium concentrate products. 646,000 tons and 407,000 tons of lithium concentrate were sold in 2017, an increase of 30.9 per cent and 29.8 per cent, respectively, mainly as a result of improvements in process and equipment by the holding company Telison.
The operating income was $1.51 billion, an increase of 33.1 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $627 million for the mother, an increase of 103.1 per cent over the same period, and a drop in the volume of goods in the fourth quarter, which was slightly lower than the three quarters, but still higher than the annual average. 2017q4, 2.5 percentage points. The cost of corporate management increased by 1.4 percentage points in the fourth quarter and other rates were basic.
According to the company's annual report, Tyllison's existing lithium concentrate could be 740,000 tons, the new 600,000 tons of chemical lithium concentrate line was expected to be completed in the second quarter of 1919, and the Tyllison lithium concentrate could reach 1.34 million yuan per ton, equivalent to carbon acid.
Lithium equivalents of 180,000 tonnes/year will provide sufficient lithium concentrate security for the lithium salt project. According to investor relations, by the end of 2019, the company plans to build up the production capacity of lithium chemical products close to 110,000 tonnes/year.
\triangleright Lithium Tin \: The growth in performance was as expected, with the leading status rising by 0.35% annually. 237 R & D staff in 2017, 58 more than 16 years old.
Lithium Tin Qian: 16 years of net profits five times higher than the previous year, Terry, in the direction of advanced lithium extraction and new product preparation technology and battery recovery and resource recovery. According to the annual report, Sen's expansion is laying the foundation for future lithium product release.
Hong Kong, a fully owned subsidiary of the company, Tianqi Lithium, used $12.5 million in December 2017 to finance the “c-round priority” shares of solidenegy, with a post-investment share of 11.72 per cent, Tian Qi Lithium: net profit growth 18 times higher for mothers and expansion of hydrogen oxygen.
Solidenergy, located in Massachusetts, United States of America, focuses on the development of ultra thin lithium gold with super-energy density, which is a negative electrode battery (steak lithium cell).
In 2017, business income continued to grow at a high rate, and profitability continued to increase.
Lithium titanium owner camp operations include the development of solid lithium mineral resources, the production of lithium chemical products and the three components of the trade in lithium mines, the holding stock company Telison owns high-quality lithium quartz deposits worldwide, and the Hong and Jiangsu Zhang Karbang bases mainly produce lithium chemical products. Chengdu is involved mainly in the trade in lithium chemical products and lithium concentrates. Lithium industry involves the construction of a lithium quartz mining plant in Zola, Ganz State, and the construction of a lithium quartz mining plant in Tianxia.
Sub-related to the construction of a battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide project, and Chongqing Tianqi related to the metal lithium business. The downstream of the company’s products covered areas such as glass ceramics, lithium batteries, lubricant, aerospace. 41.9 per cent higher than expected, the company’s higher performance was due to higher prices for the company’s lithium concentrate and the sale of derivative lithium products.
The company ' s sales rates, management rates and financial rates have declined by 0.22 per cent, 0.34 per cent and 1.44 per cent, respectively, and there has been a significant increase in the revenue from concentrates, which has benefited from a substantial increase in the value of the company ' s lithium concentrate products.
The average price was about RMB 0.5 million per ton (including taxes), an increase of about 27% over the same year. Moreover, the sales of lithium concentrates increased significantly, mainly as a result of the controlled stock company Telison’s improvements to the process and equipment. The average price was RMB 13.35 million (including taxes), a decline of about 2% over the same year.
Lines have changed smoothly and downstream customers are in high demand. Figure 8: Lithium concentrate and sales in the past three years (tonnes) Figure 9: Lithium derivative production and sales in the last three years (tonnes)
The rates of 2017q4 were stable and the net profit of 2018q1 was higher than expected The company achieved operating income of $1.51 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017, an increase of 33.1 per cent in the same year, the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies amounted to $627 million, an increase of 103.1 per cent in the same year, and the volume of goods delivered in the fourth quarter was slightly less than three quarters, but remained above the annual average.
The increase in production was due to higher product prices compared to the same period, as well as to delays in spring tests at the shooting grounds. 2017,q4, the company ' s Māori rate was 71.1 per cent, the ring rate was down 0.4 percentage points, the net interest rate was 49.3 per cent, and the ring rate was raised by 2.5 percentage points. The company ' s management cost rate increased by 1.4 percentage points in the fourth quarter, and other rates remained largely flat.
Figure 12: Profitability over the past 12 quarters Figure 13: Major cost over the last 12 quarters III. The Tyllison lithium concentrate will be expanded to 1.34 million tonnes/year and lithium products will reach 110,000 tonnes/year
Tianqi, as the world’s leading producer of lithium concentrate and the world’s leading ore lithium company, has formed a capital-based centre for management, trade and research and development, based on West Green Bush and Ganz, China, and a global corporate group structure based on Sichuan Suining, Jiangsu Zhang, Chongqing Copper and Western Quinana. Companies have upgraded from a simple lithium processing company.
The transition to an industrial chain of high-quality lithium resources and improved lithium products and an internationally competitive and integrated multinational lithium industry group. Currently, Tyllison has a total of 740,000 tons of lithium concentrate and a new 600,000 tons of chemical lithium concentrate line, which is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 19th year, and the delivery of the Tyllison lithium concentrate will amount to 1.34 million yuan per ton, equivalent to 180,000 tons of lithium equivalent carbonate.
Each year, lithium salt projects will provide adequate lithium concentrate security. The company’s ability to produce lithium chemical products has expanded rapidly, and, according to corporate investor relations, in 2018, the company’s capacity to release 40,000 tons of lithium products is expected to be released, with production increasing by more than 20% compared to the same amount. The share of lithium carbonate products will be proportional.
By the end of 2019, the company plans to build up the production capacity of lithium chemical products close to 110,000 tons/year, including 53,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide and 53,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate.
According to the Development Report, in 2017 the world production of lithium and its derivatives was about 23,540,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year, with production increasing mainly from China. Global consumption of lithium carbonate is expected to be about 237,000 tons in 2017, an increase of about 15 per cent in the same year. According to preliminary figures from the Lithium Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metals Industry Association, our production of lithium salt was 12.34 million tons in 2017, an increase of the same amount.
43.5% long. According to this data, the ratio of lithium products from the lithium industry in Tianqi was about 26.1% in 2017. With regard to lithium mines, the main suppliers in the global lithium market in 2016 were sqm, Yapo, Tianqi, fmc. The global ratio of lithium from the lithium industry was about 13%, the third highest in the world.
On the demand side, the demand side, according to a report published in December 2017 by Roskill, predicts an increase of 80.97% in global lithium demand in downstream industries by 2021 over 2016. Of this, traditional applications, such as glass ceramics, remain stable for a long period of time, returning on average every year. From the supply side, with the exception of the expansion of sqm ' s tacama, the capacity of the salt lakes in the country cannot be reduced.
In recent years, there has been an increasing number of projects for the exploration and exploitation of global lithium resources, and new lithium deposits have been discovered, and the world’s detection of lithium production will reach about 860,000 tons in the year. According to Göln and Morgan Stanley, the supply and demand imbalance for lithium will peak in around 2021.
Figure 17: Lithium carbonate prices and market supply and demand projections Figure 18: Lithium resource market supply and demand projections based on high growth in power cells, smooth development of glass ceramics and consumer batteries, regardless of large-scale applications of storage energy batteries
With rapid growth, we expect an average annual compound increase of about 12% in lithium carbonate demand for 17-25 years, a potential excess of liquid carbonate in 2020, which may be phased and regional, but prices may not fall off the cliffs. The real need for downstream power cells is expected to lead to a smooth redistribution of profits in the industrial chain, with the growth of demand, and the most beneficial firms may still be in the middle.
iv. Increased R & D investment, increased technology reserves, started to move into solid lithium batteries 58 more people in 16 years, an increase of 32 per cent in comparison with the previous year.In 2017, the total number of corporate R & D projects was 29, with 8 closure projects involving advanced lithium and new product preparation techniques
Figure 19: R & D input (billions of yuan) and ratio 20: R & D population (persons) and percentage
US$ million, engaged in the “c-wheel” financing of solidenegy, with a post-investment share of 11.72 per cent, solideenergy in Massachusetts, United States of America, focused on the development of ultra-intensity lithium metal negative arctic batteries with super-high energy density (solid lithium batteries). 36kr, according to the Internet, Solidenergy, a technology-driven start-up company affiliated with the United States of America, was awarded Singapore.
So far, the total financing has been close to US$ 50 million. Technically, soledgergy can further increase its energy density from 500wh/kg to a safe environment.
650wh/kg, also capable of transport and safety tests such as un38.3 and ul1462. The company ceo Quixin has judged that, at the current rate of development, a large number of new lithium metal batteries will be applied to cars after 2020.
Profit projections are based mainly on the following assumptions: On the profitability side, as capacity expands, the economies of scale will further reduce costs, adding 19 to 20 years of production.
The price of lithium products has fallen slightly, and the Māori rate is expected to show a steady decline. The company ' s lithium mineral resources are secured, lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide continue to expand, and the price of lithium products is currently stable, based on the risk of lithium mines and 2, new energy vehicle policies;
The prices of lithium products have fallen significantly;4 and the expansion of new energy vehicles has fallen short of targets.