Three-quarter reviews in 2025: q3 steady price increases worked well, Yellow Shi Tao  incident: companies disclosed three-quarters reports in 2025, with total operating income of 13.904 billion yuan in the previous three quarters.
+19.5 per cent of the same year, the net profit/loss of the parent is 2,568,261.2 million yuan, which is stable in contrast to the negative profit of the 3 season. (1) Company q3 revenues grew by 23.2 per cent in the same year, ring growth by 3.6 per cent, and are expected to benefit from the same and ring increases in sales of the q3 bra and electronic fabric products.
After a marked fall in prices as a result of the additional output impact, the company has achieved basic stability in prices and profit margins in the context of volume increases, thanks to the structural advantages and adjustment effects of the product. (2) The public q3 net profit of $911 million was deducted from the net return to the mother, compared to +72.6 per cent and the ring ratio to 4.8 per cent.
▪ Reduction in the turnover of inventory days and continued decline in the asset-liability ratio. (1) Company q3 period cost is 9.1 per cent, corresponding to -1.8 pct, mainly due to the efficiency of total cost controls and a rapid increase in revenue of 0.2 pct. (2) Company q3 purchases fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets to pay cash
The industry landscape is expected to return to its path, and the company’s profitability is expected to rise steadily. (1) We believe that the most severe medium-term supply shock of the braking is over, and that the anti-intra-brand initiative of the industry’s associations suggests a further strengthening of the industry’s consensus on price stability and is expected to continue to push the current process forward.
China Stone (600176): Mid 2025, the price of more competitive products recovered steadily. In the medium term, capital spending on coarse products has shrunk considerably, downstream demand has become resilient, and the balance of supply and demand has improved as new production capacity has been absorbed in the previous period.
Remark: Single-seasonal profits continue to rebound, repriced, adjusted industry profits are expected to continue to improve steadily. (2) General electronics are rising, while industry profits are still low, supply is limited, and the industry has recently started raising prices, we think.
Supply and demand will continue to balance, supporting price increases and the continuation of the landscape. (3) The company continues to optimize its product structure, medium-to-high-end share, enhances profitability, promotes low-access electricity, low-inflated, and so on.
Review: Non-profit deductions are rising on a quarterly basis, leading advantage  profitability projections and investment ratings: industry front supply shocks digest, medium-term additional production capacity is limited, build-up downstream demand is resilient, industry stocks are expected to de-escalate, and electronics are expected to pick up.
The price of cloth is expected to rise further, driven by the downwinding, and the firm will compete under the downswing structure, and its strengths will be consolidated, its shareholder returns will be boosted, its profitability will continue, and its valuation will continue to be repaired. We temporarily maintain the company ' s net profit forecast for the period 2025-2027.
The three major financial forecasting tables for China's Great Stones have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.