China Stone (600176.sh): Under the industry balance, the co-profit level is constantly changing over the same period.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2025: business income was 13.904 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 19.53 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was 2,568 million yuan, an increase of 67.51 per cent in the same year; net profit on deductions from maternity was that China ' s Great Stone was the world ' s leader in the fibre optics industry, and the company ' s cost was better.
High-impact products, optimized product structure and production capacity of 2,612 million yuan, an increase of 125.91 per cent over the same period, and an increase of 0.64 per cent to reach the end of the year, and the external layout, which further enhances the competitiveness of the international market.
The first three quarters of business and profits continued to rise better. The company’s revenues and profits continued to rise at a better rate in the first three quarters, mainly as a result of a slight three-fourth-quarter swing in both product sales and prices. The price of fibreglass had generally stabilized since 2025, but remained stable since last year.
With a double decline of 0.5 per cent in the third quarter of the same year, the overall stability of fibreglass prices since 2025 shows a relative balance between overall supply and demand in the industry.
In addition to supply-side factors, the growth of new demand, including wind power, automobiles, and electronics, has also played a positive role. Companies, as industry leaders, have been the first to benefit from changes in the landscape of the industry.
The company has continued to improve in the previous three quarters, and the ring ratio has also remained generally stable, with cost advantages in size, optimized corporate product structure and overseas layout guaranteeing competitive edges. As a global leader in the Bolivian fibre-optic industry, the company has clear size and cost advantages.
Active development of products such as electronic veils to ensure supply advantage at the end of the new demand. Adding to the layout of the company’s foreign production lines in Egypt and the United States sea would help to reduce the impact of international trade protection and ensure the global dominance of the company.
Business leaders, combined advantages, sustained improvements in profitability, new industry balances, improved demand for benefits, better product structure, new development space, and maintenance of corporate “strongly recommended” ratings.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh): With a balance in the industry, the level of co-profits is constantly improving, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh): In a balanced industry, the level of co-profits is constantly improving.
More than 16 years of research experience, combined up and down with a framework of research, cover the construction and non-metal new materials industries. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry their own research views.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China's Great Stone (600176.sh): In a balanced industry, the level of co-benefits is constantly improving, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.