China's Great Stone (600176) construction materials have grown in volume and quantity, and active buy-backs have shown confidence in the Southwest Securities Institute.
Industry gains are positive and the prices of companies are rising. 1) Industry level: Downstream industries such as wind power, electronics, new energy cars, high demand, combined with effective supply-side regulation, continued improvement in supply and demand structures, three quarters of high price of fibre-optic products, steady growth in sales, and industry profitability level is rising. 2) Company level: tight grip on wind and power markets
Structural opportunities for significant growth in demand continue to optimize the structure of products; marketing ends, with the strategy of “additional, stable, re-priced, and re-priced” as their core, effectively achieve a rise in the price of the fabric and the volume of electronic fabric. Moreover, firms are moving in an orderly manner to build their production bases, laying the foundation for firm efficiency gains and steady growth in sales.
The Māori rate has continued to improve and the combined cost rate has declined. 1) The beneficiary price has been sound, the product structure has continued to optimize, and the company Māori rate has increased by 8.69 percentage points to 32.42 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 2) The sales cost rate has decreased by 0.05 percentage points to 1.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the management cost rate has decreased by 0.77 percentage points to a year-on-year.
And the cost of the liability has fallen by 0.24 percentage points to 1.44 per cent on the same date. 3) The combined cost rate has fallen by 1.47 percentage points, the net interest rate on sales has increased by 5.59 percentage points to 19.22 per cent on the same year, and the combined advantages of profitability have been highlighted and the buy-backs have shown confidence.
The company, as the leading industry in the industry of fibre optics, is the world's leading industry in many areas of product segmentation, with great size and cost advantages, and a sustained shift in product high-end. 2) The firm is highly focused on innovation research and development, in mega-pool kilns, high-performance glass formulations,
100% Autonomous Core Intellectual Property (IPR) on key technologies such as leachate formulations and packages; companies are now at the top of industry e9 fibres, technical barriers are being strengthened and technology competition is high. 3) The current prices for the sale of fibres are sound, with better downstream demand for wind power, new energy, electronics, etc.
In addition, on 24 September 2025, the company considered and adopted a programme for repurchase of shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange, thereby demonstrating its confidence.
China's Great Stone (600176): Multiple rounds of price increases have been shown to be effective, and the company's performance has been flexible, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
No one has received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.