Construction materials, glass fibres, non-financial company review report, China Stone (600176.sh)
Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Events: Corporate Holdings Shareholder China Builders (29.22% of total stock holdings up to the end of 25q3)
\triangleright Monsignor, for 12 months from 28 November, increased shares of the company by means of a centralized competitive transaction with its own funds
The Wang Binping Stone Group (16.88 per cent of the total stock of the company up to the end of 25q3) plans to increase confidence and recognition of the value of its investments in the medium and long term to enhance investor confidence in the company's investments and promote the company's performance.
Lin Gaufan has sustained, stable, healthy development, and announced an increase in shares. Moreover, the commitment to maintain the shares of the companies held during the implementation of the plan has further highlighted the confidence of the China-building materials and Jin-seok group in the company’s medium- and long-term development.
The company is one of the world’s largest and most varied professional manufacturers in the fibre-optic industry. By the end of 2024, the company had six major global producers.
Production bases, with an annual production capacity of nearly 3 million tons. Recapitulation history, companies are a model of mixed ownership, with long-term revenue and profit scales steadily up, with a compound increase of 9.72% in 2014-2024, net profit return, and a high-end electronic fabric field, which is expected to bring a double impact on Davis. This year, the high-end electronic fabric area benefits from arithmetic demand.
The overall supply and demand gap resulting from the upgrade is high. The company, as the largest e-breathing enterprise, has been affected by the combination of good demand in the copper market and increased customer readiness, resulting in a double price increase. After reporting in 2025, the company officially announced full access to high-end electronics, with products covering, inter alia, low-dk, low-cte.
And qb, we believe that with its deep depth in the bovine industry, the company’s high-end electronics are potentially growing space for its own personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of the person’s remuneration being, directly or indirectly, related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.