In 2018, the combined income from the Yangtze electric power was 51,214 million yuan, an increase of 213 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net return to the mother was $22,611 million, an increase of 1.57 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
In the first quarter of 2019, the company generated $8.608 billion in operating income, an increase of 5.62 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a net profit of $2.916 billion for mothers, an increase of 2.96 per cent in relation to the previous year.
The total amount of water coming from the water reservoirs of the brooks is about 157.4 billion cubic metres, which is 13.21 per cent greater than the same period in the previous year. The total amount of water coming from the three canyons is about 457 billion cubic metres, which is 4.11 per cent higher than the previous year ' s average of 100 million kWh in the same period. The total amount of electricity generated from the brooks dam is 18.318 million kWh in the same period in the previous year was 3.85 per cent less than in the same period in the previous year. The amount of electricity generated from the brooks dam is 62.469 kW in the same period, an increase of 1.76 per cent over the previous year.
The growth in electricity sales and the relative stability of electricity prices by the company during the campaign led to an increase of 2.87 per cent in the company’s electricity operations on a year-on-year basis. At the same time, as the company’s hydropower value added expired in 2018, the tax on the immediate return of its research assistant, and other revenues decreased by $1,573 million on a year-on-year basis, affecting the company’s performance, with the company’s annual growth rate of 2.13 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year.
The company has invested approximately $7.9 billion in foreign investment throughout the year to realize the return on investment. \triangleright Cheng Wen Research Assistant
In 2018, the company made a strategic investment in the upstream hydroelectric sector of the Yangtze River, with an increase in the shareholding of the host country in electricity (8.28 per cent of the share) and energy (69.2 per cent of the share) and a continuation of the increase in the share of the three gorges in water to 20 per cent, which, while reaping the return on investment, will provide the basis for future joint river basin optimization. Direct financing was launched, with bonds issued for eight periods throughout the year, raising 24 billion yuan, and bonds issued on a scale and duration that is historically high.
In 2017, the cost of issuing bonds was reduced by 50 bp, with each issue at a lower market level for the same period.
Yangtze Power (6009000.sh): Four-Bubour Unions have increased innovation in power generation and diversified business structure. 2018.05.08 Annual interest rate levels in the market for the power sector, with a strong advantage in value investment.
Long River Power (6009000.sh): Growth of revenue from water overflows, return of value added tax on the impact of maturity net gains, 2018.11.08 Profit forecasts and ratings: we value the future of the company ' s power growth space. We expect the company ' s operating income to grow steadily in 2019-2021 and reach each of them.
Cinda Securities Co. Ltd., Inc., risk factors: water risk from the Yangtze River, market exposure risk, policy risk, electricity cost recovery risk.
There are special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions. Wang Yu, research assistant, undergraduate, master's degree in economics at Beijing University, two degrees in economics at the North Grand National Development Institute, and six years of experience at the National Electricity Network.
Cheng Wen, Research Assistant, Qinghua University, five years of work experience at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, three years of work experience at the People's Daily News, and June 2017 at the CSP. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a certified securities investment consulting business by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sunda Securities, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.