ZTE Corporation [0763.HK;000063.CH]
Turnaround in Q3 2018.
TMT Sector
ZTE Corporation (ZTE) posted a net profit of RMB564.5m in Q3 2018, which is at mid point of the
previous guidance range. ZTE guided a net loss of RMB6.2bn-7.2bn for 2018, which implies a net
Hardware
profit of RMB64m-RMB1.0bn for Q4 2018. We acknowledge that the recovery is somewhat slower
than expected, but the Company is still on the track to recover from the impact of the US export ban.
We believe that ZTE will be one of the major beneficiaries of 5G investment in China. We still be-
BUY (H-share)/BUY (A-Share)
lieve that ZTE's recovery will be driven mainly driven by a pick-up in CAPEX by local telecom opera-
tors, and government and corporate business. But the consumer products segment is expected to
lag behind, since it is more reliant on overseas markets. Shares of ZTE may come under pressure
after the Q3 2018 results announcement, given the slower-than-expected recovery. But we still be-
Close: HK$12.16 (Oct 26, 2018)
lieve infrastructure-related segments such as 5G will be the main investment themes in 2019, and
ZTE is a major name in the infrastructure-related hardware providers listed in HK and China. We still
believe that market confidence in ZTE will be restored. Apart from the recovery in operating perfor-
TP (H): HK$18.67 (+53.5%)
mance, news flow on 5G development in China is a major share price catalyst for ZTE. We maintain
our BUY rating with a target price of HK$18.67, based on 14x 2019E PER, lower than the Compa-
ny's historical mean of 22x. Our target price for ZTE-A (000063.CH) is RMB21.55, and we upgrade
TP (A): RMB21.55 (23.6%)
our rating from HOLD to BUY on ZTE-A.
Investment Highlights
2017 to RMB19,332m in Q3 2018. The YoY decline in turnover in Q3 2018 was less than the
27% YoY drop in 1H 2018. The Q3 2018 turnover figures were still distorted by the US export
ban. The Company reported a net profit of RMB564.5m in Q3 2018, at the mid-point of previ-
ous guidance. This represents a 50.4% YoY drop from RMB1,138.4m in Q3 2017, but a turna-
round from a net loss of RMB7,824.2m in 1H 2018. ZTE's blended gross profit margin im-
proved to 36.5% in Q3 2018, a multi-year high, in our view, due to a higher contribution from
the carrier network segment, which has a higher gross profit margin. ZTE's Q3 results were
also impacted by some one-off items, such as RMB200m in legal costs, impairment of credits &
assets, and a RMB251m mark-to-market loss on investments. ZTE's core operating perfor-
mance is solid excluding the impact of these one-off items. Higher R&D expenses, in our view,
Source: Bloomberg.
2018 vs. RMB5060.6m in 1H 2018. However, we believe that R&D expenses invested now will
translate into business opportunities in the coming years. ZTE issued a profit alert for 2018,
which guided a net loss of RMB6.2bn-7.2bn. This implies net profit will be in range of RMB60m
to RMB1bn. We still expect ZTE to report a QoQ increase in net profit in Q4 2018, as the Com-
pany is on the right track to recovery.
Local market potential to drive recovery. We share the view that the market might have
concerns about the growth outlook for ZTE, given potential market share loss in overseas mar-
kets in both the equipment and consumer products segments. We believe the consumer prod-
ucts segment will lag behind, but equipment and non-operator business should drive the recov-
ery in Q4 2018 and 2019, especially given 5G development in China. Since 5G is an area sup-
ported by the Chinese government, it will create growth potential for equipment makers such as
ZTE. In addition to wireless equipment, ZTE has invested in new technologies, which will allow
the Company to benefit from the adoption of new technologies like NB-IoT.
after ZTE's Q3 2018 results announcement. We keep our 2019 net profit forecasts, as we be-
Source: Bloomberg, Company data
lieve the Company is on the recovery trend. ZTE shares may come under pressure after the
Q3 2018 results announcement, which in our view, offers a good buying opportunity, especially
Mark Po, CFA — Senior Analyst
since infrastructure-related themes will be the focus in the hardware segment in 2019 & 2020.
Wong Chi Man, CFA — Head of Research
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.