This is the first time we've been covered by a report on the development of a major news flight (002230).
Smart cars are one of the most important terminals of the alot era, and the motorcades have entered the aiot era because they limit the scope of interaction in space, limit the way in which hands interact, and the very high technological threshold required for complex noise resistance.
Maximum dividends, different requirements for enterprises from the mobile Internet age: 1; hardware and software combinations or cloud-end-core configurations to enable terminals and operations to cover different types of debris scenarios; 2; enterprise architecture and business capabilities to adapt to cross-industry debris scenarios: 3; technological platforms for efficient reuse that enable fragmentation.
At the same time, the scene creates a positive cycle of data feedback. There is no doubt that the three main requirements are met, and the car scene becomes a major aiot market, because it limits space, limits interaction requirements and the very high technological threshold required for complex noise resistance.
In 20 years of deep-farming auto industry, the company's core technology has evolved into three generations of vehicle-borne interactions, which are still in the early stages of the second and third generation, compared to the 300-year-old movement of the Unit.
The "flying fish sound" of the company, as a pioneer in sound intelligence, opens up the big picture of the whole car. The "flying fish sound" builds up in the entire industrial chain of the smart cabin through its own technology platform plus track model, ultimately empowering the flying fish management system to ensure music.
• The ability of the Emperor to hear the sound is ultimately achieved through three combinations of audio systems, sound modems and algorithmic capabilities.
To benefit from the Opener Platform, the company has further integrated industry resources through the creation of the “SmartSmart Smart Audio Eco-Coalition Alliance.” The company’s online and open-source platform in 2010, the developers’ partners’ growing scale of applications and smart hard files developed on the basis of the Open Platform, and the developers’ partners’ “ends,” “chips,” and the “clouds” of the Open Platform have been integrated.
Through the platform and coalition model, multiple partners continue to provide big data in different segments of the audio field, providing strong support for the strategic layout of the Division. As a domestic artificial intelligence leader, the company is entering the artificial intelligence 2.0 phase.
The release of full-car intelligence shows a wild view of the company’s entire industry chain. Companies are expected to achieve 47/41 times their annual harvest in 21-23 years. Given the company’s full deployment in the Ay era, which covers the entire industry chain for the first time, there is a risk of competition in the market; new business does not advance as much as expected; users do not grow as expected.
Smart cars are one of the most important terminals of the alot era, and the most important of the current computer industry is that we're moving from the mobile Internet to the alot, the most important of which is the computational terminal moving from a standardized and unified platform to a non-standardized debris scene, and the smart gas.
Cars are one of the most important endpoints of the alot era. The standard terminal pc, the “killer-class” application on a mobile phone, is enough to feed on the age of the world, whether the basic hardware and software, the application scene, or even the business architecture, to adapt to the demands of the age of the “one-size-fits-all” to the “divide-sum-of-the-life” age of debris intelligence. The biggest dividend to enter the alot era is also for businesses.
Different from the requirements of the mobile Internet age: one, a soft and hard combination or a cloud-end-core full-scale layout to enable terminals and operations to cover different types of debris scenarios: two, business structures and business capabilities to adapt to cross-industry debris scenarios: three, technological platforms that can be efficiently reused to generate a positive cycle of data feedback while enabling debris scenarios.
Flight undoubtedly meets all three of the above requirements, and the car scene is an important aiot market for high visibility because it limits the scope of interaction in space, limits the interaction of hands, and sets the very high technical threshold required to counter noise. Figure 1: Aiot changes offer a full range of opportunities.
In 2011, the company began a 20-year process of deep convergence with the auto industry, starting with the production of the first generation of smart voice vehicles. According to the company’s network, more than 1,000 vehicle-type projects are being delivered, together with more than 90% of China’s autonomous cars and cars.
The joint venture works together to cover 29 million vehicles and more. Figure 2: Voice-on-Speech is a 20-year-old car, and the company's product overlaps and layouts are actually an evolutionary microcosm of core technology.
Identification, cognitive intelligence, etc., allows for a clear three-generation interaction, which is still at the end of the second generation and at the beginning of the third generation: the first generation, which is dominated by the underlying voice control function to recognize the interactive state in command words, began in 2017 with a shift to a multi-dimensional interactive search-oriented approach to identify the context.
In the meantime, the message has moved into the sound field to increase the visibility of the user's voice through software upgrades to simulate the effects of the sound field; while in the third generation of cars, after two generations of development, the interaction of voice is bound to take place from a multi-model, multi-regional, multi-passenger perspective, and to achieve a high-level sense of experience through the high-level acoustic area and the independent hearing subsector.
Fig. 3: The core of artificial intelligence technology continues to be the world's leading vehicle-mounted sound-filled new puzzles of whole-car intelligence. The ultimate form of car intelligence is full-scale, modeled intelligent interaction.
The technology is gradually falling, and the smart screens and autopilot experiences of 1/2 and 1/3 are reaching. The parts system has not been updated for decades, and the overall and intelligence patterns are not matched. The company's “flying fish sound” released on November 18, is designed to open up the pre-intelligent river of intelligence for the components.
Through its own technology platform + track model, the company develops technological advantages and accumulations in the entire industrial chain of the car smart module, ultimately giving it an audio management system capable of flying fish and ensuring smart-sounding effects of the music element separation technology. Depending on the firm’s deep cultivation of voice and combined vehicle operations, the company’s operations in the automobile sector are steadily increasing, with a total of $371 million in 2019, 2020.
Each year, with a double drop in the volume and output of cars worldwide, the same level of revenue is ensured. And the product of this launch is implemented in the interior, in the parking area, with multiple experiential functions and further improvements in the layout of the entire area of cars.
There are three main problems with the need for intelligence: 1) due to the small space in the vehicle, which is not enough to produce a mix, the sound comparison is good: 2) due to the internal structure of the vehicle, the installation of the speaker in the vehicle is not optimal, and the sound field is more complicated: 3) the relative position of the speaker in the vehicle is not optimal. And the flying fish system that addresses the three pain spots is advanced.
Soft and hardware configurations create seven major functions: audio-sophisticated space, virtual live sound, brand sound, exclusive audio, noise-reducing in cars, chatting excellence, acoustic space.
Capable of floating dsp processors, compared to traditional fixed dsp processors, high-performance dsp processors with 1ghz high-speed audio processing accelerators, 128 channel digital audio processing capabilities, and high-resolution audio supporting up to 24bit, 96khz, and ten times the performance of a fixed dsp processor that allows it to be far above the mainstream industry.
At the software algorithm level, flying fish smart audio management systems rely on autosar structures and company-specific sound and speech quality ratings, allowing for a full-scale, independent sound field partition and uninterrupted voice-interactive mode for masters, co-pilots, back row passengers. At the same time, a fully autonomous intellectual property 3d immersion with advanced sound algorithms, such as loops, enables instant high-quality audio restorations with virtual sound.
The high-precision technology of advanced smart vehicle sound systems, such as space learning, engine active noise reduction, and in-board communication compensation, can create a vast and unsophisticated sound field space for each vehicle. A single-wood forest, a “flying open platform” that speeds up commercialization and creates a full-scale conglomerate of assistive products.
After 10 years of nurturing and development, the developers' partners have developed applications and intelligence based on the open platform and are able to increase the size of hardware. The developers' partners' "ends", "core" and the open platform's "clouds" have been integrated and have become a flow that can be operated together. Openers' platforms are configured so that the development space for intelligent voice is far beyond downstream b-end brands.
On the one hand, technology providers can increase the “height” of technology output by providing a chip, a microphone array solution, a whole chain of arithmetic programs; on the other hand, the Open People's Platform makes it possible to standardize the modules of the R & D chain and further reduce the threshold for development configuration.
The company has developed alot rings of cloud-chip-end. Developer partners have developed applications and intelligence based on open platforms, hardware has grown in scale, and developers' "ends", "core" and "cloud" of open platforms have been integrated and formed.
A co-operateable flow. Currently, the cloud-chip-end biosphere has been successfully applied to the Toc product line. In end-of-life products, i-chips are used at the bottom of smart hardware equipment, such as a fly-translation machine, a fly-smart meeting system, a fly-by tape pen, and the top layer is embedded in a package.
A deep-sequence-breeded neural network to develop high-precision memory-enhanced multi-channel-to-end speech recognition technology to land typical applications such as voice input, voice interaction, voice recording, etc., and a telecommunications open platform to primarily provide users with autonomous software development platforms, and to develop the industrial ecology of users to provide, on a continuous basis, a line of decision-making for their future development strategies from end-use
Ten million partners have built an artificially intelligent ecology. Figure 7: The CMS Ecoosphere benefits from the Opener Platform, which brings together the company's “SMS Smart Sound Eco Coalition” to further integrate industry resources.
In the first ecological partners, the Himalayans provide packages for flying fish systems, as a platform for the production and distribution of high-quality audio content in the country.
290 million pieces of audio, including 98 categories, can meet the driving sound needs of different scenes; and as a national 5g-sounding new media platform, clouds have created a “scenario + smart radio stream” application in the vehicle-borne area, based on user behaviour and preferences, for different travel scenes, based on more than 800 broadcast frequencies on mobile ends, 3 million hours of audio content, pushing music, new music on demand.
The company, as a domestic artificial intelligence leader, is entering the stage of artificial intelligence 2.0. The company’s own vehicle-borne intelligence on the ai track.
The release of sound to complete the whole-of-a-car intelligentness of the company shows the wild view of the whole chain of the company ' s 'i', coupled with the high profile of the auto-smart industry, and is expected to further increase its market share. The company is expected to earn 169.3/226.999.5 billion in 21-23 years, with a full-time layout covering the entire industry chain, covering for the first time, with a "recommended" rating.
1. Market competition risks: car-to-car smart interaction is the ultimate pattern of car intelligence, with products being introduced gradually by Tier1 and companies facing risks such as product homogenization and increased competition; 2. New business does not advance as much as expected: vehicle sound sounds are located differently from autopilots, compared to autopilots, parts are intelligent.
3. User growth is not as high as expected: the growth of smart cars is not as high as it is expected to lead to a limited diffusion of corporate products.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.