Lei Wen Yi, who benefits from the high demand for semiconductor equipment and a robust growth in corporate revenue: in 2024, the company was able to collect.
56.18 million yuan, or +44.5 per cent, of which 4,057 million yuan, or +55.2 per cent, were collected for cleaning equipment, or 72.2 per cent, and 1,137 million yuan, or 20.2 per cent, for other semiconductor equipment (plating, stoves, etc.); and 246 million yuan, or 53.6 per cent, for advanced covered wet equipment, or 20.2 per cent.
This growth was mainly due to the company’s continued strong demand for equipment in China’s semiconductor industry and its remarkable success in expanding new customers and developing new markets. During this period, the company achieved a net return profit of 1,153 million yuan, or +26.7 per cent, compared with 1,109 million yuan, or +26.7 per cent.
The cash flow was $649 million, a significant positive change from the previous period, mainly due to an increase in corporate sales returns over the previous period, as well as an increase in the current period’s advance payments due to the increase in sales orders.
Washing, plating demand: The company insists on the strategic approach of “technology differentiation” and “product platforming” needles, successful layout cleaning, electroplating, coating, plating tubes, pecvd and semiconductor corrosion of compounds, etc. (1) Cleaning equipment: about 23% of the company's domestic market in 2023.
The six-monthly 2024 report, saps, tebo sound-cleaning technology and tahoe high-temperature sulphate-cleaning technology have reached the international level: significant improvements in q2 profitability, hbm
Pre-level. (2) plating equipment: the company has successfully achieved a bulk sale of plating equipment with a 3D stack of plating equipment capable of handling 3dtsv and 2.5dinterposer high-wide copper plating; the forward path is expected to generate a new dynamic for performance growth [in error].
The copper interconnection plating equipment in Damascus applies to the processes required in the 3d structure for finfet, dram and 3dnand; the back-track plating equipment meets the copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc. in the pillarbump, rdl, hdfan-out and tsv. (3) tiles: lpcvd has been passed
"Shanghai, China" (688082): semi-annual report 2024, certified and produced by a large number of fabs, and ald's entering the client's client's office. (4) Painting equipment: public notice: o2 profitability has improved significantly.
The Division's ultralith projective equipment supports various hbms, including i-line, krf and arf systems, which are expected to generate new drivers of performance growth.
Teos & sin process. (6) Unresponsible cmp, corrosion equipment, promising to import to clients  Profit Forecasting & Investment Rating: Growing Growth + Product Classes Growing in Corporate Homeship.
In 2024, the company achieved a revenue of 5.618 billion yuan, or +44.5 per cent, of which 4,057 million yuan, or +55.2 per cent, or 72.2 per cent, was spent on cleaning equipment, and 1,137 million yuan on other semiconductor equipment (plating, stoves, etc.), compared to which the company benefited mainly from the continued strong demand for equipment in the Chinese semiconductor industry and expanded and marketed for new customers.
Significant results were achieved in terms of development. During the period, the company achieved a net return profit of $1,153 million, compared with 26.7 per cent; the profitability of the company was relatively stable, the cost rate was slightly lower during the period, the inventory & contract liabilities increased significantly, and cash returns improved significantly.
Compared to +7.8 per cent, the q4 operating cash flow was $649 million, a significant positive change from the previous period, mainly due to an increase in corporate sales returns over the previous period, as well as an increase in the current period ' s advance payments due to the increase in sales orders. 4. Equipment such as platform-based layout cleaning, plating, coating, etc., is expected to benefit fully from hbm
The company adheres to the strategic approach of “technology differentiation” and “product platforming”, with successful layout cleaning, electroplating, annual home-to-country presence of about 23 per cent, and its saps, tebo sound-cleaning technology and tahoe high-temperature sulfate-cleaning technology have reached international leadership. (2) Electroplating equipment: companies have successfully achieved bulk sales of plating equipment,
A 3D stack of plating devices can handle 3dtsv and 2.5dinterposer high-wide copper plating; the forward Damascus copper interconnection plating equipment applies to the process required for finfet, dram and 3dnand in 3d structures; and the rear plating equipment meets the copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc. in Pillarbump, rdl, hdfan-out and Tsv
plating process. (3) Sterilized tubes: lpcvd has been certified and produced by various fabs, and ald has entered the client end validation. (4) Placing equipment: The company 's ultralith coating equipment supports various photo-marking processes, including i-line, krf and arf systems, and is currently being validated by the client. (5) pecvd equipment: already on the client end of the client
Certification of the teos and sin process. (6) No stress cap, etching equipment, which is expected to be imported into the client for certification. 5. Profit forecasting and investment rating.
The three major financial forecasting tables in Shanghai, Seong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have been certified as securities investment consulting operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.