Shen Mio Shanghai (688082.sh)
In 2024, the company issued an annual report with an increase of over 40 per cent in receivables and a 27 per cent increase in net profits, which was in line with expectations. In the long run, the company gradually expanded from cleaning equipment to the areas of glue, visualization, wet etching, with a high level of innovation in its performance of 4q24, with faster growth across business lines: benefiting from the global semiconductor industry recovery and the growth of the global semiconductor industry.
On the mainland, China's market demand was strong, with companies earning $5.62 billion in 2024, with a 44.5 per cent increase in yoy; Incentive costs were $290 million, an 87 per cent increase in the same year, excluding this factor, and the net profits of companies grew by 35 per cent in the same year.
About 55%; other semiconductor equipment (plating, rigid tubes, non-responsible brassing, etc.) earned 11.4 billion yuan, an increase of about 21% over the same period; advanced encapsulation of wet equipment earned 246 million yuan, an increase of about 54% over the same period.
Quarterly single-season corporate revenues of $1.64 billion, yoy growth of 44.1%, net profits of $400 million, yoy growth of 66%. Single-season revenues and profits are record high. As of 2024, contractual liabilities, product mix
1.1 billion yuan, an increase of 21 per cent from the end of 3q24, indicates that the demand for domestic equipment continued to rise at the end of the previous year, and that the demand for semiconductor equipment continued to rise: in the context of multiple rounds of pressure on China’s high-tech industry in the United States, China has a more pressing need for semiconductor advanced programming.
Chinese enterprises, which account for the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share, are trying to break through the semi-conductive institutional process, with the support of equipment manufacturers being particularly critical, and local equipment plants being given greater market space.
Profit forecast: Looking ahead, in addition to deep-deep cleaning equipment, the company actively expands the product mix of semiconductor equipment fields, successively rolling out electroplating equipment, copper removal equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, stand-up tube equipment, etc., and in core equipment areas such as front-curve film track equipment, pecvd, etc.
Realising a net profit of $1.53 billion and $1.76 billion a year, yoy grew by 33 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, ps chinaresearchdept.