2021: Internal logic continues to grow, Research Assistant Song Xiaodong incident: 9 February, Tianfu News released a 2021 performance report, Tianfu Communications 2021
Billion yuan, or 11.48 per cent increase in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of $282 million, higher than expected from year-on-year growth q4 and higher performance in the first quarter of history: $1.046 billion, or 19.75 per cent, is expected from communications according to the performance report 2021; net profit from maternity is expected to be realized
Achieving a net return profit of 98 million yuan, an increase of 50.77 per cent over the previous year, performance of a new generation of industrial demand in the historical single quarter of the digital economy, and active development of high-quality customers, both in and out of the country: in downstream demand, high capital spending by cloud traders at various ends of North America, and construction of telecommunications terminals in the second half of the year
The gradual acceleration, thanks to the company ' s active development of high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, and the global data centre modelling, has led to a sustained increase in demand for lightware products, resulting in a double increase in revenues and profits during the reporting period. In addition, the company ' s acquisition of Arctic photovoltaics (Henzhen) was limited in 2020.
The company and Suzhou Tianfu Fine Optics Ltd. have also produced a quantity of the company's revenue and profits from the high-speed light engine construction project, and the new product application expansion has brought new business growth points: The company's “high-speed light engine construction for 5 g and data centres” using fund-raising to build it.
The company makes use of T.I.T. (300394); T.T.S.
With the integrated R & D capability of the optical device platform, active expansion of production in the areas of laser radar and medical testing was reported in three quarters of 2021: use of finished products, exploration of cross-cutting extensions of corporate core capabilities, and search for new high-quality business growth points.
This has a small impact on performance, downstream, seeking long-term sound corporate growth.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to continued good downstream demand and the firm’s active development of the sea
High-quality clients, positive developments in the development of new products, we've returned the company to its motherhood 2021-2023 Growth, high-speed luminous engine construction project at first sight 2021-08-24.
Annual Report: The performance of the annual and quarterly reports Maintains a high growth in the number and telecommunications rounds East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board