\triangleright’s performance remained robust and resilient: in 2021, the company actively developed high-quality domestic and foreign customers, and the company’s ability to build a new growth pole for the future. \triangleright’s performance continued to grow robustly.
\triangleright The demand for lightware in the data centre market constructs the main driving force behind the growth of corporate performance, which is more resilient in the context of the relatively low demand for telecommunications markets, and the net profit from the recovery and repatriation continues to be the same.
The two-digit growth was 19.75% and 11.48%, respectively. At the same time, the company’s pre-investment project, “The high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and the data centre” was successful in achieving production volumes and beginning to make a positive contribution to performance after years of research and development.
The telecommunications market is expected to warm, and demand is expected to accelerate: on the downstream market, according to \triangleright
With the recent annual reporting performance of Microsoft, Amazon, Meta and Google, four q4 combined revenues and net profits of $2981 billion and $64 billion, respectively, an increase of 17.6 per cent and 30.3 per cent over the same period, the market expects the cloud giants to be on their base, given their high-calculation and flow requirements, with the official opening of the Zeus curtain.
On the side of the facility, a new round of capital spending competitions was opened, and the upstream lightware industry was expected to accelerate its progress into the landscape. On the demand side of the telecommunications market, since the second half of 2021, it has gradually turned back into a warmer orbit.
\triangleright Vehicle Fields: In the course of the company’s development, it has expanded and expanded its operations several times successfully. At this point, the company relies on the development of a platform of light devices that has been built for many years, using basic materials and components, light.
1. Where would the accumulation of expertise in a number of fields, such as major infrastructure investment in the meta-coastal, design, integrated encapsulation and acquisition of optical plating in the Arctic, be in the field of optical plating?
The advantages developed complement each other by extending back to downstream laser radar and medical detection areas to provide complementary products for customers. 2. [Human communications] Industry depth studies: Eye of the metacosystem (including basic component-type products and integrated packager products). Market space is wide, especially in related areas.
And -- the light device is expanding horizontally from b to c, and the industry is expected to respond to a full-scale outbreak, which is the continuous warming of the downstream demand in the intelligent vehicle field.
\triangleright Solution Provider, with a strong traditional no-source business and a clear synergy between active and non-source device operations
The new business extension is expected to open up room for companies to grow in the future. Maintain a “recommended” rating. Business development is less than expected. Research findings are drawn from methodological and analytical logic, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the content and perspective of the report is held accountable.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.