: zhoulingya@wkzq.com.cn
: luuyifan@wkzq.com.cn Nationalization is continuing, and the network is expanding. In the first half of 2022, local outbreaks were repeated, with a slight drop in the ring relative to q1 mainly due to local outbreak control, which has prevented shipments from collating with q2 rain in Guangdong Province.
In cash flow, 2022h1 companies achieved a return of $4,959 million, an increase of 21.5 per cent, of which q2 received a return of $2.64 billion, an increase of 15.9 per cent.
In addition, the number of distributors and terminals is a quantitative indicator of the company ' s nationalization process. As of 22h1, the company had 2,590 distributors and 2.5 million terminals, an increase of 12 per cent and 19.6 per cent, respectively, compared with the beginning of the year, and the number of sites continued to increase, thereby validating the progress of nationalization.
The cost of the active charge should be high, and the gross sales margin should remain high. The Māori ratio of 22H1,22q2 and the white sugar price of 39 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, and the cost of sales of 22H1 and 22q2 respectively reduced the marketing costs of the same period, while the management costs of 22H1 and 22q2 were 3.1 per cent and 2.7 per cent, respectively.
Stable, with cost-end increases and cost-side streamlining keeping the company’s gross sales spread high, the energy boom, the wings-China function beverages net interest rate of 22q2 increased by 1 pct on a year-on-year basis.
The path to expansion is becoming more robust and more powerful. After the company is on the market, the brand is becoming more sticky. By the end of 22h1, the company has achieved a cumulative 150 million non-repeated consumer sweeps, a cumulative sweep of more than 4 billion, a repurchase of more than 50% of consumers.
Half a year, the epidemic has improved, demand has warmed, cost pressures have improved, company performance is expected to go faster, medium- and long-term, looking at the company as a national business model, with clear logic and space, and competitiveness is expected to continue to maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
1. The nationalization of the company has not expanded as expected, the slowdown in end-market sales, changes in people ' s life habits have led to consumption of energy beverages, consumption of less frequently than expected, industry growth has slowed, and the cost of raw materials has continued to rise