The persistence of strong couriers in the express delivery industry has initially emerged, companies are in a leading position in the commercial express market, their share in the express delivery sector has been concentrated in the headlines, and the share of cr5 courier companies has reached over 10%, and there is still a trend to increase.
The public sector accounts for less than 8% of the industry, but it earns 15% of the industry. The company’s nuclear products are domestic couriers, always in the middle-to-high-end business area, in terms of service levels and product innovation.
And operating standards are leading the industry, leading the business delivery market, where more than 60% of the revenue comes from this area. Companies are actively promoting medium- and high-end power suppliers, modest economic products, stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
It is a useful complement to the corporate product system: companies have clear resource advantages in aviation, high iron, etc., and, through resource integration, are expected to create a more cost-effective mix of multiple products, offering more products and better services to their clients.
The company, starting with commercial express, is gradually developing a variety of express delivery services, such as prescription express, economic express, co-city distribution, warehousing service, international express delivery, heavy cargo transport services such as logistics, heavy cargo express, and cold-chain transport services for customers in the food and medicine fields.
In terms of composition, the revenue from the statute of limitations still accounts for half of the company's business, although the share of new and emerging business, including heavy and cold transport, is increasing, in the economy, cold transport, heavy goods industry.
As a result of this expansion, the company’s main business income is growing at a faster rate. Ups, the international market is projected to be at 2017-06-07, at a rate of over 18 per cent.
Over the years, companies have built on high-quality logistics services at distribution ends and have gradually expanded to the value chain.
End-of-life production, supply, distribution, distribution, etc., 2018, companies further M&As in the supply chain area have high-quality targets and quick access to industry solutions. In the future, companies will further access all types of resources across the network, show steady and sustained growth, have good profitability, and have a reasonable value of $45, correspondingly.
The company has developed an integrated logistics service network of three networks, Skynet+Landnet+Info, which is unique, scarce, and further consolidates and expands its advantage within the industry. After many years of development, the company is providing distribution.
On the basis of high-quality logistics services, the product, supply, distribution, distribution, distribution, etc. at the front end of the value chain, in 2018, firms further M&A high-quality targets in the supply chain area and quickly acquire industrial solutions. Companies will grow in the future, have a good profitability, have a reasonable value of $45, and the corresponding market gain is 30 times higher for the public.
The Division’s “buy-in” investment rating.1 The speed of growth in the company’s courier business has slowed, but the focus on fast-carrying, cold-chaining, matchmaking, etc. will continue to grow rapidly over the years, increasing the share of the company’s business.
(b) Corporate costs include mainly the categories of employee remuneration (including outsourcing), transportation costs (including outsourcing), office and rental costs, material and materials costs, depreciation costs and amortization costs.
The main assumptions that companies are expected to have in 2019 are as follows:
The share of cr5 courier companies has reached more than 10%, and there is still a trend towards increasing. Companies’ business has always been in the middle-to-high-end business areas, with business growth being lower than that of other top firms, but still surpassing industry averages. Companies’ business is less than 8% of the industry, but their income is 15% of the industry.
The firm’s single-ticket income level is significantly higher than the industry average, and the “3 by 1” and 100th century, with the rapid growth of heavy-cargo transport operations, the company’s single-ticket income has been reduced by zero. Starting with the business express, the company has gradually developed into a prescription express, an economic express, a match with the city.
A variety of courier services, such as delivery, warehousing services, international couriers, logistics, heavy cargo, etc., and cold-chain transportation services for customers in the food and medicine fields. In terms of the composition of the operations, the revenue from the statute of limitations still accounts for half of the company’s operations, although the share of new and emerging operations, including heavy and cold shipments, continues to grow.
Increases, with the expansion of the economy, cold transport, heavy cargo operations, have seen faster growth in the company’s main business revenues. Express operations will be directly affected if economic growth is lower than expected and national income levels change. (ii) The pattern of competition in the industry does not match expectations.
Significant changes in the pattern of competition in the sector and further increases in competition will continue to reduce the level of income from the single ticket in the industry. (iii) Developments in consumer consumption demand below expectations are closely linked to consumer purchasing capacity if consumption is lower than expected
In 1993, Hwang Fung was born in Guangdong-Shunde and, unlike other private couriers, started with business, with a focus on the development of high-end power suppliers, on the basis of which future efforts will be directed towards becoming the leading domestic express logistics integrated service provider, building the capacity to deliver integrated logistics solutions to clients, and providing warehousing management and marketing to customers.
A package of solutions, such as prediction, big data analysis, financial management. First, a three-way network, with large-scale and networked coverage for the Mid- and High-end Express Rivers, involves tens of thousands of business sites and hundreds of thousands of employees.
At present, the Consistency Holdings have developed an integrated logistics service network with three networks: Skynet+Landnet+Infonet, covering the country and abroad, and a business model with strong control over the entire network. Corporate headquarters has ownership and operational authority, headquarters leadership over the regions, pooling of resources, and integrated planning.
The straight-line model is based on a uniform accounting system and standardized management of the direct-camp sites. Corporate headquarters controls the entire courier network and core resources, including receiving points, hubs, main-line transportation, aviation hubs, aircraft, vehicles, drop-in distribution, staff, etc., with absolute control over the entire network chain, income and distribution received.
The cost of living, welfare of personnel, acquisition of vehicles, etc. are all integrated into the headquarters consolidation, thus effectively safeguarding the effectiveness of the corporate strategy and the achievement of business objectives.
(i) Ten years of sustained investment in the construction of the largest domestic air fleet, the largest cargo carrier in the country, which accounts for 24 per cent of the country ' s total domestic air traffic by mail. In 2009, the company was set up as the first private company to own a freight carrier.
At present, the company is leading the industry in terms of the number, number and capacity of its own cargo aircraft (of which 767, 5, 757, 27, 747:1, 737, 17), the average age of its own cargo aircraft is 23.26 years.
The route transport network has gradually evolved from a point-to-point hub-radiotype to a network model with Hangzhou as the national air hub, Shenzhen, Beijing as the regional hub, and other stations as the secondary airport, with 65 routes covering 43 major cities in the country (including Hong Kong, Taipei) and Osaka, Ho Chi Minh City, with Hondo holding the full cargo aircraft on board.
Over the next three years, companies are expected to have 80 units of their own, building air transport networks based on the four full cargo aircraft types: 737, 747, 757, and 767.
On 13 December 2017, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Shun Fongtaison, signed an agreement with the People ' s Government of Hubei Province on cooperation on the project on the international hub for logistics in Hubei Province.
RMB 2.3 billion for the establishment of the Hubei International Logistics Airport Limited, with 46% shareholding. According to the plan, the runway system in the airport area was designed to meet the 2030 target of 1.5 million passenger throughputs, 3.3 million tons of mail throughput, and facilities such as terminal and trans-shipment centres were designed to meet the 2025 target of 1 million passengers throughput.
In the future, the company will build and refine the hub to further optimize its air network structure and downfall.
Low operating costs, consolidation of Skynet core competitiveness, and better product timeliness, greater service stability, construction of high-end integrated logistics services, and improved customer satisfaction. It is foreseen that companies will focus on the Orzhou airport in the future, creating a network of routes that cover the entire country, the radiation world, and that is expected to generate products that generate high-end logistics demand.
Business bases, which provide a stronger impetus for the growth of future operations. (ii) A national delivery service network has been established and expanded to major countries around the world. The radiation breadth and depth of the express delivery network determines the timeliness of the delivery and influences the operations of firms in the industry.
The company has established a national delivery service network and expanded to major countries around the world. Currently, the company covers 336 local municipalities, 2775 district-based cities, and nearly 156,000 self-employed points.
International preferential operations involve 54 countries, including the United States, the European Union, Russia, Canada, Japan, Korea, ASEAN, India, Brazil, Mexico and Chile; international small-pack operations cover 225 countries and regions around the world.
Dispersal sites, 44 of which are now in use, have a fully automated sorting system, with a maximum capacity of 150,000 pieces/hours for the maximum range of fully automated sorting equipment. The company has 170 different types of warehouses, covering nearly 1.77 million m2, covering more than 100 priority cities in four regions of the country, forming a network of radiation-sensitive warehousing services throughout the country.
At present, the company holds a total land area of approximately 6,173 acres of logistics sites, a total planned construction area of about 3.68 million square metres, a construction area of about 1.1 million square metres, and a total net book value of about RMB 10.2 billion.
Holdings have successfully deployed industrial parks in 41 cities, and in the future will use the Group's existing resources to meet internal needs while further increasing the deployment of core strategic resources to create regional industrial innovation, collaborative industrial service parks and industrial service providers through the dual-nuclear drive of Express + High-end Logistics and Internet + Industry Services
Since its inception, companies have focused on strong back-office system research and development, and have developed autonomously intelligent web platforms, including core operating systems for the flow of goods, smooth maps, big data platforms, information security platforms, smart-wire management platforms.
The company has developed an integrated logistics service network of three networks, Skynet+Genet, which is unique, scarce, and further consolidates and expands its leadership within the industry.
New business is expanding and will be a new growth point in the future. Companies, starting with business speed, have been expanding and gradually developed into a variety of courier services, such as prescription express, economic express, co-city distribution, warehousing service, international express delivery, heavy cargo transport services, etc., and
In terms of the composition of the business, the revenue from the statute of limitations still accounts for half of the company’s business, although the share of new and emerging operations, including heavy and cold transport, is increasing. After many years of development, the growth of traditional prescription products, international couriers, has slowed down, but in the economy,
With the expansion of cold and heavy cargo operations, the company ' s main business income continues to grow at a relatively rapid pace, but the overall size has entered a relatively stable phase of growth. (i) Traditional express delivery operations are in the lead in the area of commercial couriers
The company’s core product is its domestic expressive business. The company’s domestic expressive business has been at the forefront of the industry in terms of service levels, product innovation, and operating standards, providing customers with high-priced products that match price and timeliness expectations, and meeting the diverse needs of different client groups, including, among other things, fast, fast, fast-forward, fast-forward,
The company is in a position of leadership in the commercial express market, and more than 60% of the company’s revenue comes from this area. With the growth of power suppliers, the company has also been active in launching medium- and high-end power suppliers, modestly rolling out economic products, serving as a useful complement to the company’s product system, and promoting an increase in business growth in this sector in 2018.
28%. In August 2018, a joint venture between Sino-Change Holdings and China-Change Express formed the China-Change International Express, of which the Sino-Change Express accounted for 55% of the shares and 45% of the shares, operating such industries as high-speed, fast-carrying, and rail-cross-border electric freight platforms. Companies took the lead in acquiring high-fer resources, making them the most powerful couriers using railways.
Specifies the range of services and the time of dispatch Specifies the scope and time of the services Receive and receive within, commit to the next morning
Inbound, committed by 2000 on the same day.
I'll be there at 1:00 a.m. on the next day.
Delivery within the designated service range, maximum projected sales, inventory management, delivery by 23:59.
It's a national warehouse, re-sales, post-sale maintenance, etc.
"Providing personalization and silo integration, storage + distribution + post-sale"
(ii) The company's heavy cargo transport operations are provided mainly to manufacturers of products in light industries such as clothing, electronics, hardware, furniture, etc.
Brand distributors, currently covering 31 provinces and 289 cities across the country, 21 heavy cargo transit sites, 717 heavy cargo points, and more than 4,000 heavy cargo transport vehicles. Companies launched a logistics rollout in 2014, a high-carrying run-off in 2015, a straight-line rollout for professional markets in 2017, and a high-speed roll-out in 2018
20-100 kg of heavy packages and 100-500 kg of small bills. Heavy cargo transport products are an important part of the fast-forward logistics industry, providing a diversified, passenger-made heavy cargo transport service to customers on the one hand, and helping companies to make full use of surplus resources and reduce the overall operating costs of smooth stock holdings on the other. In 2018, companies acquired new states.
Logistics, with the establishment of a “spirit-for-faire” to speed up fast-moving operations, it is expected that, in 2019-2022, the company's heavy cargo operations will develop faster, with a combined 80 per cent increase in revenues of over 18 per cent.
Positioned above 20 kg for land transportation as a class of heavy cargo delivery, mainly for economic zero-load logistics products.
In 2014, the company launched a chilling operation to provide integrated supply chain solutions for customers in the raw food industry, including:
The company’s cold transport network now covers 139 cities and surrounding areas, with 51 food cold banks, food stores, and food products.
The freezer operates an area of 234,000 square metres, equipped with advanced automated refrigeration equipment, a system for monitoring the temperature and humidity of the brain, standard professional operating management, integrated, high-standard cold storage and distribution of multi-temperature areas such as refrigeration, cooling, heat and normal temperatures, and with 681 main food transport lines in their own refrigerators,
To the north-east, north-east China, east China, south-east China, and central cities in China. The raw electricity industry has been growing faster, reaching $21.3 billion in 2018, an increase of 49.9 per cent. According to a report issued by the China Logistics and Procurement Consortium, the cold-chain market is expected to reach $470 billion by 2020, and the outlook for the cold-chain market is good.
The new summer rolls of corporate holdings will help the company further open its markets from the c end of the cold chain to the b end. Figure 19: Cold transport of commodities such as perishable food products, all the way.
The refrigerated car at point, point and many, the temperature-to-door distribution service, the cargo is not enough for the entire truck.
A relatively fixed cross-regional cold, small batch of zero-load logistics services.
Cold storage, packaging, sorting and distribution of goods, information flow and integrated cold transport services Districts with 3 gsp certified medical warehouses, 29,800 m2 of operation of the medical cold depot, licensed for pharmaceutical operations, gsp certification, license for medical appliances and the National Department of Monitoring and Administration of Food and Drugs
The door is fully certified and licensed, such as the "Combating a Pilot for Modern Logistics for Third Party Pharmaceuticals": with 24 major lines of medicine, connecting the central cities of Northeast, Northeast China, East China, South China, and Central China, certifying the presence of 209 trucks with a fully developed logistics information system and an autonomous tcems full-range visual monitoring platform.
The main clients of the pharmaceutical industry are Bayer, Mersardon, Al Qaeda, China.
In the future, pharmaceutical policies such as “two votes” and “pharmacists” and “net buying” will bring about major changes in the field of medicine circulation, and more growth in the transport of easy medicines is expected.
Temperature sensitive drugs/reagents, hypothermia, medical devices, door-to-door distribution, transport of biological samples, etc.
There's not enough medical cargo to transport the whole car.
Multiple batches, small batches of zero loads, specialized distribution services for pharmaceutical goods, pharmaceutical dealers.
Cold medicine, raw materials, medicine, circuits, storage, circulation, etc.
Freehold Holdings has been active since 2010 in expanding international package services for domestic and foreign manufacturing, trading and cross-border industries.
Exporters and consumers provide easy and reliable international courier and logistics solutions and now operate courier services in the United States, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Viet Nam, Australia, Indonesia, India, Russia, Mongolia, Estonia, Cambodia, and cross-border b2c and electricity dealers in more than 200 countries and regions.
Operations. In May 2017, companies and ups established a joint venture in Hong Kong to develop and deliver international logistics products, focus on cross-border trade, and expand global markets. The joint venture has been formally established and is operational, and intensive service networks between the two countries in China and the United States will bring greater competitiveness to cross-border business development.
Economic international courier services, needles, trans-shipment imports for customers who are insensitive to prescription requirements.
In 2017, the company moved into the immediate distribution area of the same city, covering most of the country's capital cities.
The city, second-line and part of the third-line cities provide high-quality peer-to-city logistics distribution services to major brand clients such as the garment industry, the catering and catering industry, the commercial super-industry, the consumer electronics industry, the platform industry, and the mainstream brand clients: Kentucky, McDonald's, Texas, Pedu, Tenon, etc.
A short-distance delivery service in the shortest possible hour from the city to the commercial store.
iii. Taking advantage of medium- and high-end courier operations, integrated and dynamic logistics services, our couriers are divided into state-owned couriers, private couriers and foreign couriers, among them state-owned couriers.
These include, inter alia, China Express, civil aviation couriers, private couriers, cashiers, couriers, couriers, couriers, couriers and couriers, and foreign couriers, mainly four major international couriers, Fedex, ups, dhl, tnt. After many years of development, foreign couriers are now mainly concentrated in international couriers.
Domestic private couriers such as Fung and “Thirty-Thirty” account for 80% of domestic couriers. (i) The maximum daily processing capacity in the express delivery sector is over 400 million, the volume of business growth is slowing down gradually, after a decade of rapid growth, and the speed of the express delivery sector is slowing down.
Cumulatively, 50,711 million cases were completed, an increase of 26.6 per cent over the same period: cumulative business income was 60,38,844 million, an increase of 38,190 million, an increase of 27.5 per cent over the same year: cumulative international/Hong Kong Austen business volume was 1,110 million cases, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period.
Currently, the market share of the express delivery sector is concentrated towards the head business, and the consistent trend of the top-head business is beginning to emerge, with the number of couriers in the top five in terms of volume having reached more than 10%, and there is still a trend to increase. Business booming is always in the middle and high-end business sector, with companies growing at a lower rate than other top-ups, but still doing so.
Companies account for less than 8% of the industry, but they earn 15% of the industry. Companies have good service levels and branding effects at the mid-to-high end of the business, with electric couriers (ii) far higher single fares than the industry, and differential layouts create middle-to-high.
In terms of the income level of the single ticket, the terminal bill income of the express delivery industry has been declining, although the rate of increase has slowed. By the number of orders, the sum of over 11 billion orders in 2018 has already reached 20% of packages for the express delivery industry. More gmv has been growing rapidly, monthly life coverage has been increasing, and orders have been ordered.
It is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with its “low-growth” strategy continuing to lower the level of single-ticket revenue in the express delivery sector, and predicting that the pricing of terminal prices in the express delivery sector will continue at a low-price stage. Based on the firm’s business positioning, the company’s single-ticket income level is significantly higher than the industry average and the “three-to-one” and 100-year-olds, under rapid growth in heavy-cargo transport operations.
(iii) Building capacity for integrated logistics solutions through acquisitions. The capacity for integrated logistics solutions is one of the core competitivenesss of the logistics industry in the future.
Building the capacity to provide comprehensive and integrated solutions for clients, based on the provision of high-quality logistics services at the distribution end, firms ' operations gradually extend to production, supply, distribution, distribution and distribution at the front end of the value chain, using large numbers of clients, using analytical and cloud computing techniques to provide customers with warehousing management, sales forecasting, big data analysis, financial management, etc.
Sub-solutions. The company began in 2014 from a single express delivery integrated logistics to continuously upgrade its service capacity to meet client diversification needs and to address customer logistics pain points, to develop heavy cargo transport operations from traditional courier products to weight extension, to develop medical logistics and food cold transport to temperature expansion, to develop international components to geographical expansion and to expand to new retail modes.
In the future, the company will further access the full range of resources and business capabilities of the network, providing a one-stop shop for clients. In 2018, the company quickly acquired the capacity of industry solutions through the acquisition of high-quality targets in the supply chain.
The United States has the world’s leading cold-chain and multi-temperature food distribution technology, leading the world’s cold-chain logistics and temperature-controlled distribution centres, and is a standard-setting and global leader in supply chain management.
With a professional, high standard, integrated cold chain service capability, the advantage of large client service is evident at the end of 2b. (2) Acquisition of dhl supply chain operations in China: in October 2018, the company worked strategically with the German Postal Househouse Group to integrate dpdhl supply chain operations in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.dhl supply in China
Chains have a strong supply chain solution capacity in such areas as automobiles, technology, medical care, consumer electronics and semiconductors, and in high-end and segmented markets, dhl supply chain management operations have high market ownership and are able to provide a variety of leading high-value-added uniforms (3) Participation in international freight forwarding platform flexport: flexport mainly provides cargo, customs and cargo to customers by land, sea and air
Transparency services, such as physical insurance, that provide full access to international freight forwarding links, electronicization and visualization of the entire process. As companies gradually integrate the supply chain resources and capabilities of these 2b head clients, combining the company’s medium- and high-end client capacity with a wide network coverage of 2c to provide customers with automated warehousing, zero loads, cross-border logistics, prefixing
The supply chain links, such as warehousing, terminal transportation, reverse logistics, after-sale maintenance, provide smart system support to customers in areas such as sales forecasting, silo planning, siloing, transfer with the city, and provide integrated process-wide supply chain logistics services to customers, including procurement logistics, production flows and sales logistics.
The speed of growth in the company’s courier operations has slowed, but the focus on fast-moving, cold-chain, collegiate, etc. will continue to grow rapidly over the years, gradually increasing the share of the company’s business. We expect the company’s main business volume, single-card income levels, and business income growth rates to be as shown in the following table:
Corporate costs include mainly the categories of employee remuneration (including outsourcing), transportation costs (including outsourcing), office and rental costs, material and materials costs, depreciation costs and amortization costs. Corporate logistics services are still expanding and are continuously investing over the last three years in areas such as packages of fast and cold chains. The main assumptions for the company in 2019 are as follows:
The logistics integrated solutions capacity is one of the core competitivenesss of the logistics industry in the future. After years of development, companies have gradually expanded into production, supply, distribution, distribution, etc. at the front end of the value chain, based on the provision of high-quality logistics services at distribution end.
In 2018, companies further M&As in the supply chain were able to obtain industrial solutions quickly. In the future, companies will further access a wide range of resources and business capabilities across the network, providing a one-stop integrated logistics service to their clients.
(i) Macroeconomic growth is lower than expected and courier operations will be directly affected if the economic growth is lower than expected and national income levels change.
(ii) Unsatisfactory patterns of competition in the sector; significant changes in patterns of competition in the sector and further increases in competition will continue to decline in the level of single-ticket income in the industry; (iii) lower than anticipated consumer demand
The development of the express delivery business is closely linked to the consumer's purchasing power, and if consumption is lower than expected, it will affect the delivery industry, the Institute's sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.