Three-quarterly review 2023: Super-expected profits, global layout, 29 October 2023 Multi-market enabling long-term growth in performance
Keywords: #Export orientation Events: Companies issued 3-quarter reports in 2023, q3 yielding 9.36 billion yuan (same - 5 per cent), net profit to mothers of 620 million yuan (same - 34 per cent) and profit supermarket expectations.
▪ The three-quarters performance was not volatile, and the overall harvest was still significant: the company achieved q3 in 2023 in a single quarter of the year, a year-to-34%, and the ring-to-five%. The quarterly income, net profit, fluctuated little, mainly as a result of the smooth scale and production pace of the company’s business-related electronic consumption.
The benefits remain at a high level, mainly as a result of faster delivery of new operations, such as automobiles and photovoltaic storage, and rapid growth in revenue; with continued management-level downswing efficiency, with the arrival of q4 consumer electronics, improved overseas layouts and continued expansion of new operations, we value the company.
It is expected that long-term profitability will continue to rise. The global market is diversified, focusing on new and emerging consumer electronics industries: corporate consumer electronics are moving further towards diversification, making a lot of progress in xr, folding screens, man-made robots, etc.
Head clients in the field of ball xxr provide core components such as soft function devices, plastics, radiator solutions, chargers, etc. The products are expected to be produced in the next year, with a significant increase in the scale of income.
With regard to smart phones, companies develop carbon fibre products to optimize chains and screen structures, improve the life-cycle and experience of the entire machine. Compromise screen phones, by virtue of their high technological thresholds and high value added, will greatly expand the space available for their application.
Sex has become a new growth point in the current smartphone market and will provide important opportunities for companies to develop. We believe that companies are consumer leading consumer electronics suppliers with the potential to strengthen their advantages in the area of consumer electronic structures.
▪ Automobile/photovoltage ups and ups and downs and ups and downs and ups in the market share of new and new energy automobiles, industry has been steadily growing as automobiles have been evaluated globally
In addition, in August, the company entered into an order-purchase agreement with the Department of Power Batteries under the flag of a company in Germany to supply the customer with power cell caps, slices, and so on.
In mid-2023, you earned about $2.2 billion in 2029.
Clients in source areas provide micro-photo-reverse-moderator odm surrogate services.
Efficiencies and energy policy support provide companies with a wide range of space to travel to the sea.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on the growth in the company’s new business expansion, we have upgraded the company East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.