Income profits continue to rise, cars + photovoltaic high-speed sites 30 October 2023
Realization of gross operating income of $24,646 million, i.e. 0.09 per cent; realization of a net return of $1.87 billion, i.e. a sustained increase in profit from income of 23q3 and a sustained increase in the Māori rate. Total operating income of $24,646 million, i.e. 0.09 per cent, for the first three quarters of 2023; net return of $1.87 billion, i.e. +5249 per cent, industry
Large customer share &asp continues to rise, companies continue to maintain their R & D inputs, produce product mixes, optimize and reduce efficiency gains, strengthen cost-control, and improve overall operational efficiency, 3q23 s010521120004
The consumer electronics industry is steadily moving forward, and the big customer share & number continues to rise. The company focuses and consolidates the loss.
Cost-effective e-business advantages, solid functionality, structure, etc. core business has been growing steadily, with a steady increase in the share of large clients and a steady increase in product lines, active expansion of products such as laptops, tablets, smart enough to wear equipment, new growth points in layout. At the same time, AppleVisionpro has opened a space plan.
23-year-old Quarterly Review: Sustained Profitability, Pluralism, Age of Calculus, Company as the core partner of the Vr/ar leaders in and out of the country, looking at the trend of ai+xr, the next layout creates a long-term advantage - 2023/05/05
The company adheres to a multi-centre internationalization development strategy, printing 3. In-depth reports (00260.sz) on precision, Viet Nam, Brazil, the United States and Turkey, among others, will be released gradually, and overseas production bases will be profitable.
In the case of new energy vehicles, new growth engines are being built. In August 2023, the company and Germany have built five major production bases: Lake States, Suzhou, Sunyang, Foding, Chengdu, and others.
The company has entered into purchase order agreements with the power cell subsidiaries of the factory, which are expected to increase cumulatively if the agreement is successfully implemented, with revenues of around RMB 2.2 billion between 2025 and 2029. With regard to photovoltaics, the company has provided micro-photo-reverse odm replacements to its internationally leading clean energy clients through its overseas production base.
In the future, companies will continue to benefit from the increased capacity of the offshore photovoltaic market and the production of productive energy from the completion of the production base, creating new growth points in performance. vr/ar+robot+car+PV, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.