High-end pilot, global vertical. High-end strategic leader and global operator pole. Company forward-looking layout."
The high-end + globalization strategy, which has established global power poles for more than 20 years, is one: product + brand + channel that builds solid barriers. Casati is good at cutting high-end consumer pains, leading high-end home-based innovation, branding focuses on high-end community camps.
Market value (RMB): 25.35 yuan for sales, building seven-star services to improve the stickyness of users, combined with the breadth and depth of the channels, the first share of the top household electricity market for eight consecutive years, 2404 cassatis's income of the same year and above 30 per cent.
2) Systemization + scenery opens up the space for growth. For the fourth year in a row, Cassarty has been running a home-set line of apparel products, which has increased its integration with the scenery brand of three-wing birds, with sales equal to +64.6% for 24 years, and sales have reached 35% of sales of three-wing birds. In the long run, Cassarty is expected to do so.
Through the integration of brands with the platform’s resources, sales from the sale of products to the sale of goods to the sale of goods have been scaled up to increase the price of passenger shares and the rate of transformation through value innovation. Globalization: 1) Efficient global synergy, leading the seaboard process.
The North American share of the anti-heavy and post-poo advantage continues to grow: rapid expansion in Eastern Europe, robust growth in Western Europe, which is expected to contribute to improved profitability through brand upgrading + optimized supply chains; and south-east.
In Asia/South Asia, the 24-year-old ratio +14.8 per cent/+21.05 per cent between the two-way break-up of the industrial chain and the upgrading of the central and eastern African Egyptian industrial parks, where local production is now available and potentially large. With regard to mature markets, the advantage of the Heir global industrial chain has been highlighted.
Manufacturing R & D leads, brand upgrades are coupled with product innovation and continue to grow faster than industry, with electricity sales in North America and Western Europe amounting to 4.9 per cent, 4.6 per cent and Heel 6.6 per cent and 16.1 per cent respectively, respectively, in the emerging markets, with domestic electricity demand expanding space on a large scale.
Large, up-front investments in Hale pipeline expansion, capacity-building, etc., continue to materialize and are expected to fully absorb penetration rates and demographic dividends, long-term space.
Operating poles, where the domestic export structure is expected to be optimized with Kassarty, the integration + scenario opens up long-term space, and the overseas share of the pipeline + industry chain is expected to deepen further Exchange rate fluctuations; fluctuations in overseas demand; price volatility of raw materials; tariff and trade policy changes
Cleaning up more services, Hair thinker: high-end strategic leaders + global home-grown utility poles 1.1, global white power taps for deep-farmers
Hale Jiji's predecessor dates back to the Qingdao refrigerators, which were established in 1984. In 1993, he landed a share in Qingdao, and in 2019, the company's securities were changed to Haldjit, marking a full transition to the eco-brand of the intelligent family. In December 2020, Heil's electrical appliances were privatized, and the smart business block was placed on the market as a whole.
Over a decade of deep cultivation, the company’s strategy of “high-end + globalization” has reached its harvest:
1) The domestic market has been fully priced through three major brands: Haile (mainstream market), Casati (high-end market), and Leader (rejuvenation market), which in 2006 created the high-end home brand, Kassati, which has been stable for eight consecutive years in China, leading to continued optimization of the Heir exit structure.
2) Overseas markets, after many years of home-grown operations, have achieved a 50% rate of overseas revenue. Overseas revenues are in Central Europe and the United States, with nearly 80% in 24 years. Emerging markets such as South Asia + South-East Asia + Central and East Africa have continued to grow in recent years.
The Heil thinker has launched an internationalization strategy since 1998, upgraded to a global branding strategy in 2005, and achieved a key breakthrough in 2016 in the European and American markets, building barriers to competition through “resource synergies plus localization.” In the strategic layout of global markets, a series of M&As have been expanding their business maps to enhance brand influence and market competitiveness.
1) Branding Strategic Explorer Phase: In 2011, Hale acquired the full share of Japanese utility businesses such as washing machines and refrigerators in Japan and South-East Asia at a cost of about 10 billion yen, involving nine wholly or jointly financed companies in mainland Japan and South-East Asia.
In 2012, Haile acquired Fiji, a New Zealand electric company, for $700 million.
The stock holding rate has reached 100%. As a New Zealand national treasure brand, with advanced technology and a good brand image, this merger has further enhanced Haile’s technological and brand competitiveness in the high-end power market, and has also added an important dimension to its layout in Australia and the global market.
2) Global branding strategy maturity: In 2016, Heir acquired 100% of G.E.C., with a total transaction value of about $5.58 billion. General Electric has a strong brand base and a wide network of channels in the US market, and this buy-in enabled Hal to successfully enter the U.S.
At the top of the market, a brand premium was achieved, while at the same time improving Heir’s global market layout, raising his global home power by buying 100% of Italian company Candy’s shares in 2019. Candy’s high profile and market share in the European market further consolidated Heir’s position in the European market and increased his competition in the European market.
In 2024, Heil Jijit acquired full ownership of ccr and kwikot. The acquisition of ccr contributed to the advance of Heili Jieji's Cold Chain strategy, which expanded Heir's business map in the field of commercial refrigeration, while providing strong support for the company’s European market development.
Further promotion of commercial refrigeration business development in Asia and the Pacific, etc.; acquisition of the 100-year South African hot water brand kwikot, consolidation of Hale wisester's business layout in the field of water heaters, and further promotion of a rapid penetration of white power into the South African market.
Heir has made seven core brands (Hair, Kassa) that have been created by seven major clusters of brands covering consumers from all walks of life around the world.
Tee, Leader, Gepplicances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel, aqua) to achieve the main global market guest group China: a brand matrix of "Kasati (high end) + Haile (mainstream) +leader" full coverage Europe and America: the North American market through "monogram (super-high-end custom) +café + geprofile (high-end full)
+ge (middle and upper end) +haier (mainstream) +hotpoint (economic) full market penetration; Europe’s markets, Etohael and Candy, have two major brands in the public market. Asia-Pacific + Australasia: the Japanese market uses the "aqua+Haer" dual brand strategy, while Austronews is dominated by local national brands,fpa.
Emerging: the aqua brand is already branded in the South-East Asian market. In 2024, companies strategically acquired kwikot (a South African professional water heater) to further strengthen emerging market layouts.
High-end: Casati leads, high-end markets have long-term growth space. 2.1 Industry end: high-end is key to a breakup, demand has long-term expansion space. In the short term, state supplementation has led to an increase in domestic electricity demand.
According to the Ovienet, the sales of air conditioners, washing machines, oil-smoking lines were increased by 26.9%, 7.6%, and 17.5% respectively from the beginning of the 25th to the end of May. High-end household power has benefited from a significant increase.
According to the National Annual Report on the Electricity Industry 2024, the share of sales in refrigerators over $10,000, over $8,000, embedded in the washing machine line increased by 1 pct, and 12 pct. The 25-year national reductive effect is still significant, and according to the Ovi Clouds Network, the share of sales on the air conditioning/refrigeration/washer/smoking machine high-end product line in May 25th, respectively.
+4pct/+3pct/+7pct/+5pct,+1pct/+4pct/+2pct/+5pct. Chart 7: 24 year-long upscaling of the share of high-end household electricity under the domestic line
The high-end household electricity market is large, and we measure it for 24 years or more, or more than 70 billion. Because of the higher average price of Kassati's core sku than O. Wievenet's classification of high-end household electricity prices, we use the price belt of Casay's core product as a criterion for dividing it by reference to Oveyun's share of the corresponding price belt on and below the line to estimate the current market size of the high-end home power.
In the long run, we still have plenty of room for expansion of our high-end home power. High-end household power is essentially a durable consumer product that the public is willing to pay a higher premium by increasing its functional value plus its emotional value, and we believe that it is more than the average consumer.
There is a potential audience. The number of middle-aged and above classes in the country has increased steadily in recent years, and according to McKinsey's 2023 McKinsey Consumers' Report, annual income >160,000 yuan per household is defined as Chinese and in figure 10: the size of our upper middle-income and upper-income groups has continued to rise.
According to the Survey of the Foundations of National Life, Japan's middle birth rate continued to decline from 64 per cent in 1985 to around 58 per cent in 2000, and remained stable at that level for the period 2018.
The above-mentioned projection of the size of the country ' s middle production is reasonable, but it also takes into account the fact that our per capita income is growing annually, with 160,000 yuan per household as the middle income line or a certain overestimate, so that we reflect this percentage as a parameter in the sensitivity analysis. The ratio of the country ' s population at birth and above and the power penetration rate at the high end of the household are used as parameters.
Variables, a sensitivity assessment of the size of our high-end household electricity market, assuming that the proportion of the country ' s middle class and above is 40 per cent and that the future high-end household electricity penetration rate reaches 30 per cent among middle-born and above, corresponds to a high-end household electricity market of $134 billion, which has nearly doubled over the above estimates.
At 24-year-olds, the average price of electricity is 2.2 at the lower end of the line: the product + brand + channel creates barriers to long-term growth, the synthesizing + ecology opens up the door, and Casati is firmly in the position of a high-end electric dragon in the country.
With better products, wider channels, and excellent brands and services, it has broken the long-standing monopoly of foreign capital on high-end domestic electricity markets and has become the highest in China’s high-end domestic electricity sector. According to data from China, since 2017, the Qasati brand has been a steady leader in the high-end electricity market in China.
Its retail share of core items such as refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, etc. continued to rank first. In 2024, the share of Kasati brand refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines in the market below China’s 15,000+ dollar line was 49%, 34%, and 88%.
Figure 13: The share of foreign brand washing machines has declined significantly since 2016, and has been rising for many years, with the strategic value of Casati's high-end brands highlighted. Our country's electricity penetration has risen rapidly since the “home and electricity downland” to a higher level, and in total, except for air conditioning, the amount of ice and washing has been significantly limited, according to industry.
Lines, free, ice, internal sales cagr in 2015-2024, 5.5%, 0.9%, 1.4%, and Qasati, through high-end product sales, have led to several increases in scale, 29.2 billion in 2023, or 13 times the scale in 2016, according to the Heir 2024 Eco-conference. In the long run, Qasati products, brands, and channel barriers are so deep that they are of strategic value.
The product + brand + channel creates solid barriers: 1) Products: Exploiting demand pains from high-end users, leading high-end household power functions, morphological innovation.
Satyr is good at digging up the demand pains of high-end users, building on the global accumulation of high-end home-based electrical design and manufacturing techniques, integrating home and artistic inspiration, and making breakthroughs in functions, appearances, ecology, so as to flatten, cell-level preservation, landscape solutions, and the 25-year-old Ai Eye Series to lead the technological innovation of ai+home power.
Visual recognition and ai decision-making technique that empowers traditional home-based active senses and enforcement to cross from “passive response” to “main service”. Refrigerators dynamically recognize the state of fresh food, smokers predict the risk of a boiler, washing machines can avoid mixing colours, air conditioners are unsophisticated and wet, and people are sent away, and multi-model interactively recreate high-end household electrical experiences.
2) Brands: Focusing on social marketing, the first seven-star service to create brand slogans. Casatist deep link to high-end circle users, continuing to build high-end images through high-end branding exhibitions and city experience centres. In terms of services, Casat was the first seven-star service standards to provide a full-process, high-quality service.
More rapid post-sale response, longer warranty and lifelong maintenance, etc., create differences in user experience and strengthen brand recognition.
3) Channels: Underline channels are wide and wide in scope and depth. From these channels, Casati has been promoting the creation of an office and a branding experience shop since 2013, with 2,600 newly opened and upgraded networks in Casati in 2014, with almost full network coverage, further breakthroughs in 2020h1 and 95 per cent of districts above the county level
Coverage; Heir has been promoting the development of Casatian into the landscape and the upgrading of sales through three-wing bird platforms since 2021, accelerated its presence in high-end shopping malls since 22 years, with more than 3,000 three-wing birdgates and more than 300 shopingmall in the country as of 23 years, with a wide range and depth of channels.
In terms of products, 21 has been running home-sets for four consecutive years, and the “polar system” of 24 years has expanded the range of products.
16, with a 64.6% increase in sales in the same year, Casati has been in sync with the scenery brand three-wing birds since 21 years, with the cascading of the three-wing bird platform in front of it, and the Casatian suite has accounted for 35% of the sales of the three-wing bird in 24 years. Over the long term, there is a desire to combine the resources of the brand with the platform to create a way of life from the sale of the product set to the sale of the scene.
Value innovation increases the price of the guest and the rate of transformation. Scanning for more services. Chart 24: Casati has introduced a new set of serialized products for the fourth year in a row.
Figure 25: One-stop solutions offered by three-wing birds that lead to synergized sales 3 Globalization: local capacity for operations is strong, regional deep-farming promotes stable growth branding + strategic mergers and acquisitions, and Heir has scarce capacity for overseas localization. Consumer loyalty in mature markets overseas.
In 2016, Hal successfully acquired the North American home-based electric company gea, and led gea in a variety of products to counter Heilipo, which is extremely scarce in terms of integration of overseas brands, localization operations, and deep cultural integration.
Figure 26: Over the past 15 years, Heir ' s global share has continued to rise, with a well-developed global operating system and resource efficiency and synergy. Heir has now built a global operating system covering the entire value chain of R & D, manufacturing, marketing, etc., with a global network of 163 manufacturing centres and 126 marketing centres covering 230,000 + sales
The outlets of the outlets have resulted in the efficient integration of global resources and the effective acquisition of multiple brands under the banner.
Adherence to “ownership” and “triple one” strategies to globalize services in order to localize globalization, reaching 200 countries and regions, serving 1 billion industrial parks, the largest regional market abroad, with ice, washing, cooking as a core group.
This is close to $80 billion, with sales of 1.2 per cent in the last five years. The North American market is dominated by ice, washing, and cooking, with a combined total sales of 83 per cent in 24 years. With the exception of air conditioning, the total volume of electricity for other core humans has grown only modestly, mainly by structural pull, with total sales of 4.9 per cent and sales of 1.2 per cent, respectively, in the last five years.
The market is more concentrated, with the case of washing machines at about 56%. The North American market has a higher concentration of channels and brands are tied to the depth of large channels such as Volma and bestbuy, so that the head share is more concentrated.
Figure 29: In 24 years, the share of North America’s core consumer electronics branding showed a rapid increase in Heir’s share of Gea. In total, 21 years of anti-Hei Rao, followed by a widening gap. Heir’s share in North America reached 25 per cent in 24 years, leading by Heiji Pu 2 pct.
We believe that Heir's empowerment of the gea is reflected mainly in the following aspects: 1) management model: organizational efficiency enhancement, introduction of the “one person-one-one-one” model, motivation of employees through a mega-share mechanism Supply chain and procurement: taking advantage of Heir's global supply chain and large-scale procurement advantages, acquisition of the gea after Heir continues.
Increase capex in the United States to scale up home-grown production and increase productivity. 3) Products and research and development of patchboards: Hal has helped gea to fill the ice-washing shorts, such as using direct-drive power technology such as Fiji to build washing machine products, and leading the gea to a high-end transformation.
Localized production is high, and there is no fear of tariff disruption. With Haile’s acquisition of the gea, continuing to strengthen indigenous capacity-building in North America. According to industry, Haile has achieved full-grade localization, and more than 80% of its products have been manufactured locally, and if American electricity tariffs are imposed in other parts of the world, Haile is expected to benefit substantially from the United States’ indigenous production.
In the long run, there is plenty of competitive advantage and room for improvement. Hale has a stronger competitive edge in many dimensions, such as manufacturing, size, product systems, brand systems, wider product price bands, more abundant geosku, a further increase in the share of powerful products such as refrigerators, cooking power, and other vulnerable products such as washing machines, dishwashers, Hale.
Europe’s domestic electricity market is subject to different cultural and linguistic systems, high barriers to offline access and difficult scale expansion. By region, Western Europe consumes far more electricity than Eastern Europe, accounting for 80% in 24 years.
For decentralization, the German national electricity market is Europe's largest single market, with a total size of about 18 billion, but only 14 per cent of Europe as a whole
Eastern Europe: In 24 years, the size of electricity for all in Eastern Europe was about $16 billion, with sales of 6.50 per cent and sales of 6.50 per cent and 1.05 per cent of the volume increasing faster than in Western Europe. By category, the size of air conditioners and dishwashers continued to expand, with sales of 16.7 per cent and 7.2 per cent, respectively, in the last five years.
Our brand has a certain basis in the Eastern European market. By way of pattern, after the acquisition of Hee-Poo, Berk became the Eastern European market, where the share of ice, washing, dishwashing machines was about 30%, Heir and Heinz had a good basis in Eastern Europe, ice and ice.
The combined share of two companies in the washing and cooking market has been around 20%. Figure 38: Our brand has a certain basis in the Eastern European market, and Heir + Hysin's combined share in the ice-washing market has been around 20% in Western Europe:
In 24 years, electricity was about $61.6 billion, or nearly 80% of Europe as a whole, with a strong stock profile, with the exception of air conditioning. In the last five years, total electricity sales in Western Europe were 5.3% and 0.1%, while total industry was stable and stock characteristics were prominent. Similar to Eastern Europe, the air-conditioning market was a bright spot, with sales of up to 17% in the last five years.
In Western Europe, the pattern is entrenched, with the old-timer power taps maintaining a long-term high share. In Western Europe, competition patterns are entrenched, and breakthroughs often require a combination of branding and a 24-year-old bekoeurope (75% of the shares) with Hewlett-Poo, completing the acquisition of Hee-Poo European assets, and a counter-bossi share in refrigerators, washing machines and markets, which is now in a two-pronged state.
Figure 40: Western Europe’s pattern is relatively solid, and Berk and Bosy have long held a higher share, and Hal has achieved a breakthrough in resource synergizing through the acquisition of Candy. Candy has a marketing network covering 45 countries, has mature channels in Europe, and has access to Europe’s offline channels through Candy’s resources on the one hand.
On the other hand, a brand matrix of Heir+candy+hoover has been formed, with Heir's share in Eastern Europe rising from 6.8% to 13.6% since 19 years, while the European region has received 16% cagr.
Head-based commercial refrigeration enterprises, with abundant resources for channels, after-sales and transportation, have further enhanced the accumulation of Hale's resources in Europe, and are expected to accelerate the expansion of services in Europe such as air, heat and pumps, with the help of ccr's carbon dioxide refrigeration technology, mature after-sales teams.
Figure 42: ccr products are mainly used in business scenes Australasia Markets: Double brand synergies, Fisher & Paykel driving high-end growth, Australasia Power Market size of $4.75 billion in 2024, with ice as a core category. Austronew Markets are more mature, almost five years old.
People sell 2.5% capr, with a small increase in volume and price, and the size of each class remains stable. Hale washes the heads of New Zealand ice. The local branding patterns vary from ice-cold to cooking power, with Ileks, Halonichi, Dragon II, Laundromat Haile, lg, and dishwashers dominated by Bosy and Haile.
Figure 45: The 24-year brand share of New Australia's various product groups, Hale was ranked first in three consecutive years since the 22-year anti-Ilex campaign, with a steady rise in the city's share since 2015.
In 2024, the Japanese domestic electricity market reached US$ 15,952 million and remained stable in almost five years. Air conditioning was the largest single class, accounting for 46% of the total in 24 years, exceeding the sum of the ice.
The brand share has been maintained at a high level over the years, with the opening of the Heir +aqua double card operation following the 2011 Heir takeover of the Japanese ice-washing business, and the steady rise in the share of ice-washing, which is now at the forefront of the cold market, with a 23 per cent share in 24 years, leading by nearly 8 pct.
India’s domestic electricity market is in a high-speed maturation route. In 2024, India’s domestic electricity market reached $15.578 billion, thanks to a rapid increase in coverage. The Indian electricity market has grown rapidly in recent years, with sales and sales of cagr reaching 9.8% and 9.8% in recent five years.
The Indian electricity market is dominated by foreign investors, and the Korean family is more influential. Samsung, lg, is the leader of the Indian ice-washing market, with a combined share of about 40% over 24 years, the cooking power market is dominated by the Swiss france, the Italian elica, and the market for dishwashers is dominated by the German Bosch.
The U.S. has recently reported a population of 1,417 million at the end of 24 years, with over 40% of the population under 25 years of age and only 36% of the urban population. Household penetration remains extremely low, with only 6% of India ' s air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines permeating in 23 years.
Heir India has a good foundation and plans for further expansion. India’s government actively supports local production of white electricity, and our national, Japanese, and Korean enterprises have a layout base in India.
With industrial parks in the north, according to Heir Indiaceosatish, the current Heir India air conditioner capacity is 150w/year, and it is planned to expand production capacity to 400w/year in 27 years.
Chart 52: We, Japanese and Korean power companies, have been able to produce their energy in India. Channel expansion + high-end strategy breakthroughs, with Haile growing faster in India. Heir’s share in India’s cold market has risen significantly from 5.1% to 11.8% over the past 15 years, largely thanks to Heir’s active outreach and high-end strategy.
Hale reached 100 per cent coverage of the country ' s five largest national chains and 50 major regional chains in India in 21 years, 82 per cent coverage of the township network, completion of a radioactivity-wide distribution network in India in 24 years, while high-end products led to a sustained upswing in the asp, with income growing by more than 30 per cent throughout the year.
Millions of dollars, 2.6% in cagr in the last five years, air conditioning is growing at a significantly faster rate than the whole, becoming the largest household electricity class in South-East Asia, but the penetration rate in Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines, etc. is still low and is expected to continue to expand in the future. The pattern is relatively fragmented, with Korea, Japan, and our brands having a certain base, with Korean and Japanese departments entering South-East Asia City.
The field is longer and has a relatively high share, but it has rarely made a breakthrough in recent years, and remains largely at a constant level. The industrial chain of our enterprises has been gradually improved, and the share of further deep farming along the channels has continued to rise, with Hale and the United States increasing their share of air conditioning from 2-3 pct five years ago.
In the light of the above analysis, regional industry performance over the past five years, and Haile’s own performance, we expect Heir’s earnings abroad to grow at a significantly faster rate than in the industry, with Europe, Ausimaa, and Japan’s cagr in the range of 1 to 3 per cent, Heir’s acquisition in Europe in recent years, and the opening of Eastern Europe’s channels, with the prospect of rapid development of the radiation-emitting Western European market in Eastern Europe.
With the rapid increase in household penetration in emerging markets and the large scope for industrial expansion, we assume that the growth of industries in South Asia, South-East Asia and East and Central Africa will be around the median in the next five years, with Hal achieving a double-line breakthrough under India and under the line in 24 years, the start-up of air-conditioning plants in the East and South Asia region, the promotion of the upgrading of production lines in Viet Nam and Indonesia, and the first phase of an Egyptian industrial park in the Central and East Africa region.
We expect that Heir’s local share will continue to grow rapidly in the run-up to the climb-up period, where electricity production will be effective in the surrounding countries. With these calculations in mind, we expect Heir’s overseas income to reach 18,92 billion in 2030, and cagr to reach 6% during the period.
Figure 56: We measure that Hal is expected to collect 6% of the electricity market overseas over the next five years, and we split the company ' s business internally and overseas. 1) Domestic operations: projected new demand release + high-end boosts a steady increase in domestic domestic electricity demand, and Hal is expected to build on it.
North America: Heir covers users with multiple price bands through fpa, gea and Haier brands, and is expected to generate further growth with a further increase in the rate of gea occupancy, with North American revenues projected at $82.786 billion and $895 million in 25-27 years, Europe: Heir's recently picked up speed in the layout of Europe, 24 years of promotion of Candy brand upgrades and acquisition of the ccr expanded commercial version
Figure: The share is expected to grow faster in the future than in the industry, with Europe projected to collect 424,553 million,484 million in 25-27 years AUSCANZ+Japan: the company is expected to grow in the future in the AUSCANZ market through a deeper distribution of channels, we expect; in the Japanese market, the company is expected to grow through aqua+Hear doubles.
Card layout, which is expected to open up further through high-end, landscape and eco-branding, we expect 25-27 years of emerging markets: emerging markets with huge potential for growth driven by higher population dividend + penetration rates, Hale co-opting India ' s fast-tracking of production capacity and production lines in Thailand, Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc.
We expect a higher growth in the future with the construction of an industrial environmental park around the radiation market in Egypt. We expect the beauty group, the Grecoelectrics, and the Hibunwer as comparable companies to be 9.8, 9.0 and 8.2 times more than the average of companies in 2025-2027. Companies are home-grown ice-washing dragons, leading the market share, pricing power, and profit.
With strong resilience, Kassati growth is expected to lead to a further increase in domestic profitability, a larger growth space for overseas obm operations than for modern tools, a steady increase in Hal ' s global share over the years, a sustained increase in overseas layouts through M&A consolidation in recent years, an acceleration in localization of production and marketing, and a continuation of the global share trend. In addition, the digital transformation of Heir has evolved over the past 24 years.
Deepwater access is expected to lead to further improvements in business efficiency at home and abroad through paradigm changes. Companies grow with a clear logic, a well-developed global supply chain system, and more risk-resistant, with US domestic capacity expected to reach $32.28 in the context of a global tariff escalation.
The risk of overseas demand fluctuations: if the economy is weak, it will lead to less than expected sales in the industry. The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: the cost of essential raw materials such as copper, steel, plastic, etc. is higher than the cost of electricity production in the company.
The price of raw materials fluctuates sharply, affecting the level of corporate profitability. The risks of tariff and trade policy changes: corporate US exposure is relatively high, tariff escalation will increase the cost of firms’ exports, and frequent changes in policy may affect home power exports.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market