Increased capacity of the air-conditioning industry and digital marketing over time
The company’s performance was slightly higher than expected, mainly because the US business was largely untaxed; and China’s air-conditioning business was becoming more competitive. China collected 77.41 billion yuan, compared to +8.8%: 1) market demand increased in the form of m, with high-end Qasa.
+20% of the Emperor’s income, +15% of the Leader’s income. 2) The company effectively boosts the competitiveness of the pop and power channels through digital stock modeling and digital marketing. Quickly follows up on the needs of young people who dig rice, and responds to the market with three lazy washing machines.
By capturing the entrepreneurial ip flow, the resilience was comparable to that of the bull in response to a smart rice interpolation panel.3 In recent years, the company has deepened its efforts to integrate and reduce the air-conditioning supply chain, effectively responding to the intense price competition in the air-conditioning market in the Middle East region of 2025q2, achieving an increase in the share of air-conditioning and stabilizing its profitability.
We expect to slow down in the second half of the year, but we can still maintain steady growth. Cold-chain companies, ccr., and South African hot water companies, kwikot.
The company’s earnings in the US market have risen steadily, and high-end branding has increased. To increase the rate of localization of US production, Gestapo will invest more than $3 billion in the US over the next five years.
Expanding the production of air conditioners, water heaters and retrofitting 11 manufacturing plants in the United States.) 2025h1, U.S. Liu Lith Global Supply Chain shocks have a negative impact on domestic electricity demand in many countries.
Market sales have declined slightly; European domestic electricity markets have remained almost even; and the domestic electricity markets in South-East Asia have fallen by 6-10 per cent in Viet Nam, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia respectively.) Against this background, Heir Europe has changed rapidly, and, on table ccr, has earned $18 billion, or 24 per cent; Japan and Australasia markets have grown by 7 per cent, respectively.
(including kwikot and table effects). Hai, in March 2025, the acquisition of Causs Module (Qingdao) was completed, and the transactions were consolidated by the same controlled enterprises, with a similar rate of increase in the category of goods, with 2025h1, respectively, for air-conditioning/refrigeration/washer/cooking/waterhouse power/equipment combined services.
Divisional report breakdowns: 2025h1, refrigerators/cooking/air-conditioning/washing machines/waterhouses/other operations, respectively. Divisional breakdowns of Division reports: 2025h1, mainland China, other countries/areas, 774 million yuan in foreign transactions, +8.8 per cent, +11.7 per cent respectively, overseas, America/Australia/South Asia/Europe/East and Central-East Africa/Japan, respectively.
In March 2025, the acquisition of the Kaos Module (Shanghai) was completed, and the transactions were consolidated by the same controlled enterprise, calculated at an adjusted calibre at the same speed. The heating and air conditioning industry was under short-term pressure and long-term improvement.
(i) Domestic air-conditioning: The year 2024 was a year of spectacular sales in July. In the fourth quarter of 2024, domestic sales benefited from the State subsidy policy stimulus, which was equal to + 24 per cent throughout the year, and the policy subsidy stimulus was significant. On exports, 96.41 million units were exported in 2024, an increase of 36.08 per cent.
In July, the volume of sales in air conditioners showed good performance, and subsequent pressures are expected.1 Industry online data, with 1,058,000 sales in air conditioners in July 2025, compared to +14.3 per cent, are mainly driven by high and persistent temperatures in many parts of the country.
2. On the one hand, when the rainy season enters in August, frequent rainfall weather will have an impact on the need for air conditioners and on their installation; on the other hand, it will be less strongly supported by old and new policies, and will face the impact of a high base figure for the same period last year. Industry online data for the months of August, September, and October, the output from air conditioners was 11.9%, - 7.7%, - 4.7%, and -4.7%, respectively, compared to last year’s output.
At the retail end, there was a decline in the country’s air conditioner retail market regulations in the first half of 2024; since August 2024, the national air conditioner retail market has been gradually revitalized, and the air conditioner retail market has been growing at a double-digit rate over and below the line in August-December, and the end demand has continued to improve as the policy is announced.
Increase in intensity and overall growth at retail end, as compared to +20.8 per cent on air-conditioning line in June 2025, and figure 15: Retail market retail sales monitoring on air-conditioning line (monthly)
The bulk of retail retail sales on air-conditioning lines has been on the decline since May in the volume of air-conditioning exports by the China Galaxy Securities Institute, focusing on enterprises' overseas production bases.
1) Industry online data on the export of 5.85 million air conditioners in July 2025, corresponding to 15.5 per cent; export of domestic air conditioners in August, September and October, which compares with export performance of 14.7 per cent, 16.6 per cent, 3.3 per cent and continues to reflect the transfer of United States orders abroad, exports and 3) the wide distribution of air conditioner tap global production bases, including Thailand as the main air conditioner production base outside China and abroad, 2024 United States
Imports of air-conditioning-type products (sitc7415) from Thailand accounted for 8.8 per cent of the United States tariff risk, but for high-quality listed companies, overseas supply chain construction could hedge the risk.
The Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute has seen a marked improvement in the average price on the domestic air-conditioning line. 1) The retail average price on the offline market has continued down since April, reaching US$ 3978 per station in July, which is between April and 10.0%.
2) Since the third quarter of 2024, the rice brand has been working to increase profitability, with retail average prices slightly higher and value for money less pronounced. The retail average price has recovered rapidly on the post-618 line, reaching $2685 per station at 25w32, compared with the June average price +23.6 per cent, and the retail share on the rice air-conditioning line has remained at around 14 per cent for almost a year, with no continuous increase in the ring ratio.
The pattern of competition in the industry has improved, with the general profit rate and market share of air-conditioning companies rising during this period. The fall in prices in this round was the result of a US-based increase in market share through the Lantern brand. However, competitive pressure subsided markedly after 618, with retail average prices on the 25w32 (8.4-8.10) line having reached $2560, or 24.7 per cent, compared to the June average, and retail average prices on the rest of the brand line having improved to varying degrees.
Figure 22: Average retail prices under air-conditioning line and on-line; Figure 23: Average retail prices of retail markets under air-conditioning line; Figure 24: Average retail prices of retail markets on air-conditioning line (principal brand)
Figure 25: Retail average prices of various brands in the retail market on air-conditioning lines (Internet brands) (iv) Central air-conditioning sales are under pressure, but exports are growing; Central air-conditioning forms are diverse and rich, mainly for domestic use (multi-line, unit, etc.) and commercial use (seine, screw, etc.)
According to frost&sullivan, the global central air-conditioning sales in 2023 amounted to $521.7 billion, a steady increase. China’s rate of penetration of domestic air-conditioning during the urbanization process rose rapidly in the 2000-2010’s, and industrial development led to an increase in the demand for central air-conditioning, which contributed to a long-term and significant increase in global markets.
Industry online data, central air conditioning sales of $121.5 billion in 2024, a decline of 3.8% compared to the previous year, mainly due to the continuing slump in the real estate market, the slower pace of industrial investment and the emptiness of central space.
In recent years, China’s global competitiveness and share have led to a better growth in exports. Industry online data, Central Air Conditioning (V) heat pumps 2024: promoting high-quality development in the heat pump industry in the country, export of which is reflected in a bottom-up rebound, and sales of heat pumps in 2024, which are expected to benefit from the release of good policies in 2025.
Departments such as the National Development Reform Commission have co-published the Action Plan for Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the use of heat pumps in priority areas such as construction in the country, industry, agriculture, and transport, proposing a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030, and a breakthrough in core technologies such as high-temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants. According to industry online data, heat pumps will be sold in 2024.
On the export side, the sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy have led to heavy storage cycles for heat pump exports over the past two years. As of the second half of the year, Euro-American heat pumps have been moving out of the stock cycle, and the single-month increase has gradually improved.
The export of heat pumps is projected to continue to improve as some European countries reboot their subsidies, 20.2% over the same year. Industry on-line forecasts exports of 2025h2 heat pumps are expected to reach $2 billion, or +6% over the year; exports are projected at $5.05 billion over the year 2025, with three, icy shubbles: inward sales are dominated by renewed demand, and follow-up shipments are to be observed.
(i) Internal sales are dominated by demand for renewal, which has been on a platform for many years The demand for refrigerators in the market has been on a long-term basis, with sales peaking more than a decade ago due to electricity and electricity from the countryside. In ice boxes, during the period 2019-2024, there was a relatively stable platform, with a slight decline or a small increase in sales. In 2024, the recipient country ' s policy of remediating the home and replacing the new government with an old one.
In the second half of the year, domestic sales grew by 3.1 per cent (industry online), as a result of the recovery in the refrigerator market since the second half of the year, and industrial online data on the stock sales in the refrigerator in July-October 2025 compared to the previous year ' s output of 4.2 per cent, 11.5 per cent, -3.5 per cent, and sales of washing machines similar to air conditioners, as a result of the effective activation of potential demand with the old and new policy of replacing consumer preferences.
Qualitative and energy-efficient products contributed to the structural upgrading of products, which in 2024 amounted to a cumulative 4.482 million sales in washing machines, an increase of 6.7 per cent in comparison with the previous year, resulting in an increase in the consumption of refrigerators, washing machines, retail sales of refrigerators and products targeted at young people.
Increased fees, a steady increase in retail average prices, and a steady increase in the market for refrigerators and washing machines. There is a marked increase in the number of young people who are single at the moment, and there are different demands. The Mi washing machine first caters to the needs of young people at the moment. In 2024, when the mill was rolled out, it brought with it a 1kg roller to meet the needs of young people to wash their underwear/socks alone.
In March 2025, Commander-in-Chief Haile released a three-barrel washing machine, with two 1-kg tubes giving different fabrics, different sizes, different clothing partitions for family members, while the product was “inflated without cost”, had a value-for-money ratio, and made a good deal of money.
Figure 44: Multi-brand roll-out of three washing machines Figure 45: Three washing machines to meet different scenario needs (ii) follow-up pressure on ice washing exports
My national electricity companies have been actively engaged in globalizing, adding up to the demand released by emerging market countries in recent years, with an impressive 18.6 per cent increase in our refrigerator exports in 2024. Subregionally, Asia, Europe, North America are the main export markets, with exports totalling 83 per cent in 2024.
The technical, cost and quantitative production advantages of our washing machines, combined with customs concerns in overseas markets, prompted businesses to supply pre-shipments, which in 2024 amounted to 4.51 million items exported, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period.
Industry online data, July-October 2025, exports of washing machines accounted for 3.8 per cent, +1.2 per cent, +11.3 per cent and +1.5 per cent, respectively, compared to last year ' s performance. 2025h2 projected exports of washing machines were estimated at 23.369,000, or +1 per cent; 2025 exports throughout the year. Subregionally, the growth in demand in emerging markets was the driving force behind the rapid growth in the export of washing machines.
For the fastest-growing regional markets, exports ranged from +35.6 to $500 million, representing an increase of 1.8 pct to 8.4 per cent in 2019 compared to the US tariff risk; market demand below expectations; and the risk of increased competition in the market. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
If you are a professional investor in a non-galactic securities client, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investor’s integrity.
All the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to clients and do not constitute an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments for accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as of the date of their initial publication of this report, which may result in other issuances that are inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.