Deep research by Hale Thinker (600690) - Three Ones for Production and Marketing - Deep Integration of Globalization
General securities business registration number: Xiao Hai Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji: As an integrated leader in the field of domestic electricity, Heir’s industry position is self-evident, and we look to its two growth poles of “accelerating change efficiency” and “globalization.” In this report, we will focus on the global layout of Haile’s business, exploring the company’s core strengths in overseas market expansion, brand synergies, marketing, and localization of supply chains.
Industry analysis: The external environment is booming and emerging market structural opportunities are emerging. 1) Tariffs: the risk of tariff uncertainty is of interest to the market. We believe that, in the medium and long term, companies with relatively small United States revenues and lower tax rates on major categories of goods have limited impact and have a relatively high risk resistance to higher United States market revenues if they deploy their local or extra-sea domestic production in advance to achieve risk transfer. 2) Industry: The global electricity market has maintained steady growth, but regional differentiation is evident in North America and Europe.
Corporate analysis: Three Ones, South Asian markets show high potential. 1) Three Ones: Unlike the “China Manufacturing + Overseas Distribution” model of average firms, Heir uses home-grown research and marketing models to expand global markets. On R & D, building a global co-founding digital R & D platform to empower and build 10+n innovative ecosystems.
There are 160 million + capacity, 35 industrial parks, 163 manufacturing centres (of which there are 61 overseas) that form a virtuous system of Western and Western hemispheric circulation + domestic and foreign sharing cycles. On the sales side, with 126 marketing centres and 230,000 + distribution points, multi-brand matrices covering mainstream channels and professional markets and entering the first echelon in several major countries. 2) South Asian markets: a structured high-potential market, with revenue of 11,125 million yuan (+21.05 per cent) in 2024. The Indian market has grown well, with revenues rising by more than 30 per cent in 2024, and localization operations have been effective.
Investment proposals: Hale wisester as a pioneer in home-based electricity outings, deep-ploughing high-potential overseas markets, researching the advantages of “triple” globalization, with a stronger external economic environment volatile, Heil wisester: a leader in seaboarding, global layout + localization operations Industry analysis: the external environment booms and emerging market structural opportunities emerges
Corporate analysis: Three Ones, South Asian Markets showing high potential □ Development journey: from refrigerator entry to global power industry, high-end, intelligence driven
The company began its refrigerator business (1984-1998) and diversified its expansion through low-cost M&As (1998-2010) towards a breakthrough in globalization.
Early development phase Eco-branding strategy phase (2010-2019)
Paragraph (1984-1998) (1998-2010) • Heir Jijik, 1984
• 2020, Heir Jijiro, 1998 Heir used a low-cost Aoshima refrigerator for his predecessor
• In 2015, the company acquired Haile.
Exchange board trading, the first four-star group in Asia's overseas white electrical industry.
The company acquired air conditioners in 2001 for Shanghai, Frankfurt, including the former Japanese trio power plant.
Japan and South-East Asia. 1991. Qingdao Air Conditioning. 2023.
Operations, renamed the Qingdao Sea Plant and the Qingdao Electric Freezer.
• In 2016, the company acquired the United States of America and launched its high-end branding in the year of its global intelligent family.
"Casati" is a multi-dimensional patent list with 6152 open patent claims.
• In 1993, the company changed its name.
For Qingdao Hale Electric Ice Ranfisher & Paykel, the same year... ranks first in the world.
Electrical Control, Obtaining Laundry Company at Central European International Exchange d Haile Stock at Shanghai
Commercial Refrigeration (ccr) from the traditional business model to the People • 2019, when the company bought it.
By Licandy, we're going to move from the home-based refrigeration to the one-size-fits-all model.
Extended to commercial refrigeration, fabric, traditional manufacturers are officially renamed as users of the European market.
The Center's service providers have been transformed.
□ Equity structure: Core shareholders have a high concentration of equity, with actual shareholders holding more than 60% of the top ten shareholders in Hale Group, with actual shareholders holding more than 60%. Hong Kong has the largest number of investors representing 24.67% of the shares.
In our view, a diversified shareholder structure can help companies to expand international markets and resource integration. (Note: Other include: Qingdao Hale Entrepreneurship Investment Consulting Ltd., Qingdao China Think Management Consulting (Little Partnership), China Business Bank - 50 Certificates of Trading Open Index Certificate.)
Fund for the Investment of Bonds, Bank of China for Commerce and Industry, Inc. - Open Index 300 deep-trading Portfolio Investment Fund in Washington, D.C.) □ Organizational structure: small platform integrated into large platform, following the “one person one” model
□ Main business: full-scale flowering, Casati's leading the high-end market, and companies continue to consolidate their global leadership in the home power industry with high-end, intelligent, and globalized strategies.
Innovation and the expansion of globalized markets are expected to further increase profitability and market share in the future. 1) Core home power business: company refrigerator brands are at the top of the industry, meeting high-end market demand through high-end product lines (e.g. Casati brands) \triangleright \triangleright
Promotion of profitability: washing machine operations enhance user experience with intelligent upgrading, further entrenching the leading position of the city; air-conditioning operations remain the highest in the North American market, the third highest in the world, and competitiveness is continuously consolidated through technological innovation and market expansion. □ Main camp operations: full-scale flowering, with Casati leading the high-end market
2) Multi-brand matrix layout, Casati’s top-level: Heir, as a national brand, occupies the head of the public market and has a multi-brand matrix that accurately covers the different consumer markets of high end, value for money, etc. In this context, Casati’s brand, thanks to continuous innovation in high-end product lines, achieved a rapid increase in revenue in 2024, with retail sales increasing by 12% over the same period, and a 64.6% increase in net sales of refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines retailed under Casati’s brand line in China in 2024.
The share of the market was 49 per cent, 34 per cent, and 88 per cent, respectively. The income of the capricorn brand rose by more than 20 per cent in 2025q1, with refrigerators at $15,000 +/ air conditioners at $16,000 +/ washing machines at $10,000 + market shares at 53 per cent/51, 3 per cent and 78.7 per cent, respectively, leading the high-end market. In addition, Leader brand retail sales for young consumers increased by 26 per cent over the same period, further covering market demand.
\triangleright Chart 6: Casaté leads the high end home electricity market, with refrigerators at $15,000 +/ Air conditioners at $16,000 +/ Laundry machines at $10,000 + market share 53 per cent / 51.3 per cent/78.7 per cent □ Main camp business: full-scale flowering, Casatian leader running the high end market, respectively
3) Smart ai gifts and landscape services drive innovation: companies accelerate the deep integration of the ai technology and products, drive intelligent upgrading, introduce interrelated products such as refrigerators, air conditioners, dishwashers, and smart scenes such as cigarette stoves, drying, etc.  provides customised smart family solutions through the Three-wing Birds platform, deepens locational service capabilities, and significantly improves user stickyness.
The new technology series, using the ai algorithms and visual techniques, enhances the user’s experience. For example, the Ai refrigerator, which carries an intelligent piper, can “see” and record the time of storage of the food and reminds users of the preservation period of the food and the order of its consumption. The Ai washing machine, which identifies the number and type of clothing, automatically adjusts the washing procedure, avoids the risk of stringing, and alerts users to missing small pieces of clothing.
Financial analysis - the income end: overall steady upwards, globalization + high-end drivers of structural improvement. Income end: Overall, corporate income continued upwards, with total corporate income of $28,598.81 billion in 2024, a year-on-year increase of 4.29 per cent, sustained positive growth over several years, internal (14.17 billion yuan) remained largely flat, the Americas and Europe were major overseas markets, and emerging markets such as South-East Asia, South Asia and Central and East Africa were acquired through M&As (e.g. South Africa).
Sub-brands and brands: Casatila upgrades. The traditional household electricity industry has maintained a leading share, contributing more than 68 per cent of the revenue in 2024 to refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioning as a basic cut-off. The high-end Kassarty brand has upgraded its structure and retail operations have grown by 12 per cent. New business growth has been strong: income from the heating industry has grown by 15 per cent (up by $10 billion) and global revenue from the smart building by 15 per cent.
Financial analysis - profit-side: profitability is good and net interest rates continue to rise The net profit return: corporate performance continued to grow in double digits The net profit return in 2024 The build-up of production and marketing synergies + a strong high-end strategy in overseas markets, with a focus on localization.
The distribution of profits is stable, with a focus on shareholder returns and the repurchase of 540.5 million shares (equivalent to $1,522 million). The increase in the proportion of dividends and the repurchase of cancelled shares demonstrates not only the firm's current robust performance but also its full confidence in the future.
Heil Jijit: Advancer out of the sea, Globalizer + Lead in Localizing Operations Industry Analysis: External Environments Emergence, Emerging Markets Structural Opportunities Employing Corporate Analysis: Research and Marketing “Three Ones”, South Asian Markets Show High Potential
(i) Tariffs remain uncertain and the advantages of home-grown enterprises manifest: the risk of tariff uncertainty at 2025h1 is of concern to the market. We believe that tariff increases will push up export costs, reduce profit margins, weaken targets, market consumption demand, increase market competition, or allow home-based enterprises to re-examine supply chain strategies and layouts, increase operational complexity and manage costs at this time.
From 2017 to 2024, China’s total exports of white electricity in the US remained at a compound growth rate of 1.7%, although there were variations in the performance of different product groups. Air-conditioning was significantly affected by tariff shocks, with some of the capacity transferred to Thailand and elsewhere, resulting in China’s share of United States imports falling from 95% in 2017 to 52% in 2024, and the United States’ share of imports fell from 95% in 2017 to 52% in 2024.
The market is less dependent on China, and Chinese enterprises are actively looking for emerging markets: China’s exports to the United States fell from 24% of total exports in 2018 to 8% in 2024. In the refrigerator area, we still dominate 54%, while washing machines have been restructured to bring China and Mexico together to 52% of United States imports.
Figure 16: The share of countries using air conditioning for direct exports to the United States fell to less than 10 per cent in mid-2024. Exports to the United States declined, except in 2021.
At the same time, the United States imposed high tariffs on countries in South-East Asia, such as Thailand, Indonesia, or imposed restrictive measures on China’s trans-shipment trade, further reducing export space. We believe that, while short-term tariff escalation has reduced the risk, even small increases in tariffs in the medium to long term will result in China’s electricity enterprises.
At a time when the United States has a relatively small share of revenue and a lower tax rate on major goods, companies with a higher share of income in the United States market have a relatively high level of risk resistance if the public has pre-positioned US indigenous capacity, or if there is a multiplicity of overseas production for risk transfer. Hal, for example, has multiple production bases in North America, with the advantage of a local branded gea, has a relative benefit in the event of external environmental fluctuations.
(ii) Global domestic electricity market segmentation, structural opportunities in emerging markets > Global domestic electricity market sizes remain robust, but regional differentiation is evident, North America and Europe have weak demand, and emerging markets (e.g. South and South-East Asia) have increased globally: according to Euro-Swiss data, global domestic electricity market sales in 2024 amounted to $53.3361 billion (compared to +2.59 per cent) and are expected to reach 6176.49 in 2027
United States dollars (5.0 per cent for cagr in 2024-2027). Global domestic electricity retailing in 2024 amounted to $288.2 billion (+2.1 per cent for the same year) and small household electricity retailing amounted to $288.2 million in 2024 (compared to $233,361 million for the global domestic electricity market (+259 per cent for the same year)
+2.1%, with small household electricity retailing amounting to $245.1 million (+3.1% year-on-year) Subregion: China, North America, and Western Europe are the three main core markets, accounting for 65% of global household electricity. Of this, China was the largest seller of domestic electricity worldwide, with $122.92 billion in 2024, accounting for 23.05% of the global market; North America/Western Europe also accounted for a larger share of the market, with sales in 2024.
The North American market is affected by high interest rates and weak demand, while the domestic electricity sector is under pressure, but demand for energy-efficient products is stable. Europe’s overall sales + 1.8%, but online channels + 7.9%, due to the conflict in the Russian Federation and volatile energy prices or affecting short-term consumer confidence.
In South-East Asia, the demand for air conditioners, refrigerators and refrigerators has increased significantly, from 13% in 2024 to 4.9% in Viet Nam, the demand for washing machines, air conditioners, and the Indonesian refrigerators has increased. > Subcategory: In the global domestic electricity market, the overall sales of air conditioners, washing machines, refrigerators and cooking power and other household appliances have increased.
Global sales of air conditioners/refrigerates/washers/cooking power markets (cooking household power plus microwave plus dishwashers) in 2024 amounted to $91,833.7 billion, or $880.84 billion, or $997.72 billion, or $10,976.6 billion/12,457 billion, or $113.01 billion in 2027, or sales in 2024-2027, or cagr > industrial space: global domestic electricity markets enter stock-led stages, and consumption upgrading and penetration of emerging and emerging categories have increased as a central driver of long-term growth.
Markets: Over 3 billion household electricity holdings in 2023, at a competitive stage in the stock market, increasing demand for new or high-performance products, increasing demand for high-value additional products, increasing penetration of dishwashers and dryer machines, and 138 per cent penetration of split air conditioners in 2024. >Overseas markets: accelerated urbanization of emerging markets, expansion of the middle class to boost household electricity demand, air conditioners, refrigerators, etc. in South-East and South-East Asia
Heil Jijit: Advancer out of the sea, Globalizer + Lead in Localizing Operations Industry Analysis: External Environments Emergence, Emerging Markets Structural Opportunities Employing Corporate Analysis: Research and Marketing “Three Ones”, South Asian Markets Show High Potential
iii. Corporate analysis: research on “triple one” and the high potential of South Asian markets (i) research on the global distribution of production and marketing, overseas M & As to build multi-brand matrices, unlike the “China Manufacturing + Overseas Distribution” model of the general enterprise, Heir uses the local chemical research and marketing model to expand global markets.
Companies have innovatively built a global research and marketing network that has managed to avoid exchange rate losses and maritime uncertainty, reduce cost risks, improve supply chain efficiency, and achieve more efficient and global operations. The brand matrix: making full use of aqua, gea, fisher&paykel, Candy, ccr, and kwikot, among others, to differentiate overseas markets.
In the area of R & D, enabling the creation of a global co-founder digital R & D platform to create 10+n innovation ecosystems worldwide. 1) R & D centres: have more than 10 R & D centres in China, the United States, Germany, Japan, New Zealand, etc., allowing local R & D engineers to seek rapid innovation product programmes based on the needs of local users:
(ii) Research and development platforms: set up the Hope Innovation Eco Platform, which provides a global link to 250,000 technology experts and 1 million high-quality resources, and accelerates the efficient synergy of global innovation resources around user needs. Innovation systems cover regions such as North America, Europe, and South Asia, where localized research and development teams develop products tailored to regional characteristics and respond quickly to innovation needs in different markets.
Figure 28: Focus on full-flowai+digitized research and development The case of  air conditioners: The development of strong cold air conditioners for high-temperature environments in the Middle East, the innovation of uv health-smart air conditioners for humid hot climates in South-East Asia, the rapid de-wetting of bacteria, the availability of self-cleaning technologies and the significant improvement of product competitiveness.
Laundry machine case: In Pakistan, based on the large number of local families and their preference for large robes, the company specially designed a large full-capacity washing machine for the local population, capable of washing 32 large robes at a time; because air conditioning is a local necessity, the company innovates a solar mix of air conditioners, uses solar power in the sunny day, switches electricity to the grid at night, performing excellent in energy conservation and environmental protection.
Global capacity: As a whole, as of 2024, companies had 160 million + capacity globally. Of this, 40 million + refrigeration capacity, 40 million + washing capacity, 20 million + water heater capacity, 15 million + cooking power, and 30 million + air conditioning capacity.
Global circulation: a flexible supply chain system, with companies owning 35 industrial parks and 163 manufacturing centres (of which there are 61 overseas), forming a virtuous system of East-West hemispheric circulation plus domestic and foreign sharing cycles. >Overseas capacity covers core markets such as North America, Europe, and South-East Asia. Companies are expanding their overseas capacity through a combination of acquisitions and self-building, such as in Thailand.
For example, its factories in North America, Europe and South-East Asia employ local workers directly, using locally purchased raw materials, and significantly reduce the cost risks associated with exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that companies build production bases in Egypt, Thailand, etc.
The company has 126 marketing centres and 230,000 distribution outlets, covering mainstream channels and professional markets, and improving delivery efficiency. Market shares continue to break through, entering the first echelons in several major countries, leading to electricity and electricity in the United States, and Pakistan's share.
40% + Australia’s overall share is ahead. The annual acquisition of the South African market has a 100-year-old share of the hot water brand kwikot, which has the potential to further expand the market. (ii) Subregional markets
□ North America: market uncertainties exist, localization capacity strengthens the lead, energy-efficient and energy-efficient products remain relatively certain demand: according to oecd forecasts, the economy of the United States grew by 1.9 per cent in 2025, the Fed prepce inflation rate is 2.7 per cent, tariff policies or influence consumer disposable income and corporate willingness to invest, and domestic electricity market demand is under pressure. Nevertheless, it is subject to high inflation.
The company continued to innovate in response to North America’s demand: in 2024, it achieved $79,529 million in sales revenue in the North American market, which was robust. New products for the independent ovens were marketed early in 2024, with continuous upgrading of the refrigerators, ice-maker, dryer, etc., and continued optimization of energy efficiency, helping companies to rank first in the lowes cooking power sector.
In the United States, local construction plants have also increased the localization of companies in terms of cost control, supply chain efficiency, etc. The company’s retail retailing of major domestic appliances in the United States market has increased steadily. The retailing of consumer-type domestic appliances has increased from 30.25 million in 2019 to 2024.
In 2019, the number of 109.19 million increased to 1.51 million in 2024 (6.7% in cagr) and the number of dishwashers, home washing equipment, microwaves, refrigeration appliances, etc. Overall, the company’s United States market continued to expand, its product diversification capacity increased, its market share expanded and brand influence increased.
In 2024, companies achieved sales revenues of $32,089 million, or +12.42%, in the European market. The Department’s sales earnings grew significantly faster than the growth rates of 6.0% in Eastern Europe and 5.7% in Western Europe, indicating strong competitiveness and growth in the European market.
products and services continue to be upgraded to meet the needs of European consumers in terms of capacity, energy efficiency and freshness. For example, the introduction of the Candyfresco 700 series of refrigerators, with innovative panaloma lighting systems, new wind-back technologies and self-adaptation humid areas, has taken only three months to reach the top of Spain’s hot market list, and in this regard,
In 2024, the company worked with Roland-Garros, the year-end finals of nittoatp and a number of atp renewals of strategic partnerships, and in 2025, sponsored the first sporting events in Madrid, the French Internet, etc.
In 2024, the company achieved $6,642 million in sales revenue in the new market, compared to 8.14 per cent, which is better than the new consumer.
The Australian market: The share of the company ' s market has increased by 2 pct, making it the industry ' s top. Among these, the share of the laundry +3 pct, the refrigerator +2 pct, the dishwasher + 4 pct, the New Zealand market, cooking power: the company continues to be a leader, with the Heir brand growing double-digit and leading.
In terms of retail sales, the number of dishwashers in the Australasia market grew faster in 2024. The number of dishwashers in 2024 was 94,000, compared to 9.6% in 2024 (2019-2024 cagr 2.7%); 106,000 in 2019 and 116,000 in 2024 (2019-2024 caagr 1.9%). Laundry households benefited from the sale of dishwashers/large cooking appliances in 2024, respectively.
9.44/1116 thousand, i.e. +9.6%/-1.4% of the same year, Japan: The two-brand strategy continues to lead, market share growth is excellent > difference +aqua high-end two-brand operations, and the Japanese market share is growing faster. In 2024, the company achieved sales revenue of 3,426 million yuan in the Japanese market.
By category, refrigerators: company market share +2pt, 16.5%, ranked second in the industry; freezers: company market share 40.1%, ranked first in the industry; washing machines: company market share +3pc, 17.0%, ranked third in the industry. In terms of product innovation, companies continue to introduce front-line products in the Japanese market to meet consumer demand for efficient energy-saving and high-end products; tx refrigerator series: introduction of smart temperatures
Humidity control techniques, leading industry in all space preservation; 8kg washing machines: actively small, carrying pttc drying modules, with performance ahead of the same product; 10kg heat pump drying unit: 47.2% of the market share of 10kg washing machine, which is at the top of the market.  brand marketing, companies declare Yu chords to be new brand spokespersons, indigenous sports stars with high influence + challenge innovation and Haile’s “continuing over” branding.
In order to achieve a high degree of consistency, localized brand marketing is more precise. □ South Asia: income growth is faster, the Indian market is interesting, the market has high potential South Asian markets are structurally high potential markets. In 2024, companies achieved 11,525 million yuan in South Asian markets, compared to 21.05%.
In India, for example, home appliances in India grew faster in 2024, driven by an increase in the number of nuclear households, extended summers and accelerated urbanization, with zero sales equal to +6.5 per cent and retail sales equal to +16.9 per cent, and increased demand for appliances driven by people ' s perception and way of life: the shift from air conditioners to luxury accessories that are considered essential, automatic washing machines that are popular with double-working families and consumers are increasingly aware of the benefits of eliminating the smell and smoke during cooking, and hence independent smoking.
In India, the domestic electricity industry is currently in rapid development. In 2024, the refrigerator/washer/cooking/air conditioning industry grew by 5.3 per cent per cent and 1 per cent per 28 per cent, with sales of 2024a electricity growing by 8.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis and sales by 10.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis and by 2 per cent on an overall average, driven by demand for air conditioning.
The overall penetration rate is low and the market potential is high: India has only 50 million electricity, while the penetration rate is even lower for small households, less than one per cent per household, such as vacuum cleaners, and the industry is expected to grow by 20% + in 2024. > However, the Indian market also faces the challenges of complex supply chains and low logistics efficiency, and we believe that it is particularly important for firms to localize supply chain capabilities.
>To achieve full competitiveness enhancement through deep integration into local markets through the Trinity Localization strategy. 1) Localization of products: to focus on Indian consumer demand, to target Indian household storage habits, to design large-cooled, small-cooled refrigerator structures; to introduce five-star energy-efficient air conditioners to high-temperature environments; to address the high demand for refrigeration by vegetarian consumers; and to launch 83% cold-conservation side t to open refrigerators
In 2024, more than $1 billion was generated, an increase of more than 30 per cent compared to the previous year; large-capacity, durable washing machines were introduced in response to high-duration demand. Figure 54: 83 per cent of the frozen s+ refrigerators were launched, making them the best-selling ice in the Amazon.
Box model, which promotes an increase of more than 70% > 2) in the Heir refrigerators: recent years have seen an acceleration in white power distributions in India by Japanese, Korean and Chinese firms, with a clear cluster effect. Heir has built an increasingly good manufacturing system in India, already owns industrial parks in the west and the north, with a total capacity of about 7 million units/year, and plans to add five new smart plants to cover empty ice by 2027.
(iii) Localization of markets: full coverage of the Indian market through the “4-Net One” (channels, marketing, services, logistics) strategy: on-the-channels, on-line connections, below-line coverage of 26,000 households; on-the-job marketing, increasing brand influence through atl (advertisement marketing), btl (under-line activities) and app promotion;
7000+Engineers help with service response: logistics, 34 warehouses, 90% area distribution within 48 hours. Hale Jijit: seafarers, global layout + localization lead industry analysis: external environmental booms and emerging market structural opportunities emerge
Corporate analysis: Research on “Triple One”, South Asian markets showing high potential (i) key assumption 1) Refrigerators: A return to profitability in the United States market and growth in the listing of new products,
2 Laundry machines: Leader's brand of three washing machines is expected to build the money.
4) Cooker/channel integrated services and other/waterhouse electricity: We believe that company operations are expected to grow robustly and profitability to improve year by year. (ii) Profit forecasting and valuation
In terms of valuation, we have chosen the White Dragon Group, the Glycerine, and the Seats as comparable companies similar to the company’s business layout. Given the company’s integrated leadership, the full package layout is extensive, air conditioning based on the traditional advantage of ice-washing, high-end brands dominate consumers’ minds, and globalization is global.
The Bureau + localization is leading and the company values are at a historically low level, with a wide range of growth space, and we expect that the company will return to its mother, Hale Jie: pioneers out of the sea, leaders in the global layout + localization operations Industry analysis: the external environment is booming and structural opportunities in emerging markets are emerging
Corporate analysis: research on “triple one” and high potential for South Asian markets Overseas business operations risk: Globalizing corporate operations, which may be subject to changes in local policies, access conditions, etc. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations risk: with the firm's global profile, product settlements involve foreign exchange such as the United States dollar, the euro, etc., which would be public if the currency in question fluctuated.
The financial situation of the Division is uncertain, affecting financial costs. The risk of falling market demand as a result of the slowdown in macroeconomic growth: if the income level of the population and the expected changes in future income growth ... the willingness to buy products changes, if any, and if the slowdown in macroeconomic growth leads to a decline in the purchasing power of users, it will have a negative impact on industry growth and corporate income performance.
The risk of price volatility of raw materials: company products and core parts mainly use metal raw materials such as steel, aluminium, copper, and large quantities of raw materials such as plastics, bubbles, if the price of raw materials supply continues to rise or puts some pressure on the company’s production operations.
Key raw materials, spare parts and manufacturing equipment, as well as oem suppliers, have a negative impact on the company’s operations if their supply is blocked or their prices increase significantly.
Pacific Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Industry approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission. This report is issued only to the signatory customers of the service agreements with the Pacific Securities Commission. If you are not a Pacific Securities Partner, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report; Pacific Securities will not be transmitted to the media by the recipient, read or followed up on the content of this report.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and assume investment risks, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is null and void.
My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise money for those companies.