On February 2, Hangzhou Bank issued an announcement on measures to stabilize the stock price. According to a price-stabilization plan, the public stock market was able to increase the value of the stock price.
Between 11 and 14 February, the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority and its co-activists’ finance consortium, respectively, increased the company’s general stockholdings, demonstrating recognition of the company’s growth in value, and demonstrating confidence in the company’s future prospects for development. The net interest income, other non-interest income, contributed to performance growth rates of 40.0%, 36.9%, and the average interest-bearing asset balance and net interest income, respectively.
+36.4 The Hangzhou Bank has continued to expand in size, with loans leading the list at a similar rate; in September 1996, the Hangzhou City Cooperative Bank was established; in 1998, the company was renamed Hangzhou City Commercial Bank Limited;
In 2008, the company changed its name to Hangzhou Bank Co. Ltd.; the bank launched its listing plan in 2007; in 2002, Hangzhou Bank took the lead in implementing bad asset swaps in urban businesses; in 2003, Hangzhou Bank diversified its property rights; in 2005, Hangzhou Bank Replenishment introduced several private enterprises; in April of the same year and August 2006, Hangzhou Bank introduced the Australian Federal Bank and the Asian Development Bank as strategic investors.
On October 27, 2016, the company was placed on the market. Among the top 1,000 global banks published in the British banker ' s journal in 2017, it ranked 209 in the first tier of capital.
“Best Urban Commercial Bank”, “Best Science and Technology Financial Services City comptoir” and “Ten Good Commercial Banks to Support Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Development in the Nation”
The Hangzhou City Fiscal Board is the competent branch of the Hangzhou City Economic and Technological Development Area (EETA), which is the shareholder of the company; the Hangzhou City Jiangzhou City Fiscal Authority (EDPA); the Hangzhou West Lake Region Fiscal Authority (SWIA); and the Hangzhou Downtown District Fiscal Authority (BFIA). The Hangzhou City Financial Group, which is the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Hangzhou City Financial Investment Group, which is funded by the Hangzhou City Financial Investment Group. The company’s shareholding group, which is financed by the Hangzhou Upper City Investment Holding Group, which is the finance authority of the Hangzhou City Upper City Finance Agency; and the Hangzhou Hang State Financial Holdings Group, which is financed by the Hangzhou District Finance Agency.
The Upper Town Investment Holding Group and the Hang Financial Holding Group are co-actors of the Hangzhou City Fiscal Authority. The eight enterprises together hold 913 million shares in Hangzhou Bank, or 24.73 per cent of the total stock stock stock. By the end of the third quarter of 2018, more than 5 per cent of the shareholders were: the Federal Bank of Australia: 18 per cent of the holdings, the first largest shareholder in Hangzhou Bank, established in 1911 to provide comprehensive financial services;
(b) The Red Lion Holdings Group: 6.09 per cent, established in 2004, with a registered capital of 718 million yuan, capital invested in the main enterprise, equity participation, purchase and sale of construction materials, etc.;
Hangzhou Motors Co. Ltd.: 5.3% shareholding, established in 1998 with a registered capital of 754 million yuan, design, manufacture, chart: Hangzhou Bank equity structure (2019 m2) Special policy: stabilization of the security floor of the stock price, increased determination of major shareholders
On 2 February 2019, Hangzhou Bank issued an announcement on measures to stabilize the stock price. According to the price-stabilization plan, the company will buy its stock back if, for a period of three years, it receives 20 consecutive trading days per year less than each share of the firm's net assets audited in the last year (a trigger condition); the actual controller and his/her co-operators increase the company's stock; directors, executives, etc., initiate stock stabilization measures.
However, the obligation for companies to impose measures to stabilize their share price was limited to one time during the year. On 11 and 14 February, the Hangzhou City Fiscal Department and the Financial Group, respectively, increased the company ' s general share shares by 18 million shares and by 10 million shares, accounting for 0.37 per cent and 0.20 per cent of the general share capital of the Department of Public Administration, respectively.
The conditions for termination of the equity plan. The company ' s share price stabilization measures for the current year have been completed.
According to the stable stock price forecast, within three years of the company ' s listing, if the company ' s shares are received for the first 20 consecutive trading days of each year at less than each net asset audited by the company in the most recent year, the company will buy the stock back through (1) the company; (2) the company ' s actual controllers
In every natural year, companies are obliged to impose measures to stabilize their shares only once.
At the end of 2017, Hangzhou Bank had 201 branches covering developed economic circles such as the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, and the Ring Bay. Of these, the Hangzhou region has 100 branches, including 18 immediate branches (including the General Branch) and 78 branches under its control, as well as scientific and technological literature.
At the end of 2017, the number of employees in the company was 6715, all of whom were employees of the parent company. Chart: Distribution of the Hangzhou Bank, and branches (end 2017)
The Hangzhou Bank, the only national consumer finance company in Zhejiang province, initiated the establishment of the Hang Bank Consumer Finance Company, invested in Ishiguchi Bank and co-invested with the Australasia Federal Bank in five village and town banks.
• Hong Kong Silver Consumption Finance Co. Ltd.: established in 2015 with a registered capital of $500 million and established in conjunction with prominent citizens' companies in Zhejiang province, such as the Spanish Bank for Foreign Affairs and the Zhejiang Network Shunxeng Yibao Company Ltd., is the current Zhejiang province, the national consumer finance company, with 41 per cent of the shares in Hangzhou Bank.
Bank of Shizuku: Founded in 1987, with a registered capital of $1.02 billion, Hangzhou Bank and State Electric Finance Company Ltd. was listed as the first major shareholder, holding 19.8 per cent of the shares, and the company has achieved full local city coverage in Ningxia District and won “Ningxia Enterprises 100”. Chart: Hangzhou Bank's main equity participation company (2017; billions of yuan).
Implementation of the Six-Six Strategy, a value-leading bank vision: China's value-leading bank;
(a) Development goals: by 2020, the company's medium-term development goal is to become a “light, new, refined and aligned” quality banking transition;
A strategic shift, like a differentiated strategy, from traditional to new banks; six capacity-building efforts, from rough management to fine management, from lax, inefficient to rigorous and efficient; six business development strategies: strong retailing, building of fist products; specialized corporations, becoming industry specialists; excellent stewardship, building peer platforms; and effective nurturing.
Regionalization features; effective promotion of digital innovation; active pursuit of integrated business; six main areas of capacity-building: organizational management capacity, risk entrepreneurship, collaborative synergies, resource allocation capacity, cost-pricing capacity and system capacity-building.
At the end of the quarter, there was a decrease of 7bps, or 14bps, compared to 2017. Since 2017, bank failures in Hangzhou have continued to decline and asset quality has improved markedly.
At the end of the third quarter of 2018, non-performing loans amounted to 5.3 billion yuan, compared to +17.8 per cent (2018h:1.1 per cent). The growth in non-performing loans increased, but the size of total loans expanded faster and the negative rate diluted.
The ratio of regular loans has increased, and the ratio of loans has declined. According to the classification criteria for class V loans, the bank of Hangzhou has regular loans, interest in loans, sub-prime loans, lost loans amounting to 3,368 billion yuan, $5 billion, $3.5 billion, $1.1 billion, $700 million, respectively.
Focusing on the increase in the decline in loans and the continuing decline in loans more than 90 days overdue Chart: Focusing on loan balances and the pace of growth Listed banks have assets of better quality than the banking sector as a whole, with low rates of bad business in the city.
Figure: Listed bank asset quality indicator (201.8h: billion yuan) Performance decelerated slightly, net interest income contributed to performance growth Net interest income contributed to performance growth
Net interest income is the main driving force behind the growth in performance. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company returned $4.4 billion in net profit to its parent, or 20.4% of the year, with net interest income, other non-interest income contributing to performance growth rates of 40.0%, 36.9%, net fees, management costs, and graph: Analysis of performance attribution for the first three quarters of 2018.
The performance rate fell slightly, but remained high. The performance rate fell slightly, but remained high. In 2018, Hangzhou Bank achieved operating income of $17.1 billion, compared to +21.0 per cent (2018q3; 24.9 per cent; 2017: 2.8 per cent), down 4.0 percentage points from the previous three quarters.
The rate of increase rose significantly to 28.4 per cent, with a slight decline in the second quarter (2018h: 26.3 per cent). In 2018, the company achieved a net return profit of 5.4 billion.
The net interest income growth ring fell slightly in the first three quarters of 2018. The bank realized a net interest income of $10.7 billion, compared with +16.0 per cent in the first half of the year, a 1.3 percentage point increase, an increase of 11.1 percentage points from 2017.
The net revenue from fees has decreased slightly, while other non-interest-bearing income has increased significantly. The net revenue from fees has decreased slightly, and the median share has continued to rise. In the three quarters of 2018, net revenue from fees was 890 million yuan, with the ratio being the largest (26.9 per cent), and the ratio from bond underwriting and credit card charges was the lowest (20.5 per cent, 17.1 per cent).
Other non-interest income as a percentage of operating income rose to 9.5%. Management costs slowed down, cost controls were effective, management costs slowed down, and cost controls were effective. By the end of the third quarter of 2018, Hangzhou banking and management costs stood at $3.6 billion, a year-on-year ratio.
+12.3 per cent, a 4.1 percentage point decrease over the first half of the year.
The ratio of loans to total assets rose and investment continued to rise. At the end of the third quarter of 2018, the share of loans to total assets was 38.5 per cent.
At the end of 2018, individual loans rose by 12.7 billion yuan, compared to 36.3 per cent, and the savings increased slightly, and the personal deposits grew rapidly.
At the end of 2018, the deposit balance was 53.28 billion yuan, compared to +18.8 per cent (2018q3: capital adequacy rate, capital adequacy rate at level I, capital adequacy rate at level I, capital adequacy rate at level I). At the end of the third quarter of 2018, Hangzhou bank adequacy rate, capital adequacy rate at level I,
The rapid expansion of interest-bearing assets has led to a decline in their capital adequacy rate, which is already below the commercial bank average of 13.8 per cent, 11.3 per cent, 10.8 per cent (2018q3), and the banks have capital supplementation needs.
On February 2, Hangzhou Bank issued an announcement on measures to stabilize the stock price. According to the stable stock price plan, the Department has met the trigger conditions for stabilizing the share price.
Net interest income and other non-interest income contributed to performance growth by 40.0 per cent and 36.9 per cent, respectively, with the average interest-bearing asset balance and +36.4 per cent of net interest income, the Hangzhou Bank ' s expansion continued, with loans leading the list at a similar rate; credit risk; liquidity risk;