• A steady growth in design operations and stock incentive amortization of performance
In recent years, Weir shares have published annual reports for 2018: 3,964 million yuan, an increase of 64.74 per cent over the reporting period; $1.39 million in net return to the mother, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the previous period; and 0.32 yuan per share.
1) The increase in revenue in 2018 was 64.74% in the same year, the increase in revenue in the distribution business contributed significantly, and the equity incentive amortized the year’s performance. Of this, the semiconductor design business achieved $831 million, a 15.19% increase in the same year, and the Māori rate was 33.46%, a 0.73 percentage point decrease in the same year; the distribution business achieved $3.28 billion, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 86.73%, Māori rate of 20.79%, Māori rate of 6.43 percentage points in the same year, and an increase in revenue and Māori rate of increase in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the tightness of electronic components. The combined Māori rate of 23.45% for the year as a whole is an increase in the amortization of equity incentive costs.
2. The industry climate affects the performance of the four-quarter seasons and is expected to improve in the second quarter. In the four-quarter seasons, the company collected $850 million, an increase of 7.92 per cent, a decline of 30.21 per cent in the ring comparison; net profit return to the mother - $107 million; gross loss of profit is due mainly to the fact that the company ' s design and distribution sales are on average due to the industry climate.
There was a decline in all ratios; the reversal of prices for some proxy products led to a decline in the Māori rate of distribution operations in the fourth quarter; and significant intermediary costs paid to intermediaries in the fourth quarter to implement major asset restructuring. The increase in Māori in mosfet was evident, and semiconductor design continued to grow.
The growth in corporate design revenue in 2018 was 15.19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continuing the growth that has taken place since the market. Among these, the growth in revenue from the operations of ic, radio frequency, and microsensors was significant, with increases of 35.07 per cent and 137.84 per cent, respectively. The increase in the Māori ratio for the main products tvs, mosfet was significant, with a 2.18 percentage point increase in the Māori rate for the same year.
The Mäori rate of mosfet increased by 11.46 percentage points over the same period, and the Mäori rate of radio frequency and microsensor operations improved. Mergers and acquisitions are progressing well and are expected to become platform-based enterprises in the field of semiconductor design.
$167 million, an increase of 65.07 per cent in the same year, and a share of 4.22 per cent. If the design business alone is designed, the R & D investment in the design business accounts for 15.24 per cent of the sales revenue. Moreover, according to the company announcement, the merger and purchase of the Cis chip is going well for Haughey and Spico in Beijing.
The design and design of the body separation device, i.e. the merger and acquisition of Howie, will further strengthen the company’s semiconductor design business.pe(ttm) is 87 times higher than the industry’s equivalent, but given that the company is currently planning to acquire the cis chip
The top three players in the world, Beijing Howie, will lead semiconductor designs and maintain a “recommended” rating once the acquisition is completed.1 The industry climate is not rising as expected;2 asset restructuring is not advancing as expected.2 Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.