Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Weir stock build-up (603501.sh) (downgraded) Equity incentive amortization costs affecting year-round performance, Howe acquisition
The net profit of the shareholders of the municipal company was $139 million, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the non-recurring gains and losses due to the elimination of the cost of corporate equity incentives was $346 million, an increase of 1. The performance of the three-quarters report was in line with expectations, and continued to focus on Howie.
Distribution operations affect four quarters of performance. Due to the impact of the China-United States trade war and the downstream market climate, corporate semi-carrier distribution operations and a much lower Māori rate.
Close to 80%, so distribution profits have a greater impact on overall profits. Also, a four-quarter profit is affected by stock price decline preparedness. We expect the distribution industry to acquire scarce targets in Beijing cis in late 2019, after the inventory process at the beginning of the year.
The Māori ratio is expected to return to normal levels. If the cost is eliminated, the net profit from the parent deduction is $346 million, an increase of 117.64 per cent over the same period. Howe’s acquisition is expected to be completed in the near future.
If the acquisition succeeds, the company will hold a 100% stake in the Beijing Howie. The outlook for the cis market in Beijing is good.
The demand for cis, the growth rate of cell phones and the increase in penetration are beyond our expectations. Collections and Māori rates will continue to be affected by the downstream economic situation and the trade war, and will be in stock, with prospects for improvement in the second half of the year.
Risk of failure of reorganization: underutilization of downstream demand in the electronics sector leads to underperformance. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market