The distribution business is driven by high growth, and the acquisition of Howie is well advanced.
Incident: The company issued its annual 2018 report, which achieved a gross operating income of $3.964 billion, compared with the impact of the amortization of the cost of the restrictive equity incentive scheme in the same year. The net profit attributable to the non-recurring gain or loss of the parent was $346 million, an increase of 117.64 per cent.
Distribution is driven by high revenue growth, and equity incentives to amortize costs affect performance. Sales amounted to 3,128 million dollars a year, an increase of 87 per cent a year, and Māori amounted to 20.79 per cent, an increase of +6.43 ptt. Companies continue to enrich agency lines and have made breakthroughs in their new clients in the first half of the year.
There is a general shortfall in the prices of the modulus, which also drives the surge in the distribution business. Profit-end growth is largely non-existent, mainly due to the amortization of equity incentive costs of 259 million, and a significant fall in profits and losses of 107 million during the first quarter of the fourth quarter.
The downside of the semiconductor, which affected both the design and distribution of the company;2 preparation of the total stock/flow (millions of shares) for full stock decline; and the larger payments made by 3 companies to implement major asset restructuring
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) shows steady growth in design operations, with many breakthroughs in products.
Distribution operations have broken out, design operations have been robust, the product series has produced more than a billion products a year, and consumer-type products have been ranked first among the domestic design firms; half-yearly growth in tvs - 2018/08/01
In the field of wave protection devices, companies are able to provide domestic design that can provide the most complete product series Companies, which have the highest output in consumer-type markets, and in the area of mosfet, radio-frequency chips, silicon, live chips, corporate products have a certain competitive advantage and are progressively phased in
In 2018, the company completed a partial acquisition of the shareholding in Beijing, which to date has combined 14.47% of the shareholding in Beijing, while the remaining 85.53% is well under way and is expected to land during the year.
The world's top three cos image sensor suppliers are extremely competitive in the areas of mobile communications, security, car electronics, high overlaps between end customers and Weir, considerable synergies between the two, and once integrated, the company will become one of the largest semiconductor design companies in the country.
Keeping the "buy-in" rating. We look forward to the development of the company's distribution and design business, and annual revenues of $47.22, 59.99 and $7.660 billion, respectively. The net profit to the mother is 2.99, 4.00, the distribution business is driving high growth, and the acquisition of Howie is well advanced.
Profit projections and financial indicators: distribution operations driven by high growth, acquisition of Howie for smooth advancement
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.