A strategic partnership with Edivodz led to a breakthrough in the diversity strategy.
(edwards) Strategic collaboration to provide vacuum pump castings, which are expected to contribute hundreds of millions of annual revenues from the global tap edwards, which has been in existence for over 100 years since 1919.
Historically, in 1975, operations covered 75 countries around the world and were acquired by atlas in 2014. According to the Stereo Hydraulic Public, the global share of edwards in semiconductor vacuum pumps is as high as 95%, and the global share of vacuum pumps in lithium batteries, photovoltaics, pharmaceuticals, etc. is 70%.
It's about 700 million pounds. Based on the 10-20% of the vacuum pump value, edwards really buy about 500-20 billion yuan a year, and we expect the future single-edwards vacuum pump foundr business to make a steady contribution as it gets closer together with edwards.
According to Isvt, the market size of the global vacuum pump in 2019 was about $35 billion, of which the semiconductor used vacuum equipment about $13.5 billion, or 38% of the largest application area.
In terms of entry structure, semiconductor vacuum pumps accounted for 37.3 per cent of revenue in 2012, which is comparable to that of the industry. In addition, general vacuum pumps, emerging field vacuum pumps, and service receipts were 28.4 per cent, 7.0 per cent, 27.3 per cent, respectively, of edwards semiconductor customers, including crystal circle and semiconductor equipment plants, 2010 - 2010.
In 2012, the largest clients of the company were Samsung, whose share of income was 15.1 per cent, 13.6 per cent and 13.4 per cent respectively, and this collaboration highlighted the persistence of rigid casting techniques and laid the foundation for the company ' s entry into the semiconductor, new energy, and pharmaceutical industries.
Based on our previous depth reports, the domestic market for dredging hydraulics was approximately $20 billion in 2020, the non-digger hydraulics market was about three times that of excavators (60 billion dollars) and the year 2020 was not the same.
Digging tanks + non-digger pump valves with only $1.6 billion in revenue, very low penetration rates, and promising future expansion. For global platform-type hydraulics, Luxler, with a constant shift from excavator to generic core parts, to a three-fold general hydraulics field of excavator hydraulics, opening the second growth curve.
We expect that in the future, the company ' s individual new products will be expected to contribute billions of yuan a year, rich in product sets and faster to roll out new ones. Compared to generic equipment and spare parts, the constant valuation has been highly rated in three quarters of the year: strong Alpha attributes.
Visiblely, profitability is still outstanding. 2021-  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is a rare leader in high-end hydraulics produced in the country, has a high-tech, high-platform, and opens up a second-growth curve in the general domain. We maintain the company.
Mid-year review: high volume operations, increased R & D layout, third round of expansion.