Long electricity technology: a significant increase in the net profit ring ratio of q2 and a positive layout of advanced containment and auto electronics Investment rating: Increased (first) • Long power technology published semi-annual report 2023, with a higher net profit ring ratio of q2 in the first half of 2023
Growth, rapid growth in the area of automobile electronics, the strategic layout of high-value-added markets such as automobile electronics, 5g communications, high-performance computing, storage, etc., accelerated by firms moving from consumer to market demand, in the area of downstream applications of corporate products.
The firm’s business income in the first half of 2023 was divided by market area of application: telecommunications electronics.
By the first half of 2023, the share of customers abroad had risen significantly.
Overseas customers account for 81% of the total. The company relies on global operations centres with technical characteristics and competitive advantages, providing customers with a system-integrated envelope from systems design to technology development, product certification, crystal circle measurements, crystal-class intermediate seals in Korea, Singapore, Jiangyang, Kyongzhou, and residential plants.
A full-scale chip-making input for the manufacture of chip-based products for loading tests, system-grade encapsulation tests and chip-finishing tests continued to develop and optimize multi-area layouts, acquired in the first half of 2023 in the electronics of automobiles, the establishment of an industrial intelligence department to promote high-performance computing systems and the development of high-technology products
The company's system solution to the intelligent incremental market for cars, such as high-level assistive driving adas, has landed in front of the layout and the development of the encapsulation of related products, contributing to a rapid increase in the electronic collection of cars in the first half of the year and a 130 per cent increase in the same year; in the first half of the year, the company set up the Ministry of Industry and Smart Industries, through a holistic approach.
The solution is a core technology development mechanism, with successively integrated solutions for applications such as 5g radio frequency, high performance, computing systems, multi-scenes smart terminals, one-stop, customized technologies and services for clients, acceleration of Hpc high numeracy systems, storage and power management, and intelligence.
Market openings in areas such as terminal modules and ecosystems: the company achieved full coverage of the linear product grade0 in the development and volume of optical encapsulation technology for millimetre wave radars and laser mines, along with the layout of the third generation of semiconductor power modules, and advanced containment of power devices.
In terms of communications applications, the Department has taken the lead in the production programme for the import and testing of 5g mm wavel-patid products by customers, and 5g mm wave antenna aip module products have entered the production.
• Advanced sealing is increasing over the whole of the encapsulation market. The company is the core firm in the area of sealing, the company with the highest number of manufacturers in mainland China, and the advanced seal is the best option to continue Moore's laws, and the semiconductor sealing industry is traditionally sealed.
According to yole, the global total of the advanced envelope market was 37.4 billion in 2021, with annual compound increases of 9.6% compared to the overall and traditional envelope market during the same period.
The growth of the advanced envelope market is even more significant, and will contribute to the major increase in the world’s seal market. Out-of-the-board list of companies from China’s 10 largest mainlands by 2022 was 21.07%, and from China’s mainland market 51%.
Technology is ranked third among the top ten Osat manufacturers around the world. Companies are based on the global landscape, one-stop customers, and technology is strong, and companies are based on six integrated circuit production bases worldwide, serving global diversity.
At the same time, companies act as global leaders in integrated circuit manufacturing and technology services. Providers, long-range electricity technology, provide a full range of chip products to make one-stop services. Corporate products, services and technologies cover mainstream integrated circuit system applications, including network communications, mobile terminals, etc.
High-performance computing, car-borne electronics, big data storage, artificial intelligence and object networking, industrial intelligence, etc.
One-stop solution covering: encapsulation and integration design, crystal-clane cones, crystal-crystal probes, base sheet sealing, test program development, final testing, sealed packaging, and terminal delivery.
In the first half of 2023, the company realized business income of RMB 12.17 billion.
Figure 3 Company operating income per single quarter: 2021q2-2023q2 (millions of yuan)
The strategic layout of high-value-added markets, such as sub, 5g communications, high-performance computing and storage, has continued to focus on high-performance envelopes and high-value-added applications, further enhancing core competitiveness. Companies ' operating revenues in the first half of 2023 were divided by market application areas: 35.4% telecommunication, 26.1% consumer electronics, and 26.1% treasuance electronics.
Automobile electronics grew by 6.9 percentage points and industrial and medical electronics by 1.4 percentage points; long-power technology continued to optimize multi-area layouts; progress was made in the first half of 2023 in the electronics of automobiles, the establishment of the Ministry of Industrial Intelligence and Energy, and the promotion of high-performance computing systems and the development of high-technology products.
In the first half of the year, the company set up the Ministry of Industry and Smart Industries, through a technology development mechanism with a holistic solution at its core.
Ongoing introduction of holistic solutions for applications such as 5g radio frequency power, high-performance computing systems, multi-scenes smart terminals to provide one-stop, customized technologies and services to clients and to accelerate market opening in areas such as Hpc high-value systems, storage and power management, smart terminal modules and ecosystems; companies in millimetre wave radars and lasers
With regard to the development of optical containment technology for radar products and volume production, full coverage was achieved for line-lined products grade0, while the third generation of semiconductor power modules and advanced containment technology for power devices were phased in; in terms of communication requirements, the company had taken the lead in importing 5g mm wavel-patid to its customers.
The product and test mass production programme, with the 5g mm wave antenna aip module, has also entered mass production. Thanks to the growth of new energy cars, the company’s system solutions for the car-smart incremental market, such as adas, have been pre-positioned and associated products.
In April 2023, a joint venture between long-power technology and Shanghai port was established in the Shanghai Free Trade Experiment Area.
The new section of Hong Kong has set up a storage base for the manufacture of car chips, a 5-g radio frequency system, high-performance computing systems, multiple scenes, and an industry.
Integrated solutions for applications such as smart terminals that provide one stop and smart, customized technologies and services to speed up Hpc high-calculus systems,
The development and quantity of optical encapsulation technology for millimetre wave radar and laser radar products, in areas such as storage and power management, smart terminal modules and ecosystems, have achieved full coverage of the wiring product gradeo
The third generation of semiconductor power modules, advanced containment of power devices, introduction and development of high technology.
In response to commercial-related needs of 5g mm waves, the company has taken the lead in importing 5gmm wavel-patid products and in testing the mass product programmes in households with passenger technology products.
The 5-mm wave antenna aip module product has also been introduced into volume production The company is active in overseas client outreach, accounting for more than 80% of customers overseas. The company has been active in expanding the overseas customer market, from 58% of customers abroad in 2013 to peak overseas in 2016
Eighty-three per cent of overseas receipts rose rapidly, mainly from the 2015 M&A of the company. While the ratio fell gradually from 2017 onwards. But since 2021, companies have accounted for 81 per cent of the share abroad and elsewhere.
In China, Jiangyang, Xiangzhou, Cebu Factory, provide a one-stop service to clients for the manufacture of chip products from system integration envelope design to technology development, product recognition, crystal circle measurements, crystal-class intermediate seal testing, system-level seal testing and chip-finishing testing.
Figure 8 Company ' s share of revenues in the first half of 2023 (domestic vs abroad) has decreased Māori rates and net interest rates on a year-on-year basis due to fluctuations in market demand. The Māori rate and net interest rate have been driven by multiple factors, such as fluctuations in market demand, reduced orders, and reduced capacity utilization due to fluctuations in long electricity and technology.
Companies continue to invest in research and development, consolidating technological advantages. From 637 million in the first half of 2022, 2 long electrotechs: with an internationalized vision and a global layout.
The company was established in 1972: the company became integrated circuits in 1989 and the automated production line became operational: in 2000, the company was transformed into Jiangsu Chang Electric Technology Co. Ltd.: in 2003, the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and in the same year, the company established the Long Power Advanced Company: the company established the Long Power Sector in 2011.
Technology and Housing Corporation: Established in 2012: Long Electric Technology State Company: In 2015 the company acquired S.C. Kimbon: in 2020 The company established the Long Electric Technology Management Company Limited: in 2021 the company set up the Design Services Centre and the Automobile Electronics Centre: in 2022, the integrated high-end manufacturing project began.
Chart 12 has a history of 2.2 depths of advanced encapsulation technology, and in the future advanced encapsulations are the main additions to the encapsulation market, focusing on key applications, targeting the global market, and providing high-end customized encapsulation test solutions.
Deep layout advanced encapsulation technology. Long-electric technology focuses on key applications with advanced containment technologies for semiconductors with industry leading in key areas such as communications 5g, high-performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, wlb, pip, pop and xdfoitm series, etc.) and mixed signal/radio frequency integration.
Road tests and resource advantages, and mass production, can provide markets and customers with tailor-made technology solutions The company has accumulated more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment tests, widely recognized by its clients, with market leadership in communications applications from 12x12mm 5g
To 77.5 x 77.5 mm full-sized fcbga product engineering and mass production capability. At the same time as the volume of encapsulation is increasing, and on the basis of the patent layout of the previous system platform, the company has developed with its clients 2.5dfcbga products based on high-density fanout containment technology, and certifies fcbga that matches 3dsoc via the tsv hex.
The company ' s deep-seated high-density isotopic integration solution, coupled with multiple international and domestic clients to complete the development and volume of multiple 5g radio frequency (RF) modules, product performance and excellence lead ahead of international competitors, high level of client and market recognition, and has been applied in the 5g mobile terminal area
In a number of high-end 5g mobile terminals, module density is raised to 1.5 times that of the previous generation of products through process optimization, assistive devices and equipment upgrades. Full coverage of the type of containment required has been achieved.
The company ' s ownership of the cis process line that can be applied to high-performance high-pixel video sets also provides the basis for the company to compete further for a larger share of the fast-growing cis process line, such as the module market.
The company has a dedicated Automobile Electronics Centre, which further deepens the planning and operation of automobile electronics and achieves a rapid expansion in the area of auto electric subs. The product type covers a number of applications such as smart cabins, smart network connections, adas, sensors and powerware. The company joined the International Aec Automobile Electronics Committee, the first sealed company to enter China.
During the reporting period, the company established a joint venture with Shanghai Hong Kong to set up a storage base for the manufacture of car chips in the new section of Shanghai's free trade pilot zone and continue to promote the placement of motor electronics. In addition, the company's six production bases, both in and out of the country, are fully connected to the iatf16949 certification (a certification for the automobile industry quality management system).
The semiconductor storage market leader's sealing services cover a variety of storage chip products, such as dram, flash, with more than 20 years of memory encapsulation experience, 16 layers of nadflash stacking, 35m ultra thin chip production capacity, hybrid heterogeneity stacking, etc., and are in the lead domestically.
The company has a full range of solutions. The company’s domestic plant covers most of the generic envelope testing types and some of the high-end wrapping types in the encapsulation industry; adequate capacity, short delivery times, good quality (with a good rate of 99.9% or more), and a one-stop service that allows households to access system integration and testing from the middle channel.
Xdf01 full series of products launched by the company, and the current Xdf01chiple high density multi-dimensional isomer integration series is planned, i.e. artificial intelligence/iot material entering a stable volume production phase, synchronized with the integration of the 4nm node multichip system into a packaged product for the largest envelope.
The technology is a highly dense, multi-panded, high-density assortment integration solution for Chiplet, which uses the concept of co-design to integrate and test chip products, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3d integration technologies. After continuous research and development and customer product validation, long-electric technology Xdf01tm has made a breakthrough.
Applications in the fields of high performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, motor electronics, etc., provide clients with a lighter external, faster data transfer, faster and less power-depleted chip manufacturing solution to meet growing end-market demand. As electronic products move further toward miniaturization and multifunctionality, the chip sizes are smaller and the chip species are smaller.
The growing number of categories, with a significant increase in the number of output footings, has led to the development of technology such as 3d envelopes, fan wraps (fowlp/plp), microscopic welding lines, and systems wrapping (sip) as one of the best options for the continuation of Moore's laws. The semiconductor sealing industry is also transitioning from traditional seals to advanced containment technologies, with advanced containment techniques throughout.
The share of the encapsulation market is increasing. According to yole, in 2021, the world’s advanced cap market mains grew at an annual compound rate of 9.6 per cent, which is more significant than the overall cap market and the traditional cap market during the same period, and will contribute to the major increase in the global capping market.
Figure 142021-2027: Overview of the advanced encapsulation ratio (advanced encapsulation ratio up) The company is the core firm in the area of sealing, and is the first-highest-ever company in mainland China. According to figures from the Institute, Taiwan, China, mainland China, and the United States account for a major share of the market.
Of the top ten Osat manufacturers, five are in Taiwan, with a market share of 39.36%; four are in mainland China, accounting for 21.07% of the top ten mainland Chinese businesses and 51% of the top electricity technology. The Global Market is ranked third among the top ten Osat manufacturers in the world.
The industry accounts for a major share, with the top three Osat manufacturers still controlling the half of the wall, with a total city share of nearly 52%. Figure 152022: Top ten Osat manufacturers worldwide. Figure 162022: Top ten Osat manufacturers in China.
Figure 17,2022 Global Commission external market coverage (long-power technology ranked third in the world) 2.3 Based on the global pattern, serving global customers, technologically strong and one-stop customers capable of serving customers
The company has an international perspective, has two major R & D centers in China and Korea, and has two major R & D centers, and has such R & D platforms as the National Engineering Laboratory for High Density Integrated Circuit Seal, the Postdoctoral Research Workstation, and the National Enterprise Technology Centre; and has strong engineering capabilities and experience.
In the first half of 2023, the company was granted 53 patents, both domestic and external, of which 49 were patents (24 patents on offshore inventions); and a total of new ( 1,471 patents in the United States).
The company is based on six major integrated circuit production bases worldwide, serving diverse and high-quality client groups worldwide. The company’s operations have a wide geographical coverage, a stable diverse and high-quality client base globally, with clients spread across major regions of the world, including integrated circuit manufacturers, crystal-free-crystal companies and crystal-crystal plants, and
Many customers are market leaders in their respective fields. Companies have established sophisticated operations in countries where strategic semiconductor markets are located, and are close to major crystal-crystal manufacturing hubs, providing full integration, multi-position (multi-site), end-to-end sealing services to customers.
As the leading global provider of integrated circuit manufacturing and technology, long-range technology provides a full range of chip manufacturing one-stop services. Corporate products, services and technologies cover mainstream integrated circuit system applications, including network communications, mobile terminals, high performance computing, vehicle electronics, large data storage, artificial intelligence and object networking,
In the field of industrial intelligence, long-range electrical technology provides a full-scale one-stop solution consisting of integrated envelopes, tests, direct delivery to end-users, using its own powerful capabilities at the end-to-end combination of encapsulation design, encapsulation integration and testing.
Final testing, sealed packaging and terminal delivery. Chart 19 Overview of business processes in the off-site area (companies one-stop service capacity)
2.5dicpackages through siliconvia fan-inwaferlevelpackages
3dicpackages integratedpassivedevices
In its 2022 annual report, the company stated that according to the World Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization (wsts), it is expected to increase its research and development investment.
In 2023, the semiconductor market showed a downward trend. In the face of complex and volatile markets and circumstances, the Department plans to continuously optimize capital spending, continue to increase investment in research and development, optimize plant operations, upgrade corporate governance, professionalize, optimize supply chain management systems, and further implement corporate talent strategies and reserves.
In terms of continuing to increase investment in R & D costs, the diversification of the Chiplet microchip solution, the plp panel level, the development of practical technology for wrapping, the development of new-generation power unit modules such as silicon carbide and nitrous thorium will be a major thrust in 2023, while companies will continue to invest in the development of medium-test production lines at the Shanghai Innovation Centre.
The Ministry of Smart Applications, in the non-car sector and in applications such as artificial intelligence, which has a more robust future prospects for development in the future, has established mechanisms for product development and market promotion, with smart solutions at its core, to further expand the platforming of engineering and engineering development and extension.
Major investments have focused on future development projects such as auto electronics containment bases, 2.5dchiplet, new-generation power plant encapsulation, planning, and the upgrading of existing plants to high-performance containment technology, plant automation, etc., to reduce the scale of technological and productive renewal of existing plants ' conventional products.
In 2023, the company plans to focus its main investment on future development projects such as auto electronics containment bases, 2.5dchiplet, new-generation power plant block-capability planning, and the upgrading of existing plants towards high-performance containment technology, plant automation, etc., to reduce the scale of technological and production-capacity renewal of conventional products from existing plants.
In terms of continuing to increase investment in R & D costs, the diversification of the Chiplet microchip solution, the plp panel envelopes, technological research and development, the development of new-generation power unit modules such as silicon carbonide and nitrous thorium will be the main thrust in 2023, while the company will continue to invest in the development of medium-test production lines at the Shanghai Innovation Centre.
In applications such as non-car areas and artificial intelligence with more robust prospects for future development, the establishment of product development and market extension mechanisms with smart solutions as a nuclear option, further expansion of the platform for plant engineering technology development and extension, and the active use of short-term collection and profit-making space for adjustment cycles and reduction in corporate efficiency and governance capacity will be pursued.
Optimizing plant efficiency, upgrading corporate governance, flexible global layout, accelerating the active transformation of chip-finished manufacturing processes into high-performance, and intellectualization of product automation.
In 2023, companies will continue to diversify supply chains, localize certification and import. At the same time, companies will pursue the optimization of supply chain management.
A step-by-step consolidation of supply chain procurement advantages, expansion of global plant procurement concentration, implementation of a strategy for centralized procurement of critical goods, and implementation of an integrated group supply chain management model that optimizes supplier resources and reduces costs. At the same time, taking advantage of the Shanghai innovation platform, accelerating the development of diversified suppliers and continuously promoting one-stop collection platforms.
In 2023, the company will focus on increasing organizational resilience and responding in a timely manner to changing market environments and enabling business development strategies. The Division will further promote a high-performance culture through the kr mechanism to implement the imported decomposition and landing of strategic objectives of the company and the teams, and by strengthening the linkage between the improvement of incentives and performance.
The company will promote productive research and research to a new level.
This has led to the development of a multi-layered industry that has led to the effective integration of production and education. The lack of coverage, the pace of expansion, increased competition in the market, the underdevelopment of technology, and the investment of the Boding Fund, among others, have had eight years of experience as a buyer.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.