In terms of coal operations, the company produced 4,385,000 tons of coal in 2022, a decrease of 650,000 tons (-1.46%); and in terms of cooking coal.
18.33 million tonnes, a decline of 1.39 million tonnes (-7.05%) in the same year, and the decline in production may be due to underground factors such as geological conditions. As production returns to normal in the future, raw coal production is expected to increase one step further. Corporate coal sales of 32.170,000 tonnes, a decline of 4.05 million tonnes (11.18%) in the same year.
This may be due to the impact of the October-November epidemic on coal sales. Of this amount, 7.32 million yuan/tonne was sold in coca, an increase of 6.37 per cent over the same period. This may be mainly due to changes in accounting policies, higher costs associated with the recording of freight costs in operating costs, and lower sales of merchandise coal.
The sales price was $1271.26 per ton, an increase of $342.43 per ton over the same year (+36.87 per cent). Of this, 67.04 per cent, an increase of 9.08 pct over the same year. In electricity and thermal operations, 21.5 billion degrees were produced in 2022, an increase of 800 million degrees (+3.86 per cent) in the same year, mainly from the purchased Chinese shrug coal.
The company ' s electricity and heat operations generated operating income of $7,212 million, or 4.1 million tons, a decrease of 50,000 tons (1.20 per cent) in the same year; and the sales of coke of 4.190,000 tons, an increase in the same year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. 2023 Cream steel industry chain or overall excellence, looking at the company ' s high-quality coal resource price for resilience and bullets, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
According to the latest edition published by the World Iron and Steel Association on 18 April (2023-2024)
Iron and steel demand projections report that global demand will rebound by 2.3 per cent in 2023, reaching 1,823 million tons. Of this, our demand for iron and steel is expected to grow by 2.0 per cent in 2023, while the demand for and demand for coal from the developing world will remain tight and the global price of coal from coal is expected to remain high.
The strong demand for iron and steel in developing economies will also make it more difficult for us to import coal, which is expected to rise steadily and remain high as the economy recovers steadily in the country and real-estate data warms up, so that demand for coal is refined or released.
At the base of the country's large coal planning base, a rich pool of cokered resources, rich in cokers, high-quality and scarce coal species such as coal, fat coal, with the advantages of low ash fractions, low sulfur fractions, good flaring, etc., more in line with the new trends in the future large-scaleization of furnaces and the transformation of the steel industry, the company's coal-carrying products or the future.
On July 29, 2020, at a workshop in the second half of 2020, the Coal Group proposed a three-year three-step war.
The year 2022 was the year when the first three-step strategy began to yield results, when companies acquired 51 per cent of the Chinese coal and 49 per cent of the Ming Ju coal industry. They finished their business in December 2022.
BB. The assets of the four mines belonging to Hwa Jinko Coal are 11.1 million tonnes/year, with an equity capacity of hundreds of millions. At this point, the company is not yet fully operational. The company expects to be able to rise in 2024 in the first year of its rise. In its 2022 report, the company once again mentioned its commitment to doing well.
We anticipate that companies will continue to promote the coal production-intensive strategy of 207 million tons of coal by the end of 2021, and that the group will still have a large amount of coal production capacity.
Quality resource endowments bring significant operational efficiency, and companies maintain high dividends and returns on shareholders. Companies are rich in mineral reserves, stable coal layers, near-level coal layers, and simple geological formations.
The cost of mining is low. In 2022, the company’s gross coal-rich ton was $865, with a Maori rate of 67.04%, which is much higher than that of comparable companies. At the same time, the company’s per capita efficiency has continued to grow, operating efficiency has been increasing, and the number (+21.36%) has led to a decline in per capita efficiency, but it is still much higher than that of comparable companies.
In the future, as corporate management progresses, corporate coal sales costs are expected to decrease and maintain industry-led efficiency. At the same time, companies continue to maintain a high proportion of current profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies own rich coal-fired coal varieties and high-quality primary coal, and have
Empirical growth from high-quality coal asset injections, strong endogenous dynamics from efficient operations, and future growth potential Risk factors: significant declines in coal prices due to severe macroeconomic downturns, and indeterminate industrial policies
Qualitative and safe production accident risks: Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Society for Geology and Minerals Economics, member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues. June 2016: U.N. Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. 2019 to date, responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chun-chix, Li Chun-chix, cfa, member of China's Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Financial Sciences.
Research on large energy panels such as coal, electricity, natural gas, etc. High-level Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June of that year for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications and in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, she joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, from Wu Bo-jin to Jilin University for Industrial Economics, and in July 2022, she joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for Coal and Coal Chemical Industry Hu Xiao Jian, the University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences for Economics and the University of the Southwest for Financial Sciences.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.