The company published a quarterly report in 2022, which generated business income of $1.341 billion a quarter, compared to the previous year.
A 40.83 per cent increase and a 13.61 per cent decrease in the ring ratio; net profit from the return of the mother is 531 million yuan, which is the same increase.
Total equity/flow (million shares) is complete and has a high rate of ownership in a highly autonomous and manageable market.
Calculating and marketing, dominated by special integrated circuits and smart safety chips, is the company ' s main profit source of 111,051,055, which has gradually been active in the field of semiconductor power and graphite crystal frequency devices in recent years.
237.72/117.00 Revenues from special integrated circuit operations are growing rapidly, with downstream demand driving the company ' s overall earnings at $1 billion, an increase of 63.35 per cent over the same period. On a quarterly basis, 2,021q4 battalions received $1,553 million, a gain of the same amount.
Sub-products: Special integrated circuits generated revenue of 3,364 million yuan in 2021, accounting for the company ' s operations, which increased by 22.11 per cent from the same year.
The revenue from integrated circuits will continue to grow rapidly.
In terms of the net profit of the parent: in 2021, the net profit of the company was $1,954 million, an increase of 6.90% over the growth of the ring.
In 2021, the company ' s Māori rate was 59.48%, an increase of 9.89 percentage points. The company ' s special integrated circuit products have a higher Māori rate, with an income ratio of 62.98% in 2021, an increase of 11.82 percentage points in the same year.
The ratio of high-yield Māori products, such as roads, is expected to continue to grow further, driving companies to continue to increase their Māori ratios. 10,000 yuan, a significant increase compared to the same ratio of $95.5 million in the same period the previous year. The net profit rate was 39.59 per cent in the first quarter of 2022, a continuing increase of 5.6 per cent in the same period.
The increase in interest charges over the previous year was due to the total costing of capitalization in 2021 and the issuance of $1.5 billion in debt service obligations by companies; on the other hand, the exchange rate returns were higher, and the proportion of corporate R & D inputs cost-effective projects in 2021 was increasing.
The increase resulted in a significant increase in R & D costs over the same period. Contract liabilities, inventories, advances over the same period increased rapidly. Corporate contract liabilities grew rapidly in 2021, reaching $471 million at year-end, an increase of 211.92 per cent over the beginning of the period; and end-of-period forecast.
The cash flow improved in 2021, and the receivables continued to grow. In 2021, the cash flow of companies grew by 1,193 million yuan by the same year, by 185.51 per cent.
The large difference between net flows and net profits is due mainly to the rapid increase in the size of the special integrated circuit operation and the significant increase in profits, coupled with the large stock holdings and long periods of sales receipts, which result in larger holdings of inventory, receivables and outstanding receivables.
Special integrated circuits continue to be active: with the gradual information upgrade of special chip nationalization and mechanization of our special equipment, the total volume of value is increasing and downstream demand is expected to rise in the tenth.
The high barriers to special products during the four-fifths period help companies maintain high-market rates. Son, the company’s purple light creation is a national common fpga leader, and in 2021, the demand was spread in areas such as video image processing, and the special Sopc product platform was widely used and profitable in 2021.
At the same time, the share of corporate products in digital products and accompanying simulations is expanding, and digital power sources, adc, etc. are already being sold. It is expected to be brought to the company during the "145" period.
To improve performance, corporate smart chip products have significant advantages in terms of performance, cost, reliability, etc., applied in a wide range of areas such as mobile payments, finance, physical networking, car networking, etc.; companies have deepened their collaboration with domestic silver and communications network operators, covering digital currency, encrypted communications, and related 5g
Products. Multi-areas of corporate governance digitalization with microwire state, sim card chips, social security cards and traffic card chips, usb-key chips, posse safety chips, etc.
The growth in imports and the continuous transformation of new products into market orders is expected to give new impetus to development. Each year, the subsidiaries of Shenzhen achieved a modest revenue of 3,365 million yuan, an increase of 101.11%, and a net profit of 1,831 million yuan, an increase of 108.74%.
13.82 billion yuan, an increase of 13.31 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $55 million, an increase of 49.46 per cent in the same year. 782 million yuan, an increase of 147.75 per cent in the same year, was realized in the net profit of $4.9626 million.
Microlight is focused on semiconductor power operations, with a surge in research and development of miniature, high-frequency crystallined products.
Completion of the issue of convertable corporate bonds and collection of a total of RMB 1.5 billion (actual net collection of RMB 1,489 million) for the “new high-end safety chip development and industrialization project”, the “car-borne control chip development and industrialization project” and supplementary liquidity as of
By the end of 2021, the company had invested in raising a total of 604 million dollars. While maintaining the current special integrated circuit and security smart chip product, the company was actively expanding the new market growth point, and was expected to perform well in the new talent special integrated circuits, embracing the wave of information-building.
The company's car code safety chips perform well with the country's famous automobile factory, special integrated circuit taps, embrace the information-building wave, and the company's crystals are working together to deliver small amounts of supplies.
(a) A certain degree of municipal dominance and gradual cooperation with oems to actively expand high-end productive capacity.
The high industry climate brought about by the wave and adjusted profit projections based on the latest financial reports, is expected to make less progress in the development of new products for companies than expected: the demand for electronic information on defence equipment is less than expected: the price of raw materials is higher; the production capacity is less than expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report