In recent days, the company has published its annual report for 2021: during the reporting period, the company managed to collect $5,342 million, compared to the previous year.
63.35 per cent increase; net return to mothers of $1,954 million, an increase of 142.28 per cent over the same period; better growth and increased profitability in all lines of business. During the reporting period, the company smart security chip generated $1.663 billion, an increase of 22.11 per cent compared to 31.17 per cent compared to 31.17 per cent.
An increase of 6.34 pct; special integrated circuit operations generated revenues of 3,364 million yuan, an increase of 101.08 per cent, a Māori rate of 77.20 per cent, a decrease of 2.44 pct, a decrease of 2.44 pct, a rise of 37.60 per cent and a Māori rate of 20.82 per cent, an increase of 1.07 pct, a sales cost of 4.57 per cent.
Special integrated circuit orders are full and fast-growing. The company's special microprocessors and accompanied chip groups continue to be rolled out, applications are expanding. Special fpga products are growing rapidly, the 2xnams fpga series are becoming the mainstream product, and the development of a new generation of higher-performance products is progressing well.
Propulsion; special storage units are the most widely covered product series in the country covering special applications, with clear lead edges; network bus, interface products continue to lead the city; market shares such as system-level chips continue to grow, with digital power sources, high performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac
(25.9 (17.1) (22.1) models have started to be sold and are expected to be new growth points for companies during the "145" period.Intelligent security chip operations have continued to grow and car chips have injected new momentum during the reporting period.
The new product-related applications are being actively promoted. The share of telecommunications simca in the overseas market has continued to rise, the share of domestic banks in the domestic card chip market has increased further, and the share of overseas markets in various countries is increasing.
The company's digital money chip and the solution will lead the new direction of the financial payment market. The car chip side, company car code security chip program will be able to deliver bulk commercial, transferable loans in multiple cars.
Work on the DMV chip is progressing well and will give new impetus to future developments. Using market prices as a standard for 22 April 2022, the need for smart cards is lower than expected; the need for specialic is less than expected; and the capacity supply is less than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.