High and sustained performance growth, special interest in maintaining a high profile 27/04/04 2022 incident: Illuminati 26/04 2022, the first quarter of 2022
Multi-product lines have been developed in tandem, with a steady increase in profitability. From 2021 to 2022, q1, the company integrated circuit structure and business layout continued to be optimized, along with strong downstream demand in the industrial chain, the delivery of fully protected orders by industry companies, which achieved significant growth in operating income and net profits, and a steady increase in profitability.
The annual Māori rate was 59.48 per cent, an increase of 7.15 pct, 2022q1 Māori rates continued to improve compared to the previous year, and by product, the R$ 1,664 million (Yoy+22.11 per cent) in 2021 for corporate smart safety chips, and the 31.17 per cent Māori rate, a significant improvement of 6.34 ptt compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of further refinement of the product layout of the company.
Actively expanding overseas markets, etc.: special integrated circuits in companies generated revenue of 3,364 million yuan (yoy+101.08 per cent), Māori rate of 77.20 per cent (oy-2.44 ptt), high income growth mainly due to the continued high profile of the specialic sector and stable Māori rate at higher levels; crystal instruments generated 271 million yuan (yoy+37.6 per cent).
Māori is 20.82% (yoy+1.07pct). Special integrated circuits continue to have high viewing properties, and national microelectronics are leading companies in the field of special integrated circuit segmentation in the country.
The country's microelectronic technology is at the forefront of the country, with seven major product lines, such as microprocessors, programmable devices, storages, networks and interfaces, simulations, asic/sopc, and nearly 500 varieties, with a wide range of core products being used in related areas. In 2021, special integrated circuit downstream demand was created.
At the same time, the company has continued to conduct core chip technology closures around market demand, hundreds of serial products have continued to evolve, power-management chips have been enriched and market shares have been expanding; and the 2xnamfpga series of products have gradually expanded.
As a mainstream product, the new generation of sopc chips is well under way. Looking ahead, our special equipment is going to be released, built, special integrated circuits are being used as the basis for special equipment, information equipment, and the demand for national production is growing, and the two factors will jointly drive the country's microelectronics to maintain a high rate of growth.
In addition, in the area of general products, the company's share-in-stock subsidiary achieved revenues of $782 million in 2021 (yoy+232.89 per cent). In 2021, the company's large-scale fpga successfully achieved output volumes, the small- and medium-scale fpga product model spectrometry was further refined, and the total volume of company products doubled, with video images.
In the areas of processing, industrial control, and consumer markets, there has been a full and rapid increase in the volume of shipments and harvests. The first generation of sopc products of the company is well under way, and the second generation of sopc, which is oriented towards artificial intelligence and machine visuals, has also been launched, and it is hoped that the future will lead to a new wave of national production replacements for fpga.
>Intelligent security chip business continues to grow, with a swap project focusing on high-end safety chip and vehicle control chip.
In 2021, the company’s second-generation residential identity card and electronic travel document were supplied with a steady supply of licensed products, and new applications related to the identification of secure products are being actively promoted. In the case of telecomsim cards, the company uses a complete product layout for global telecommunicationssim.
The card market offers a rich selection of products, and the share of the overseas market continues to rise. Financial payments to secure products, the company’s share of the domestic bank’s ic card chip market has increased even further, while expanding overseas markets.
In addition, in 2021, the company successfully completed its debt-transferable issue and raised $1.5 billion in funds for the "New Highs" program.
The end-of-the-cycle chip development and industrialization project, “Carborne control chip development and industrialization project”, and the replenishment of liquidity, eased the liquidity pressure of listed companies, helped to build new business growth points, pushed companies up to 33/24/18 times the current price, and the company was the leading integrated circuit platform in the country.
Each year, the depth will benefit from the growth in special integrated circuit discharges and the demand for alternatives to national production, covering for the first time the “recommended” risk; the risk that research and development of new products will progress below expectations; and the risk of attracting talent and maintaining innovation capacity.
Figure 2: Microquarterly Profit Rates in UV Countries Figure 4: Microquarterly R&D Costs in UV Countries Figure 3: Microquarterly Cost Rates in UV Countries
Figure 5: Micro-operative cash flow inflows in purple light countries. Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.