Recommended (for the first time) to benefit from a significant increase in revenues from integrated circuit operations and a sustained increase in corporate performance.
Events of 21 April 2022: company reports on performance for 2021. In 2021, the company achieved $5,342 million in revenue, 63.35 per cent more than in the same year; net profit on repatriation was $1,954 million, or 142.28 per cent more than in the same year; net profit deductions were realized
During the reporting period, the market for integrated circuit operations became more demanding and the scale of operations increased rapidly, with major data on 20 April 2022.
According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, in 2021, China ' s integrated circuit industry sold 104,583 million yuan, an increase of 18.2%.
Sales amounted to 45,1.9 billion yuan, an increase of 19.6 per cent in the same year; manufacturing sales amounted to 31,763 million yuan, an increase of 16.9 per cent in the same year 2021 for China ' s imports of 63,548 million integrated circuits; imports amounted to $43,255 million, an increase of 23.6 per cent in the same year for exports of 31.07 billion integrated circuits, an increase of 19.6 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, companies pursued core chip technology on the basis of market demand, and made every effort to promote the implementation of R & D projects and strengthen the core.
Competing. Special integrated circuits, hundreds of serialized products, power management cores, growing abundance, new generation Sopc chip development, smart safety chip development, large capacity, application of se safety chip design, bulk delivery of cargo.
In addition, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development, strengthening the foundations for future development, research and development, and investment proposals: companies are one of the leading players in integrated circuit design in the country and are the first to build in the country.
Enterprises that look at smart security chips and high-security integrated circuits; companies that have the highest market share in China and the world; companies that have a significant risk of rising costs due to large price increases in the future of digital reform; and information reforms that do not advance as much as they are expected to lead to demand
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.