The intention is to strip Sun from the shareholders in the holding stock and optimize the quality of the production of listed companies and to demonstrate the commitment of the State to reform the company.
• Events: Small Commodity City issues a "Bletting of Transfers of Equity and Associated Transactions by fully-owned subsidiaries." It is proposed to transfer 100% of the holdings of Sun Holdings' “Grown Enterprise Management” to the holding shareholders, with a trade price of zero dollars.
Development Ltd. (the company owner holds 95% of the latter ' s shares). ▪ Meaning: releasing incremental profits, optimizing asset structures and optimizing cash flows.  Detaching lost assets to controlling shareholders will increase the profits of listed companies: according to company announcements, the boom
Entrepreneurship realized a net loss of $100 million in 2023 and a net loss of $3.646 million in 2024q1. When the scheme is removed, the future profits of listed companies will be improved in the form of a loss.
The transaction is not expected to generate one-off gains/losses, such as the proceeds from asset disposal.  Improved cash flow for listed companies: the balance of the debt of the executive and listed companies is 2,544 million yuan.
As a pre-condition, prior to the conclusion of the transaction, the controlling shareholder (the comptoir) would take forward the debt and pay off the money related to the listed company. This would supplement the liquidity of the listed company.
In recent years, companies have implemented state-owned reforms and improved governance. When the deal is completed, the assets of listed companies will be optimized, highlighting the commitment of small commodity cities to reform their state enterprises.
In the future, as a company pushes for reform, governance and qualitative optimization of state enterprises, and as new operations, such as 2 chinagoods and the cross-border renminbi, the 3-Uu market rises in rents & the 2024s of global digital trade are evaluated: q1 major industries have seen high profits, and the Q1 market is now growing.
There is much room for development in small commodity cities.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: once the small commodity city has been removed from the lost Sun Company, the listed company Small Commodity City (600415), will improve the quality of assets in 2023 and increase net profits by reducing the losses. Therefore, we will increase the net profits of the company.
Review: Advances in net profit returns from small commodity cities, three major financial forecasts for small commodity cities. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.