The 2023 report and the 2024 I quarterly reviews: q1 major industry profits, billions of yuan, +142 per cent; net profit deductions, $2.47 billion, + 40 per cent, both in line with industry returns on investment (mainly from real estate companies) and asset disposal gains.
With a net return of $650 million from the company ' s main business, net return on investment less investment earnings is estimated at 2024.1, with a system of equal evaluation that combines the construction of differentiated pricing models for rents with indicators such as the country ' s gdp acceleration rate, market-based rent price fluctuations, market climate index, etc. The growth rate is expected to be no less than 5 per cent in the next three years.
Gross profits; rents increase because of a price gap between the rents charged by the company and the price of market-based rents. In the future, the profits of the company’s owners are expected to increase as the rent rises.
+41% of the same year. There was a rise in exports of 75.9 billion yuan, or +56.6% of the same year, and export and import trade in the U.S. and U.K. showed a high profile, with an average traffic of 210,000 passengers per day and an average of 3,523 foreigners per day, or +160% of the same.
New business is growing rapidly and data resources are on the table. 2024q1 company Chinagoods Pier comments: net profit forecast increases from parent to mother. Gmv added at 2024q1 is $11 billion, i.e. +37.5%; yiwupay completes the border.
At the end of the first quarter, the amount of intangible asset-data resources that companies can identify was over $8 million. Small Commodity City (600415).
And it's also possible to contribute to the increase in profits.
The share of profits distributed in cash is increasing; long-term incentives and restraint mechanisms for companies are being built and refined, including through equity incentives, to achieve greater corporate, employee and shareholder profitability.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.