The core industry performed well during the quarter, and the emerging business continued to contribute to the increase in retail trade/general retail profits by 95.95 per cent over the year, with the main beneficiary markets operating and trading services growing by the same amount.
In addition, in 2023, the company intends to find a gold dividend of $1.097 billion (including taxes), representing 81.16% of the growth in business in the current year, market roll-over revenue from the new energy market in the beneficiary region East, and a low base under rent relief from the epidemic during the same period last year. In the future, the company will also make rent adjustments based on indicators such as weather.
The Māori rate increased further and the cost rate was optimized during the period. The company ' s combined Māori rate in 2023 was equal to +11.18 pct
The share of low Maori businesses, such as gold dynamics and choice fees, rose further in the first quarter of 2024, with sales/management rates falling by 2.62 pct/1.4 pct in the first quarter of 2024, achieving cost optimization. Net operating cash flows of $180 million were better.
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - Foreign exchange operations of payment agencies approved, further investment proposals: Future market owners of companies to remain robust with well-developed and market openings Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - 43% increase in profits in the first three quarters, digital trade, etc.
Growth, digital trade, and cross-border payments have injected into long-term growth potential. Considering the rise in value-added services revenues and rent increases resulting from the establishment of an integrated external services system for companies, we have moved up the firm to take into account the increase in rental space and rent increases that companies are expected to generate as a result of the expected completion of their global digital trading centres.
Overall, in 2023, the company collected $11.3 billion, an increase of 48.3 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 2.676 billion in the same year, an increase of 95.95 per cent in the same year, and an increase in profits from operating and trading services in the main beneficiary markets.
Figure 2: Single-season operating income and growth in small commodity cities (in billions of yuan, per cent) shows a growth of 81.16 per cent in market operations in 2023, a carry-over of revenues from the new energy market in the beneficiary region East, and a low base of rent relief under the epidemic during the same period last year.
With rent adjustments, growth is expected to be no less than 5% over the next three years, achieving robust growth performance. The services of the Chinagoodsai Ideas platform are becoming increasingly rich and intelligent in the emerging business sector, with an additional gmv of 11 billion yuan in one quarter, an increase of 37.5% over the same period, with yiwupay completing cross-border transactions in the first quarter of the year amounting to more than 6.2 billion yuan.
In addition, the company announced the launch of the Outward Fund, with a proposed contribution of $250 million, or about 25%. The base fund will be directed to enterprises with advantages and potential to cross the chain of the U-boats in the form of a “platform plus capital”
Trade in the Uu Sea creates a better service ecology, further enhances the core competition for cross-border logistics compliance in the Uu market, enhances the voice of the Uu in global supply chain changes, builds the Uu's cross-border compliance service biosphere, and enhances the corporate influence in the global consumer goods supply chain.
The company ' s combined Māori rate in 2023 was between +11.18 pct and 26.5 per cent, with a significant Māori rate for market operations further increasing in the first quarter of 2024 and a 2.62 pct/1.4 pct decrease in the first quarter of 2024, respectively, to optimize costs.
Investment proposal: Future market owners of companies will maintain robust growth in well-equipped services and market openings, with digital trade and cross-border payments injecting long-term growth potential. Consider an integrated foreign trade services system for companies.
The construction led to an increase in income from value-added services and an increase in rents, and we increased corporate net return profits for the period 2024-2025. The author assured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author had not studied it in the past, now or in the future.