On April 28, the company released its first quarter report for the year 2020, and q1 will be operational in 2020.
Since 2020, both the supply and demand sides of the industry have been affected by the new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
The company ' s operating income has declined over the same period, but the net profit excluding the parent has increased by 5.03% over the same year, and the operating cash flow has increased by 31.12% over the same period, mainly because of the company ' s continued fine-tuning and optimization of its business structure, which drives profits faster than income growth. We believe that the epidemic will gradually level off and supply its end.
Over time, recovery has resumed, but external uncertainties remain, with industry and companies still facing some challenges in the short term. However, the long-term demand trend in video networks is constant, and companies, as industry giants, have a leading role in technological innovation and solutions and still have much room for development in the long run.
Focus on core industries, transferring Soc chips and combination chip companies, issuing an announcement to transfer 100% of the fully-owned company HSM shares to Hangzhou, Ningbo, Ningbo, Tsang, Tsi, Tsi, and Hsi, which is estimated at $1.2 billion. HMS is mainly engaged in soc cores.
After the transaction, the Huatu micro-chip will continue to provide strategic support to the company's main business, giving priority to the company's procurement of the Huatu micro-chip or its wholly-owned subsidiaries under the same conditions and subject to product specifications and performance requirements. We believe that this equity transfer will help the company focus on nuclear issues.
The annual report is in line with a major concern to optimize the business structure of the company and to improve the efficiency of the allocation of available resources. At the same time, the cash assets transferred will be used as an important complement to liquidity, increasing the cash flow levels of the company.
The performance is consistent with the publication of the Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2020 (draft) and the announcement issued by the Corporation in conjunction with its employees that it applies to some of its senior managers and other managers (10 in total)
Equity incentives, amounting to 1,339.15 million shares, representing approximately 0.445.9% of total equity, were awarded to not less than 19% of the army. We believe that this stock incentive is conducive to the mobilization of the managers involved.
The extreme, which effectively inspires the core forces of corporate development, is important for team stability.
Industry demand continues to grow. Companies insist on fine management, Māori rates are expected to keep up with the new crown pneumonia epidemic, leading to less than expected macroeconomic developments, policies such as snowwork, less than expected growth of overseas markets, less than expected innovation and increased risks from competition.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.