The annual report meets expectations, increases profitability significantly, increases net profit returns more than operating income and increases profitability significantly throughout the year.
During the fourth quarter, the company achieved operating income of $9,721 million, an increase of 12.58 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to the mother market market (million yuan): 1.311 billion yuan, an increase of 35.73 per cent over the same period.
We believe that the company, as a security giant, insists on technological innovation, continues to upgrade its video-centred intelligentness solutions, actively captures market and industry trends, and promotes robust growth in corporate income. At the same time, the company further strengthens its fine management, and continues to do so.
Optimizing the business structure and promoting net profit gains from maternity significantly faster than income. Social security systems drive demand release, smart video networks expand markets.) Government ends: this year is the last year of the 13th Five-Year Plan, superimposed on traffic powers, emergency management, etc.
In early 2019, the Secretary-General stressed at the working session of the Central Administration Act the need to accelerate the development of the social security system, with the hope of continuing the construction of the Skynet, the snowwork process, and expanding to a larger number of builders, safe from need.
So, the needs of business clients have gradually gone beyond the traditional security boundaries to the various fields in which the business operates.
(iii) Channel ends: channel markets are becoming flattening and decentralizing, companies are continuing to sink through channels, controlling repayments, distribution and smb operations in parallel.
On 21 January, the company responded to the national policy by setting up a vaccination team.
The company uses a high-precision thermal imaging camera plus bold, without close contact.
In addition to this, the company also uses thermometer system to control the spread of the disease at sites such as the East station in Hangzhou, Shanghai Railway Station, Shanghai Municipality, and the University of Gangan.
During the period of the epidemic, techniques such as ai, big data, 4k high-quality video, thermal imaging, etc., were integrated to create a high-efficiency video-conferencing system for emergency command, telemedicine and other scenarios, which effectively contributed to the advance of the response to the epidemic.
With the continuation of policies such as snow engineering, social security control systems, and al+ video networks, demand continues to grow. Companies continue to push for fine management, and the Māori rate remains high. For the next three years, the net profit capr is set at 19.51%, giving the company a 23-fold target for 2020.
Macroeconomic development has fallen short of expectations, policies such as snowwork have fallen short of expectations, government procurement has fallen short of expectations, overseas market operations have fallen short of expectations, and competition has increased risks. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, has produced this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.