Māori continues to improve, and Infrared Business helps cross-cyclically: on April 28, 2020, Dahua shares published a quarterly report for the year 2020, and the company collected $3.502 billion, a 19.47 per cent decline in the same year; and a net return to the mother China shares (002236.sz)
In addition, the company disclosed a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2020 and announced the appointment of Ms. Xu Xiaofen as the new Director of Finance. The performance of the company was slightly lower than expected, and Māori improved its performance to support growth. q1, in 2020, the company achieved a revenue of RMB 3,502 million, affected by the epidemic, hit the domestic market with government and channel orders a quarter and delayed project implementation, resulting in a 19.47% drop in the company’s revenue collection. q1, under the new accounting standards, in 2020,
Despite poor collection performance, the company’s q1 Māori ratio, driven by the use of infrared products and the upgrading of intelligence, is 49.23%, an increase of 11.78% compared to 8.11 percentage points compared to the previous year. There has been a significant improvement over previous years.
After a non-recurrent gain or loss, the company's net profit to its parent was $300 million, an increase of 5.03 per cent over the same period.
The City Hearts strategy further develops the concept of smartness, full roll-out of a video-centred network system architecture for innovative applications in the industry, building a platform for the Union of Smart (Platform-as-a-service) to strengthen cloud synthesity, accelerate the upgrading of the platform-type, eco-type architecture, and provide client-oriented solutions that close the horizon and data values. There are a number of landmark projects in the areas of Tog, Tob, Tosmb, and Toc.
For example, in the case of the “Digital Mount” project, the company combines the intelligent urban architecture of the “1+2+n” in Dahua Hoc with the local reality of the Nakayama project, and promotes a digital transformation of government led by the “Captain Brain” and centred around it.
Alternative video data, access to more than 1300 provincial data-sharing service interfaces, provide a large data capability base for the digital transformation of the city’s capital. At the same time, the company’s name, Wang Saitama, served as the board member of the National Smart City Standards General Group, participating in the development of seven important standards for intelligent cities in 2019, and undertaking research on a number of topics that will be considered public.
At the same time, we believe that corporate solutions cannot be achieved without a breakthrough in smart hardware and software. In 2019, the company launched three series of industrial software products and services: tog, tob, and tosmb/toc.
In 2020, q1, the outbreak of the domestic epidemic damaged government and channel orders, and the company acted as a provincial emergency.
Shinda Securities Inc., Focused Company, overtime quick response during Spring Festival, to overcome technical difficulties, culminating in the launch of high-precision thermal imaging products for science, technology and innovation
Building No. 1 of the 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which is designed to prevent and control the outbreak. Its super-high-precision human thermal imaging system, within the range of 30°C ~ 45°C, has kept the measurement error within the range of 0.3°C; and, in relatively stable indoor environments, such as railway stations, airports, subway stations, hospitals, enterprise parks, schools, etc., it is possible to reach the calculator.
The company’s products are currently being successfully applied at Beijing West Station, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport, Qingdao Railway Station, Hubei Henchuan Hospital, Guangdong Province People’s Hospital, China Bank General Bank, and China Agricultural Bank General Bank, among others.
The company’s sales of infrared products during the first quarter of the year are mainly domestic, with an estimated sales value of between 500 million and 1 billion. Since March, the domestic epidemic has been largely under control, and domestic demand for thermal infrared equipment has declined, but there has been a large-scale outbreak abroad, which has contributed directly to the overseas market’s demand for thermal infrared insulation.
On April 28, the company issued a restrictive stock incentive scheme, which is intended to award 13,391.5 million shares, or 0.45% of the total equity of the company, at a price of $7.60/share. The equity incentive was awarded to a total of 10 senior managers.
Two locks were broken after 12 months, with a 36-month period and a 1:1 ratio for two locks. The first locking condition was no less than 34.1% of the year before the release point compared to the year before the award, or 19.38% of the net return profit rate prior to the year before the release point compared to the year before the award. The second locking condition was no less than 19.38% of the month prior to the release point compared to the year before the award.
In this incentive scheme, the executive president of the company will award 2.3615 million shares, or 0.08 per cent of the company ' s current stock; the vice president of the company, Jiang Xiaolai, will award 1.56 million shares, or 0.05 per cent of the company ' s current equity, both of which will be boosted up to the current stock holdings, while other management will do the same.
Investment proposals: In recent years, China’s shares have continued to drive internal management changes, with significant improvements in Maori, net profit, cash flows, and human effectiveness. Meanwhile, the strategy of deepening the “Hoc Heart of the Greater China City” has been accelerated, giving rise to a more intelligent idea, with landmark projects such as the “Digital Mount” driving industrial intelligence up.
In 2020, despite the short-term impact of the epidemic on government enterprise projects, companies seized market opportunities and introduced products such as high-precision thermal imagery, leaving a buffer period for company growth. As a research and development platform leader, firms’ deep accumulation of markets, R & D, supply chains, etc., will help them to further improve their industrial competitiveness in the fast-changing market, and we are firmly committed to long-term corporate growth.
Risk factors: The macroeconomic climate is down, the epidemic impacts projects are under way, competition is increasing, and overseas and new operations are not expanding as expected.
Figure 3: Māori and net interest rate of the GW shares, Figure 4: R&D costs of the GW shares (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Three major costs of the GW shares and R&D cost ratio
Figure 6: Operating income and operating cash flows from China shares (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Net profit and operating net cash flows from China shares (billions) Figure 8: Stock holdings from China (billions)
Figure 9: China’s share receivables (millions of dollars) The University of Electronics and Technology in Xian, which has a five-year experience in the semiconductor industry, has worked overseas with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that incubated in 19 new wealth electronics; crystal ball 2/3 in 18/19 in the electronics sector; and the Golden Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19 in the electronics sector.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.