In parallel with the technology and costs, the global lithium tap is being launched on March 03rd, 2018 — six years after its establishment — to become a global-powered lithium tap, and catl interprets the Chinese lithium velocity to the world.
Founded in 1999 atl, it became a global consumer lithium pole in 2012, accounting for 60% of apples and about 40% of the world. Founded in 2011 atatl, the founder of a group, with core executives from atl and well-known foreign companies around the world, focused on the direction of the powered lithium battery, starting with BMW.
In the first half of the year, sales are expected to exceed 40% of the GDP, as well as the start-up of the car market.
Catl explains to the world the alarming pace of the growth of Chinese lithium electricity. It has been able to build a world-class power cell in 2013 by up-and-up control of resources, a central supply chain, downstream binding of offshore and offshore front-loading companies, and internal strengthening of research and development and product control.
Lithium resources are involved, cobalt and caramel can work together, middle- and middle-stream material diaphragms, positives, negatives, electrolytes all set up a bid procurement system and foster a concentration of low-cost bulk supply for specific suppliers: downstream customers are tied to the North and the Yutong, and then quickly develop turbo, upper and wide.
By means of a joint venture model, the first to be developed with BMW, the first overseas to enter into a global supply chain of well-known car companies such as BMW, Daemler, Japanese, etc.; in-house R & D input, lithium electrode, deep, over 3,000 R & D, leading the new direction of the three-dollar battery in the country, with a huge offshore battery.
The world-class power cell industry is being built with a fundamental synchronization of head, with three stars and looses.  The global wave of electrodynamics is starting, with lithium power 10 times the next eight years, and the world’s top four lithium giants are expected to dominate. China began to test double points in 2019, and mid- and high-end vehicle models in 18 years.
With intensive roll-out, we projected 207 and 8 million electric vehicles in 2020 and 2025, 95 and 430 gwh for power batteries, 2019 for overseas car giants, 15-25% for 2025, and 2020 and 2025 for electricity globally.
At present, catl, lig, tristar, and pine will be the first, with the prospect of a major share. catl will be tied together with domestic passenger vehicles, with offshore firms bidding largely for primary supplies and large growth space.
By the end of 2017, with a capacity of 17 gwh., the demand for catl3 batteries is currently expected to rise at 28gwh. The demand for catl batteries has surged, and a new round of expansion has been launched, with more than 70 gwh currently planned for various projects such as the construction of Xiaoyang, Ninder Lake West, and the generation of gas.
The joint venture model of gas, etc., fully locks into the passenger car market, the foreign giants' electric platform bids are excellent, and the public, BMW, Daimler, among others, are the main suppliers, and we expect to exceed the volume of deliveries in 20/32/50gwh in 2018-2020 by 20.25.
Given that the company is a global powered lithium electric tap, a high-quality customer circle, technological strength, and cost-control sub-coverage, it is rated as “buy-in.” Over the years, global industry has been configured, with a new champion sword on the global market.
1.1. Corporate development process and equity structure Successful entry into the mainstream domestic and external vehicle supply chain with technological and cost advantages, rapidly growing into a global power cell industry. Ninder was established in 2011 with headquarters in Ninder, with R & D concentrated in Ningde, where the production base is mainly located.
Ninder, further expands to Jiang Su-yang, and has also established branches in Qinghai, Beijing, Shanghai, Germany, France, the United States, Japan, etc., to expand operations around the globe. Through joint ventures and strategic agreements, the client base has been rapidly expanded, successfully tied to high-quality customers such as Qinghai, Beijing, Shanghai, and others, and entered BMW, Dai.
The Müller, the general public, the Japanese, etc. supply chain has grown rapidly into the power cell industry in just a few years. At the same time, a number of initiatives have been undertaken to complete the multi-positioning of the upstream industry, including acquisition and locking in raw material manufacturers.
Figure 1: The company has a relatively concentrated equity structure, with the top 10 shareholders holding 66.41% of the total. The company’s controlling shareholders invest in Swiss courts and directly hold 29.23% of the company’s shares.
The Eastern Swiss court invested 100% of the equity and indirectly held 29.23% of the company ' s shares; Lee Ping directly held 5.73% of the company ' s shares, two acting in concert, and together held 34.95% of the company ' s pre-issue stock. The top 10 shareholders held a total of 100 million shares.
Development of power and storage batteries in Ninder. Figure 2: Catl equity structure of management deep-ploughing the lithium power industry, upstream and downstream strategic layout ahead
The company’s management has extensive experience in the area of lithium batteries, in the areas of lithium electricity development, production, marketing, and strategic decision-making. Catl has a high-quality management team, led by the Quantities and Yellow Shizuku, which has successfully developed atl as a global leader of consumer batteries, with digital batteries accounting for about 40% of the world’s share of apples and about 60% of apples.
The founders, who had been directors of the Ninder era, the president and ceo of New Energy Technologies, the chairman of the Ninder New Energy, the director of the Praid, the vice president of the tdk-style company, etc., have accumulated vast amounts of lithium electricity over the years. At the same time, many of the team’s management came from top-level consulting firms, and placed it in an excellent position for strategic corporate development.
The company ' s personnel are well structured, with a strong focus on scientific inputs, with a research and development team of more than 3,400 people, with research and development costs of 1.6 billion and 720 million for 17 years and 720 million for the first half of 18 years, respectively, leading the entire industry, so that the company ' s power cell capacity, mass density, safety, multiplier, etc., and all its performances are ahead of schedule and basically become the country ' s leading supplier of mainstream cars.
In the first half of 18 years, the city’s share reached about 40%, and there is a gradual increase. The company’s industrial chain is multi-pointd, down-and-down, closing the industrial chain, and recycling ladders are used.
The power cell system has a complete production line layout from the core to the battery bag production and sale, while at the same time there is a strong effort to develop the power cell dismantling and recycling and to close the industrial chain by acquiring a second recovery of the raw materials of the Guangdong Puble Station.
The strategic layout of management is extremely forward-looking: pre-targeting of upstream core resources and downstream depth binding of high-quality clients. Upstream resources, tri-dollar batteries rapidly grow into the mainstream, while cobalt as a strategic resource price soars, while corporate management acquired Bump as early as 2013, recovered material from the layout, and went beyond the positive material manufacturer to directly sign cobalt with Carina.
In the case of medium- and medium-sized materials, the company lowers the cost by developing suppliers; in the case of downstream, the company took the bus from the bus market’s largest customer, and then bound the mainstream car fleets of North Gas, Upper Gas, Gilley, etc., at the depth of the joint venture, strategic cooperation etc.
It is difficult to shake. With technological and cost advantages, overseas vehicle orders, such as the BMW, the general public, and the East Wind Daily Production, have been obtained, bringing the total number of employees to 14.7 million a year, increasing by 7.7 times over three years, and increasing at a much greater scale and speed than the number of companies of the same type. The share of the public sector is well distributed, with a heavy R & D and production chain, with R & D technicians accounting for 23.3% in 17 years.
The company has 3,425 R & D technicians, of whom 119 have a doctorate, 850 have a master ' s degree, and includes two national 1,000 project specialists and six Fukugi 100 project and innovators. The overall R & D team is in the forefront of the industry.
1.3. Business growth is high, rising to the world’s peak, and the scale of business is maintaining high growth. On the profit side, the level of corporate profitability has steadily increased, but has been affected by market price reductions, resulting in a fall in net interest rates. The company’s net profit return in 2017 was 3,878 million, an increase of 35.98 per cent over the previous year.
Leyder earns 1,034 million in investment earnings. 17 years of non-repatriated net profit of $2,376 million, a decline of 14.74 per cent over the same year. The first half of 18 years of net profit of $697 million, an increase of 36.55 per cent over the same year. At the profit level, sales in the first half of 2018 exceeded the release of the world’s power cell, making it the largest company in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2018, the company installed 42.6% of the electricity, far ahead of other domestic firms. Of these, two major battery types, Trinity and Lithium Phosphate, reached 41.2% and 47.7% respectively, respectively, and we expect to sell catl power batteries for the entire year 2018 to reach around 19gwh.
Power cell prices go down, but companies have cost advantages and Māori rates remain stable at higher levels. In recent years, as the power cell industry’s capacity is released, supply-deprived market patterns have changed, market competition has increased, and as a result of the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, overall sales prices in the industry have declined.
Prices for pool products have been declining year by year, with average sales falling to $1.14/wh in the second quarter of 2018, according to our calculations. On the Māori rate, the Māori rate, combined with higher upstream material costs, increased scientific inputs and overall market price reductions, has declined year by year and remains stable at about 30% of the higher water levels.
Lithium power systems are already in size, with 15% of the city; storage energy systems are still in the early stages of deployment and are expected to be another point of growth. Through the company’s Lithium ion cell material operation in Guangdong Bamp, the company will use nickel cobalt from used lithium ion batteries.
Recovery, for example, of manganese lithium, for the production of lithium ion battery materials, and so on. Lithium electric material has risen rapidly in the last three years, and the business is now growing in size. In 2017, the lithium material plate collected 2,471 million yuan, an increase of 304 per cent, which is a further increase in size. In 2017, the company sold 15,000 tons of pre-hydrate material, and we measured a market share of about 15 per cent.
With regard to storage systems, they are still in the process of being imported into the market for reasons such as cost, technology, policy, etc., and are lagging behind in the growth of power cells. The storage systems are now of initial size, but are not yet profitable. The storage systems collected $51 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 1024.50% compared to the previous period, and the market layout and extension of the storage capacity began to yield results.
With the increase in the cumulative use and the gradual maturity of future technologies and the decline in costs, the storage energy market is also expected to be another growth point in the consumption of lithium batteries.
Figure 15: Three major business years of revenue (millions of dollars) Continued demand for power cells, both domestic and foreign, with technology requiring upgrading of the front line, sustained expansion of the domestic and foreign electric vehicle market, and high demand for power batteries
Countries have issued fuel-car ban plans, and electric cars have become globalized. Countries have announced a complete ban on fuel-fired trucks: Europe first responded, China first followed, and Japan and the United States have yet to decide. Europe first responded to the ban, and Norway, the Netherlands, France, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc. have announced that they will phase out fuel-fired vehicles in order to make them even clearer.
India and China, as large countries of the population, are also planning a ban on the sale of fuel trucks, and China, starting with Hainan, is gradually trying to introduce a ban on the sale of fuel trucks in 2030. The US, Japan, and the two large countries of cars have not made a clear plan.
Most countries’ anti-sale programs are only at the proposal stage and do not have any real legal effect, but there is no denying that a global trend toward electricization and carbon-free travel has emerged. Domestic market subsidies + a double-centre system, leading car firms to speed up their electricization, and the year of upgrading, according to which the year begins.
We measure that electric vehicles are about $50-60 billion per year, that they can be controlled as a whole, and that subsidies are expected to fall back in 2019 and 2020 and exit after 2020. At the same time as the subsidy policy is phased out, the relay drives the new power of 1.8 million electric vehicles to meet the points requirement.
The new version of the subsidy policy, published in 2018, raises the subsidy threshold for all types of electric vehicles, reduces the subsidy for low mileage vehicles, tilts towards high-end models, stimulates a new upgrading of the market, and imposes higher demands on battery energy intensity. We believe that the year of upgrades by car will come, and that, according to the model scheme of the major companies, the level of a0 cars will be the same.
It will be one of the main pushers this year, while a class will be further upgraded and new models will be intensively rolled out, while the share of low end a00 will gradually decline. Thus, the power cell performance will require an increase in industry concentration, benefiting the leader.
The national target is to sell 5 million electric vehicles by 2020, with more than 2 million in that year. In 2019, fuel consumption began to be evaluated on the same basis as the new energy component, forcing the production of new energy vehicles from supply side to supply side, combined with increased foreign brand inputs, which will provide security for rising consumption and will lead to a sustained expansion of the domestic electric vehicle market over the next three years.
In the second half of 2016, there was a sharp shift in the number of overseas car giants, which had been sold from 10 to 20% before, and the public had set a target of 25%. Global electricization was officially launched.
Meanwhile, most of the overseas traditional car companies have started to make arrangements through joint ventures, including the popular + Jianghuai, Ford + Damate, North Gas + Demler, East Wind + Renault, Wall + BMW, making the Chinese market an important market. As a result, demand for domestic power cells will be greatly boosted, and catl has entered these companies.
Supply chains, which will benefit from these vehicle purchases over the next two years. Global sales of new energy vehicles in 2017 were 1.44 million, an increase of 55 per cent, of which 629.7 million were sold overseas, an increase of 51.78 per cent. We expect a strong global electric vehicle demand and sustained high growth in 2018, with global demand expected to exceed 170gwh in 2020, with an annual compound acceleration.
More than 40%. Domestic power cell production in 2017 was around 44.5% more than the same year; installed electricity is 37gwh. We expect more than 1.05 million new energy cars to be sold in 2018, and power cell demand is 50gwh. Production is expected to be 55gwh, with demand overall increasing by about 30%.
Domestic power cell demand will reach about 95gwhh in 2020, with the bulk of the increase coming from passenger vehicles. Overseas, power cell demand was around 19gwhh in 2017, while Teslamodel3 was released in the second half of 2018, and new models of large mainstream cars were intensively rolled out, with the year 2019, the year of electricization of major vehicles, projected to be the year 2020.
We expect the mass meb platform to be released in 2021, with more than 10 million overseas electric vehicles expected to be sold, and about 500 gwh for power cells. Thus, the power cell industry will continue to benefit from the demand explosion over the next few years from both domestic and international markets.
2.2. The three-dollar trend in high nickel, where the advantage of leading companies highlights the policy tilt and the increase in cobalt prices, will lead to a trend in high nickel triple batteries. On the one hand, the electric car subsidy policy has been tilted over the high-performance car market, strongly supporting the development of triple batteries and leading to high nickelization.
The ratio rose rapidly, with the T$3 battery loads growing by 175% in 17 years, reaching 45% in the same year, and has become the main vehicle battery. The T$3 ratio rose further to 58% in the first half of 18 years, and we expect the R$3 market demand to grow by 50% in 2018 year-on-year, to 25gwh, or 55-60%.
Medium cobalt prices are expected to remain historically high in the long term, so increasing the nickel share of batteries is equally effective in controlling the cost of batteries. In 2017, the tri-dollar power cell was dominated by ncm532, with a single energy density of around 180wh/kg, with a grouping of about 120wh/kg, which is far from the policy target single energy density of 300wh/kg.
In a trend, we expect 811 power cells to start at the end of 2019. In the industry, 811 is currently being used first in cylindrical batteries, mainly because cylindrical cells can effectively mitigate the problem of swelling, but they have a congenital disadvantage on cylindrical 811 in terms of cycling life, multipliers, etc. We believe that squares and soft bags will remain the dominant shape of 811 power batteries.
The company’s current route is square aluminium shells, the technology level of 3 yuan 523 is comparable to that of Japanese and Korean companies, and 622 products are expected to be produced in the second half of the 18th century. Meanwhile, the company’s 811 soft packages have accumulated deep technology, and its production plans have steadily advanced, keeping them in the lead in the middle of the new technology cycle.
Automobile upgrades drive the upgrading of battery companies, and technology leaders will take the lead in taking over the market. The orientation of subsidy policies will lead to a change in the distribution structure, with the domestic market for medium- and high-end vehicles starting gradually. With respect to passenger cars, the new version of the policy increases subsidies for high mileage vehicles, and the roll-out of ao and more after the transition period.
In terms of sales, the ao level and above is 60% of the size of the vehicle, and the structural upgrading of the model is evident. On the commercial side, after the fall of the subsidy, the market leaves real demand, the market moves from policy to consumption, and consumers tend to focus more on the self-performance of the model. Therefore, the upgrading of the demand side will drive the matching of lithium batteries and materials, and the battery industry.
Integrated conflicts, such as energy density and security, need to be continuously addressed to meet the higher demands of downstream markets. In the Ning Dynasty era, where research and development investments are large, production mature, and products perform well ahead of schedule, the city’s share of the product will continue to rise and strengthen its leader.
In order to achieve the “oil-electric balance”, the lower price requirement for power cells has already declined from $1.5-1.6/wh in 2017.
To $1.2-1.3/wh (including taxes), in a range of more than 20%, the current cost of power cell pack is about 0.8-0.9/wh (without taxes) and the average Māori rate in the industry is around 20%. We expect the price of power cells to fall to more than $1/wh in 2020, and therefore the cost control requirements are very high. The current cost reduction of power batteries is mainly through the following means: 1.
Reduced prices of raw materials: 2. Energy density increase (cell capacity increase, materials increase capacity, etc.): 3. Catl. Catl. Upgrade batteries: speed up outreach to domestic and foreign customers, expanding scientific research, cost core advantages 3.1. High-quality customers are already shielded, high- and middle-end clients are swords, and march into future markets
In order to guarantee the stability of the supply, car companies usually hold nearly 70% of the battery orders permanently in the hands of a single battery company. At the same time, about 30% of the remaining manufacturers compete in a benign market, with the market as a whole showing a “thirty-seven” phenomenon.
Following the development model set up as early as 2009, with the North Gas co-financed, a deep-seated North Gas operation. Then, in 2013, a cooperation agreement was signed with Woo-tung to successfully seize the market for electric buses.
Companies grow steadily each year, benefiting from the company’s market recognition and the accumulation of brand benefits. There are 119 new customers in 17 years, a significant increase compared to 58 in 16 years, attracting more cooperating clients and continuing to do so over the previous two years.
The steady growth of companies’ high-quality customers has benefited from a strategic layout that accurately captures the market’s direction, as well as the recognition of their own market products and the accumulation of brand benefits. The 17-year share of new customers contributed 9%, mainly the Jiangxi Chang River car, Xiangmen’s gold dragon, Nanking’s gold dragon, etc.
In terms of passenger cars, the company is the leading supplier of the country’s fleet of cars, and it basically occupies the future medium-to-high-end car market. The company’s fleet of cars is excellent and wide-ranging, preceded by North, Up, Gill, and then by Wide, Chir, Chang An. In the first half of 2018, the country’s car market, which is dominated by catl, was supplied by North, Up, Broad, and Air.
Chirry, Gilly, Chang An, East Wind, one-wind, covering almost the top 10 sales, while Catl infiltrated its clients at a very fast rate. Catl entered Chir and Guang Air Supply from 2017, after a short six months, and in the first half of 18 years, 88% of all car models and 87% of all vehicles were installed in Chirre.
With respect to passenger vehicles, the company has a significant penetration of the top five bus companies, with 63% of the top five bus companies. The growth of the Catl bus market began in late 13 in collaboration with Woo-tung’s strategy and became a bus power cell leader. In 17 years, the catl battery reached 287gwhh in Woo-tung’s model, with sales amounting to $3.71 billion, or 3.71 billion.
In the first half of the year, the share of batteries in Woo-tung, Xiamen Golden Brigade, and Middle-Truck buses reached 91%, 97%, and 83% respectively. The future market for phosphate lithium batteries is concentrated mainly on passenger vehicles and some low-end passenger vehicles, and the company’s stable layout in the area of passenger vehicles is an effective shield for maintaining the ratio of phosphate lithium markets.
Figure 21: The top five bus companies (gwh) sold in the first half of 2018, on the other hand, companies expanded their client coverage to reduce the risks associated with client concentration, while core client groups shifted and dispersed to passenger vehicles, showing positive developments. In 2015, 2016 and 2017, companies were in the top five.
In 2016, the company ' s sales to the top five clients were relatively high in terms of operating income, mainly due to the fact that the company ' s client owners were leading companies in the new energy automobile industry, which at that time had a high concentration of downstream industries, resulting in a relative concentration of company customers. As the new energy automobile industry grew rapidly, the company ' s operations expanded, and customer coverage expanded, the client base grew.
A moderate downward trend has been conducive to avoiding the impact of customer operations, which have led to the company's output. At the same time, market developments have been dominated by passenger cars, and the company's client circle has been gradually spreading from the early passenger cars to the major car manufacturers. In terms of the market loading, the company's overall client base was more dispersed in 2018, with resources dispersed to the major car companies, mainly in the form of:
The company will provide power cells to a large number of overseas joint ventures, have entered into cooperative agreements with most of the overseas mainstream cars, and have consolidated global flagship status. The company’s collaboration with domestic battery companies began in 2011 with BMW vs. catl.
In early 2017, Catl joined the Finnish Vémed vehicle to the European market, and marked the month of the series of snow and iron dragons in France, where catl successfully became the only supplier of the current mass group in China, with a larger order.
In June 18, a 1 billion euro battery order was signed with BMW (a combination of purchases of 4 billion euros over the next few years). Multiple successful hands-outs with mainstream overseas car companies showed the company's level of technology and international recognition into the world's leading markets, together with the global monopoly of domestic upstream markets.
With a high concentration of industry, catl will maintain a good competitive advantage in the global market. Global electricization trends are clear, and will mark the year 2019, the year of overseas electricization, and the year of domestic and foreign joint ventures. Catl will benefit from overseas vehicle purchases and joint ventures to strengthen global leadership.
3.2. Research teams are high-quality and stable, technologically high-quality, industry-wide research and development teams start from a high point of departure, corporate research inputs are high, core technical teams are stable to ensure technological continuity. Catl’s founders and their teams were once atl’s core team, and atl’s success at the global level is evidence of the mission’s success.
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in R & D investment, accounting for 1.6 billion yuan in 2017, or a 5% increase in revenue. For research teams, with the establishment of branches in Germany, France, the United States and Japan, the company’s scientific team has a wide range of talent around the world. There are currently 3,425 research and development technicians in companies, representing a 5% increase in the total number of employees.
23.28% of the remaining competitors, the total number of technicians is less than one third of the catl, while the proportion of company technicians leads the industry. A well-developed R & D system, a strong R & D team, has contributed to the continuous upgrading of the company ' s R & D technology for nearly two years.
Catl's deep-seated industrial chain links, companies with a comprehensive understanding of electrochemistry, not only focused on the upgrading of batteries, manufacturing processes, but also on the deployment of scientific power in the upstream core of materials. The core of power batteries, research and development, whether positive or negative, or electrolytic, etc., took control of the front end of the R & D process, not just of the research and development process.
Nearly half of the researchers with doctorates in the lithium electricity industry in the country are employed in catl. From the transfer of technology to the stability of the talent ladder, to the advanced development of the equipment process to the current investment in the development of the front-end materials.
These advantages together create the full-scale leadership of Catl in the power cell industry. The overall performance of the power cell is at the top of the market, and the lead will expand further.
At the end of this year or early next year, it is expected that when the battery product is assembled, the energy density will increase to 160-170wh/kg, and the relevant test line will be operational. The company ' s high-energy batteries are market accepted as major suppliers of high-mileage vehicles.
There are 125 vehicle-type battery systems with an energy density of more than 140wh/kg, 36 of them powered by catl, or more than 28%, and far ahead of the remaining competitors in the high mileage. At the same time, four factors, namely life cycle, safety, cost, and charge multiplier, are missing for the power cell market.
The market-based fast-filled technology originates in atl, whose team has a good sense of safety and life cycle in a high-charge multiplier environment, and the company has developed a thermal management system to deal with heat overheating at high temperatures. The company has a deep understanding of core development and manufacturing, and of four major materials technology development, and the company's power cells are in energy density, safety, etc.
Since its inception, the company has taken on a number of major power cell technology issues in four ministries, including the Ministry of Technology and Trade, and the Ministry of Technology.
The average annual cost falls by 20 to 0.91 yuan/wh (excluding taxes), with an average cost of 0.89 yuan/wh (excluding taxes) for the second half of the year, which is 7% lower than in the first half of the year. According to our calculations, the cost ratio of the company declined by about 10% in the first half of 2018, due to the upgrading of the process and the lower cost of materials, on the one hand, and the company ' s pure core (pack chain to car money) on the other.
The supply ratio has declined, while the price of core production is lower for the pack chain. We expect company costs to be around 0.8/wh (excluding taxes) for the entire year 2018. Lithium plates, the main product of which is a pre-triple drive, were sold at an average price of 95.4 million/tonne (including taxes) in 2017, an increase of 56 per cent in the same year, and the unit cost increased to 59.5 million yuan/tonne, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year.
Cost increases are mainly caused by higher prices of raw materials. Companies control costs mainly through vertical layout of the industrial chain and the effect of purchasing scale. On the one hand, the layout of the upstream material plate, autonomous control of core technology, or locking directly with the raw material manufacturer; on the other hand, through self-weighted advantage, the use of large orders to increase their bargaining power, and at the same time, through the use of large orders.
Batteries are under pressure to cut prices, and the cost side requires a full-scale break-through at all upstream levels, and companies have a layout on the battery's four main material supply chain. Corporate suppliers are very dispersed, with the top five suppliers only 16.9% of the purchase volume 17 years ago, Koda.
Li, Greenmi, Zhenhua Xinhua, Jianxiao, and lead intelligence have changed considerably over 16 years. Companies choose multiple suppliers at all stages, thereby guaranteeing the quantity of supplies and limiting prices to each other; parts of the material chain, companies support small businesses with the potential to hold orders at a lower price than suppliers, for example, by covering the entire business.
The price for the procurement of lithium electricity in the Ninder era was, overall, about 10% lower than the market. Figure 29: The network of suppliers upstream of the Catl membrane: competition with the membrane market, separation of the diaphragms for processing.
The power cell industry usually treats membrane purchases separately from coating processes in order to reduce costs. In 2017, catl diaphragm purchases amounted to $738 million, representing 13.61 per cent of the total purchase of four major materials. The company ' s wet diaphragm suppliers were Nje, Lithium Long and Suzhou (the procurement volume fell in 2018), and the dry diaphragm suppliers were mainly booming.
New material. At present, Catl uses the wet method to coat diaphragms. To contain the cost, Catl operates the membrane and the two rings separately and procures the membrane externally only, leaving it to Djoonga. The humid membrane capacity in the industry reached 2 billion flats in late 2017, while the need for the membrane in the country was 1.2 billion flats, resulting in excess capacity, with the price of the membrane in the humid method in 2018.
The price reduction is expected to continue as technological advances and competition increase by 30%. Overcapacity of the membrane, competition in the market, and the large-scale effect of the catl procurement are evident. In the membrane procurement process, the stability and price of the product batches are the guarantee of long-term business cooperation.
The company is open to product testing by diaphragm companies, and many manufacturers, such as Shanghai Entje, Lake Central Lithium, Suzhou Jing, Dingzhou Dynasty, Star-source material, and Middle-Emergency material, have successfully entered the supply chain. Price matching among multiple suppliers, Catl has taken the initiative to negotiate.
In the rest, price rivalries within the industry are fierce, while the catl’s economies of scale increase its pricing power, which is much lower than the industry’s average prices. Overlaying and long-term collaboration with Cheuk Kao require only surrogate processing fees.
The process is mature, and in order to control costs, the diaphragm purchased by Catl is the membrane, which is covered by the Xiao Gao generation, which pays only the processing fee. In 2016, the diaphragm processing fee was 1.69 yuan per square (free of taxes), a significant reduction in profit compared to the direct sale of coated diaphragms.
Positive and negative: Upstream market flats, direct targeting of raw material suppliers, positive material, catl controls the cost of positive materials through layout of lithium resources, cobalt resources, and layout recycling, self-construction or search for foreign-cobalt-based lithium salt and cobalt intermediate products. Trinity batteries in the market in 2017 remain at 532.
Positive material is in the absolute mainstream, with the company ' s positive material purchases in 2017 amounting to 3,382 million yuan, representing total upstream material purchases. The company ' s annual procurement of phosphate lithium is 1.35 billion yuan, mainly supplied by Defonami, Bettray, and the North Front. Three dollar purchases of materials amount to $2,049 million, consisting of multiple step-by-step purchases of production lines and direct purchases of triad drivers.
The company can ensure the continuity of the supply of cobalt resources by locking in gavage, while the company works separately with Greenme, Chinese friend Cobalt, Bump, and Long-Term Lithium in the industrial chain to produce pre-drive and positive materials. On the other hand, the company directly procures pre-triple drive products.
The acquisition of Bump is a very important link in the three-dollar shut-down of material supply. The company acquired and replenished Guangdong Bump in 2013 and 2015 and currently holds a total of 34% of Guangdong Bump.
The company, through Guangdong Bump, operates lithium ion cell materials, procures used batteries, waste materials, etc. from new energy technologies, and recovers them for the production of lithium ion battery materials, etc., in the form of a three-dollar pre-drive. In 2017, it collected 2,471 million yuan (primarily a three-dollar pre-drivers) in lithium power plates, representing an increase of 304 per cent, or 12.35 per cent of the company's total.
Of this amount, 15,000 tons of pre-trillion drives were sold, with 15 per cent of the city ' s share. Figure 31: Catl multi-pointd positive-polar production line, negative-polar material market flat, supply stability, catl depressed prices through long-term cooperation.
The material has a high quality stability and timeliness requirements, and the battery industry giants tend to develop two or three high-quality suppliers, leading to stable long-term partnerships. Catl’s negative materials are locked directly with manufacturers such as Dong Kae-jin and Sugi-gi-gi-gi, whose Middle East kae-jin is the main supplier of the catl negative materials. 17 years of Kai-jin’s sales to Ningde.
In the pricing process, Catl has the absolute advantage of being able to lower prices through the advantage of purchasing. In 2016, the sales of graphite by several of our major negative-polar traders were on average.
The average price was only RMB 3.63 million per ton and was at a lower level of competition among colleagues.
In 2017, the company acquired $644 million in electrolyte extraction, representing 11% of the total purchase of four major materials, which were supplied mainly by gifted materials, the State of New Zeus, and the State of Tyvarin, which began to become the company’s main supplier in the second half of 17 years, accounting for about 70% of Ninder’s share.
The purchase of electrolytes in the era was based on quarterly bidding, with successive prices reaping company gains because the three major electrolyte giants wanted to bind the company’s supply sources. The purchase price of electrolyte fell by 22.77 per cent in 17 years, as a result of technological breakthroughs and process upgrades, on the one hand, and a significant drop in the excess price of lithium hexafluoride production capacity, on the other.
The price of the electrolyte is basically low, and the cost competition is shifting to performance, while the catl is a very few battery companies that are able to provide formulas autonomously. The electrolyte is a strong formula product, and the raw material formulations are different from those required by the battery.
There is a need for continuous research and development inputs. As battery energy density increases, safety demands more and additive performance increases; and power cell performances require higher levels of additives, such as low temperature performance, life cycle, multipliers, etc. At present, with 811 power cell sizes, the country is able to complete an autonomous R & D feed ratio.
There are very few pool operators, and basic R & D is largely in the hands of electrolyte producers, but Catl, on the one hand, has an electrolyte research and development team and, on the other hand, by virtue of its leadership position, is largely removed from dependence on single electrolyte suppliers for the development of new distributors in conjunction with electrolyte manufacturers.
4.1. High concentration of industry, high concentration of catl indicators, high concentration of industry, 94 per cent loading of the top five plants in January-July 2018, and strong leadership of catl.
In 2017, 61% of the country ' s top five power cell plants had a commercial load, and in January-July 2018 it was 94% higher, with a higher concentration in the industry. As a result of earlier development, there was a higher concentration in the market, with 85% in the pre-2017 period and 94% in January-July 2018 for the top five manufacturers; and a three-dollar concentration in batteries.
For lower, because of the late onset of the Trinity and the large number of new players in the market, the market was 58% in 2017, and the market rose further to 80% in January-July 2018. The market pattern has been initially formed: Catl and Biadi share the 1st, and the 1st, and the 1st, 2nd, and the 1st, and the 1st.
The leading advantage is in the domestic market, far ahead of the remaining competitors. Mostly because of high R & D investment by companies, the overall profit-level industry is ahead; in terms of debt servicing, the firm’s asset-liability ratio is the lowest, the liquidity ratio is as high as 1.9, and the industry-wide lead, indicating the company’s long-term and short-term solvency.
In terms of operating capacity, the rate of turnover of accounts receivable at 2.81 and of total assets at 0.51 are industry-wide leaders, with the faster the turnover of corporate funds and the highest operating efficiency across the industry.
4.2. Resources have been further concentrated, leading the way in strengthening the production and energy layout. The company has established production bases in Fuchinning, Qinghai and Xining, where Qinghai has achieved 5 gwh-powered lithium electricity per year and 50,000 tons of power cell materials. In 2016, Catl invested 10 billion yuan in 10 gwh power cell long triangles per year.
Since the current producers of lithium batteries in the country are located mainly in North and South China, and there are fewer batteries in East China, the construction of the production base will better serve the customers of all the new energy sources in the Long Triangle. In addition, the fund-raising project raised $5.35 billion for the construction of the 24gwh power cell project in the west of the lake for further expansion of capacity in 2017.
Catl has already achieved 17gwh power cell capacity, which is expected to expand to 30gwh by the end of 2018. Resources have been brought closer to large firms, small businesses have been phased out, and Catl wants a new round of production expansion and further market expansion. With large firms in size, technology, and brand advantages, performance improvements and price advantages have continued to grow.
In 2017, the power cell industry used only 41% of its capacity, while the leading firms used more than 70%. The expansion of capacity slowed down in 2018, and came mainly from leading firms, where the share of small-scale plants was more reliable and more productive than large-scale battery manufacturers.
Catl, as the absolute leader of the industry, will occupy both domestic and overseas resources and further expand the market. Confidence in future orders directly influences the expansion of the capacity of battery manufacturers, who are more confident in digesting new production lines.
Catl is also highly competitive globally, with a large number of overseas car companies endorsing and large orders. Catl has a global view of the major competitors of the Ningde era as pine, lig, and tristars, and currently benefits from the rapid development of the domestic electric vehicle market, with companies already in an advantage far exceeding lg and tristar, and in the absence of them.
The company’s planned capacity continues to be highly competitive in terms of the expansion of production capacity. At technology level, the company’s current route is a square aluminium shell, and the technology level of $3.523 is comparable to that of Japanese and Korean enterprises; the firm’s 811 soft packages have accumulated deep technology, supported by strong R & D power, and its production plans have steadily advanced, leading the way in technology rotation.
There is, of course, room for companies to make progress in terms of integrated performance, such as automation, product consistency and security. Companies also have more overseas customers, the public, BMW, Daimler, etc., working with BMW in 2011 to develop power cells, production lines and acceptance systems in line with the production standards of international automobile companies.
Square aluminium shell + ncm 532 Ninder factory + Xinyang factory + Qinghai factory, 18 years expected catl plastic shell + ncm
Woo-tung, upper-air, Gilly, North-air, etc. 25gwh capacity to raise 24gwh (reserve package + 811 technology)
Sub-operational Profit Forecasts Power Battery Operations: the plate ' s output reached 11.84gwh in 2017, new energy vehicles as national policies gradually landed and as the technology for the production of lithium batteries and the availability of new energy vehicles and support facilities increased in the future.
The demand for power cells will continue to grow, and we expect 20gwhh in 2018, an increase of 69%. At the price end, the power cell market as a whole enters the price-down route, and we expect the battery module to sell at a price of $1.32/wh (including taxes) in 2018, a decrease of 20% in the same year, and the Māori rate will decline, but it will remain above 30% overall.
Lithium electric material operations: of these, 149,000 tons were delivered in 2017 by the pre-triad drive, which we believe to be a pre-triple drive due to the increase in demand for power batteries and the rapid growth of the upstream material plate due to the continued increase in the demand for and delivery of power batteries, which we predict is 2.08 tons in 2018 by the pre-triple drive.
We expect the plate to yield 34.6-46.7-60.7 billion in storage system operations: since lithium batteries are currently more expensive, the storage market is less economical, but it is expected to rise in the future as lithium battery costs decrease, distributed energy increases and overseas demand rises.
Given that the company is the global lithium tap, the deep-farm power cell industry, the successful binding of traditional domestic and foreign car companies, and the dual advantages of technology and cost will fully benefit from the global trend towards electric carization, the city share is expected to rise further. 49/38/29 times more than the price. Given the firm’s absolute lead in powered lithium, the customer circle is of high quality, and the amount of scientific technology available.
Taking the lead in cost control, we will benefit fully from the global electric boom, which is expected to expand further, and we will give 1) less support to new energy car policies, and less demand for slower power cell markets for industrial growth. Changes in national industrial policies will affect the development of power cell markets, and hence the sale and collection of corporate products.
Significant adverse changes in policy will have a direct impact on the demand for battery markets and will have a significant negative impact on the size and profitability of the sales of the companies. (2) Prices of the products have fallen or continued to fall, with an impact on the level of the company’s Māori ratio.
As one of the core components of a new energy vehicle, power batteries attract a large number of investors to compete in the market through industrial transformation, acquisitions and mergers, large-scale manufacturers can expand rapidly, markets are highly competitive, and average market prices are falling year by year, reducing corporate profitability.
3) The price of raw materials is unstable, and large fluctuations may have an impact on operations. The cost of raw materials is higher than the overall cost, and the price volatility of raw materials will have a direct impact on the level of Maori in each section.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board