I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Asia china reauters ♪
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
solidandsteady1h18resources;buy valuations & risks neilsun
1h18resources; maintainbuynomisticoorderoutbook researchanalyst catl's 1h18recurringnetprofitincreasedby 37% yoy, themid-pointof
I don't know, it's very nice to meet you. Both thebetterysystemssegment (revenue + 35% yoy) and the most significantsegment (revenue + 124% yoy)
1h18 (vs.2018edbeat researchanalyst 30.2%) Isalsoontranckofoursourcerationofmarginstabilization.weliftour
2018e-2020eearningsby 1 per cent/8 per cent 6 per cent toactorinthebattycontractsigned with autooem, and reviseurtartechprimb79.0acordingly.buymaintained.sharonding.
+852-22003-5716
The bestysystemsementrevenuecamenastrumb 7.2b, up35%yoywithagros profitmargof32.7%in1h18.theperformanceofbettertechmentiddingvincentha, cfa, cfa
I don't know what you're talking about, slightlyheadofouraction, mainlythanstotheeconomisofscaleand researchanalyst catl's componentcostadvantage.
Autooems, believe the companyyiswellpositionedtomorethantrepleits battery productionvolumefrom12.9gwhin217 to 43.4gwhin202020e. batterymaticsecondstrongrowth
1h18revenueofrb1.7b, up124% yoy, whichiswellaheadosourceration duostrangedownstreamdemand. thencm
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
On 36x2019eepsagainstarecurringincomegrectata32%3-yearcapr.key rinks: unexpectedchangesinevdemandandgovernment'ssubsidypolicy.deutschebankag/hongkong
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Automobiles & components catl source: companydata, deutschebankestimates
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, figure 3:foreastchangesforcatl source:deutschebankestimatates figure4:deutschebankestimatsvs.consensusforcatl
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Catl reauters: 300,750.sz bloomberg: 300,750ch
The company works well, the company works well.
I'm not sure you're gonna be able to do that, but I don't know if you're gonna be able to do it.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but you're going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, hold rejected deutschebank.
I'm sorry, Targetpricechechecny72.20neilsun equityratingkey equityratatingdispersionandbankingreplicationships.
Q: Basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-holdr return (tsr=percentagechangeinshareprircurent pricetoprojectedtargatepricepluspro-jecteddivividendied)
If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschebanconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofasesuritythisdiscussedinthisithreport, orisincludortissedinother company (oralorwritten) fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacountorasengfororanootherson.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be introspective. deutschebankissesavarietofresearchproducts, includingfundamentalanalysis, equity-linked analysis, quantientativeanalysisandtradeideas.commenationscontaininedinetypeofcompunificationmayiffer from recommendationscontaininides, hetheotherasalestofifferiffertimehorizons, methodogies, perspectivates
I don't know, ortherwise.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliatesmayalsobeholdingdebtorequitysecuritiesoftheissiersitwries on.alystsarepaidinpartasedontheprofibilityofdeutschebankandandsaffiliates, whichincludesinvesting banking, tradingandprincipaltrainingrevenues.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Nolesthantwoweeksandnomorethantherevemonths.inadditiontodatalycallls, analystsmayonationaldiscuscussors, and related deutschebanksalespersonsandtraders, tradestrategiesorotherofeventhatmayhaveanear-termormormedium-termimpacton themarkepriceofthesecuritiesdistributed
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, maretconditionsanthgeneraland company-specificconomicprospectsmakeitifficulttoupdateresearchwhat definedintervals.updatesalesedhesolesthesorofthecoveranalystoresearchpartymanagement, and themajorityofreportsarepublishedirguardintervals.thisportisprovidedforforforforforformationalpoursisterlyand
Doesnottakeintotheparticulalinvestmentorjectives, financionalitutions, orneedsofindidualcolients.itisnot anofferofonoffortobuyorsellanyfincialinstrumentsortoparticipateinanyparticulartringstrategy. targetpricesareinherlyimprecisedadaproductoftheanalyst'sjudgment.thefinancialinstrumentsdiscussed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The deutschebankresearcheddepartmentisindependentofotherbusinessdivisionsofthebank.detailsregardingourorganizationalarrangementsandinformationbarrierswehavetopveventandandavidconfactsointerest_respectto
It's not like I'm going to have to do this with an expositorystostrument sthatpromise.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And (iii) currencesmaybesubjecttovevalulizationorgoverment-imposedexhangecontrols, whichcooulduffactthevalueofthecurrence.investsinsecuriuschuschasadrs,whosevaluesareaffectedby the currenceofofofofofanundercoveringsecurity, effactivelyassesurrencecyrisk.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it.
And doesnéspressanyopinionorrecommendationswhatsoeverastoanystrategies, producssonyotherinformationpresented inthematics.informationcontaininghereisbelievedprovidedsolialonthe basisttheothercipientwillmakeanindendendenassesmentofthemeritsofainnyinvestement,anditdoesnot
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't know, but I'm not sure that I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to do it, and the guy who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just saying, I'm just saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
4444.itisrestered by the securitiesandexchangaboardofindia(sebi)astockbrokerbearingregistration nos.: nse (capitalmarketsegment)-inb 231196834, nse (f&osegment) inf23119834, nse (currencedélivatives segment)ine 23119834, bse (capitamalketsetsegment) inb0111196830; mechantbankerbearingsedirectation
No. no. no.: inm00100000108researchedanalybyringsebiredirectionno. :inh00001741.deiplmayvereveveveveveveveveveveveveverevendofmetthesebiforbreachesofofindicadianregulations.thetransmissionofmissionofresearchoughdreipl isdeutschebank'sdeterminationandwillnotmakearecipientaclietofdeipl.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliate(s)
I don't know what you're talking about, mayhavebtholdingsorpositionsinthesubject company.
iifinancialinstrumentsfirmsassociation and thefinancialfuturesassociationofjapan.commissionsandksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions,wechargestockcommissionsandconsumptiontaxbymultiplying the transactionamountby thecommmissionrateagreedwitheachcustomer.stocktransactionsscanscandtossasaresault
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, registered credentializationsinjapanlessesjapanesjapanor'nippon'specipialdisdatedinthenameoftheity.portsonjapaneselistcompaniesnotwrittenbysorfsorverewerittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalyswith the coveragecompaniespeciedbydsi.someoftheforeignsecuritiesstatesstateshandactionalatedaboutsacretdiscordering
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Numberinousouthafrica: 1998/003298/10). Singapore:thisreportissuiedbydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutschecuritiesassiaalimited, singaporebranch (onerafflesquay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +6564238001), whichmaycontatedrespect
I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know.
I'd like to thank you for your help, my friend, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help.
I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayundertertakeonlythefinancialservicesactivivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofralicense.itspirincipalplaceofplaceofbusinessintheqfffc:qatarfinalcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyavailableontobusinesscustomers, asdefinedbythe qatarfinalregionalregularity.
russia: theinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontetextof, anddonotconstitute, any appraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseinthianfidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia:deutschecuritissaudialarbiallcompany (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Australiaandnewzealand: thoseresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesalecliants" with the Australiancorporal Corporationsactivitynewzealandfinciancialdvisorsact, actively.pleasefertoaustralia-specific whereresearchresearchrestoanninalproducesproducesproduce
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Well, it's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this, and we're going to have to do this.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, like.
Automobiles & components catl additionallinformationrelivetosecurities, orfinancialproducessuersdiscussedinthisreportavailableupon
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headofamericasresearch globalheafeconomics globalheafequityresearch
It's a big deal.
Kinnerakhani Globalheadof Headofema
♪ Headofapac debtresearch equityresearch ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
International Productions deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2-11-1 nagatacho fluialehongkong 60329 frankfurtammamain
It's an important part of the world's history, and it's an important part of the world's history.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna to be the guy
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq uniteddom