Ningde is an important supplier of global power cell systems, and for the third year in a row they're sold.
The world's top three of the world's power cell companies and sales in 2017. The whole power cell industry has been forced to adjust to the shape of high nickel triads and soft wraps as demand rises and subsidies fall, and industry patterns have gradually emerged, and we believe that in this context, companies are based on the idea that
The advantage is expected to be to fill the price down with a high-speed increase in the volume of goods to maintain the position of strong: □ product performance is superior to the needs of car firms, and high corporate R & D inputs enable the product to achieve a better performance profile, based on the recommended catalogue.
The number of cars covered is the first in the industry. The first new energy vehicle recommended catalogue released after the transition period (the 7th of this year) shows that the catl battery has continued to have the highest number of models, and that both the passenger and passenger cars meet the 1.1-fold subsidy standard.
□ The number of companies and companies that have developed strategic alliances with new customers at home and abroad has been increasing, rising rapidly from 29% last year to 42% in the first half of the year. The Ministry has made a major effort this year to open up international markets to the general public, Daimler, and BMW supply systems.
Germany has begun to build production lines; for domestic clients, strategic alliances with car firms through mutual shareholding and joint ventures have been established to bind their depths. We expect that, with the trend towards greater concentration in the industry, the growth in corporate output will be higher than the average increase in the industry.
□ Accelerating cost decline to maintain a higher Māori rate in the industry The market price for power cells has been declining, but the company Māori rate is higher than that of other enterprises in the industry, resulting in a higher security cushion for further price declines in the future, while products have been produced in recent years
The impact of the fall in prices has also been reduced by the acceleration of costs □ increased profit-making channels from upstream layout batteries □ the company builds the industrial chain from battery materials, battery systems, battery recovery through Guangdong Bump
Closed rings, sales of battery materials contribute steadily to the company’s profitable growth, while creating synergies with the core business to further reduce its production costs.
Increased competition in the market; less than expected sales of new energy vehicles; less than expected subsidy policies;
Huaanrearch unicorns in the area of new energy cars, Ninder Age New Energy Technology Inc. is an important supply of domestic and global power cell systems.
In March, the Ministry of Science and Technology published the China Licorne Business Development Report 2017, which placed Ningde's time on the list of unicorn enterprises in the new energy car sector; and immediately followed the successful ipo meeting in the Ningde era on April 4, which updated the ipo speed, further highlighting the company's importance in the new energy vehicle sector.
The company formed three panels around lithium batteries: power cell systems, storage energy systems, lithium battery materials, covering the entire production process from solid material to core to battery bags, with technology covering three dollars and phosphate lithium.
One of them was a director of the tdk-style company, the New Energy Technology Company Ltd. (atl) and its subsidiaries, of which New Energy Technologies and their subsidiaries are part of the tdk group, a global producer of specialized consumer lithium batteries, which became Apple.
Shareholders and senior executives have also been over-exaggerated attl. Shareholders and senior executives’ pre-work experience has provided important lessons for the company’s later development.atl has been involved in power cell business through 15% of the shares of Ninder’s new energy holding company.
The domain, and then the strategic adjustment, exits the power cell business, thereby transferring all of its shares to Ningbo combine, no longer directly or indirectly holding corporate shares, and the intellectual property rights and technologies associated with power cells and storage systems batteries achieve each other ' s catch-up through a possible agreement.
Atl's new energy equity company, Ninder and Sheng, are now associated with the company's lithium recycling capacity Profitability: Māori has declined, but profits are still in the forefront of the industry Power Battery System receipts in the company's three business plates reached 87%, and the plate has the highest Māori rate
At the technology storage and research stage, the orders were customized, so small, the Māori rate fluctuated, unit prices for power cell systems were on a downward path, and, with the apparent decline in the price of the New Energy Car Subsidy in 2017, the Māori rate for businesses in the industry declined to varying degrees, while at the same time
The cost of a company-driven battery system has been maintained at a rate of more than 15% per year, partially offsetting the downside of sales, allowing the company to keep its Māori rate at a level slightly higher than the average for its colleagues. Lithium is mainly a lithium battery recycling operation in Guangdong State, which was affected by the sharp rise in the price of cobalt resources last year.
Prices at the end of sales have risen significantly and the Māori rate has changed less.
The company’s continuous expansion over the last two years through large-scale replenishments has made asset-liability ratios more profitable for the same listed companies than for the same listed companies.
The annual corporate receivables and inventory turnover were 2.80 and 4.92 per cent, respectively, down from the same period last year, and the current overall excess capacity in the power cell market is apparent, with the decline in the operating capacity of mainstream producers being more common, as seen in the published annual listings of companies.
Figure 10 Rates of turnover of power cell producers in accounts receivable, Figure 11 Stock turnover of power cell producers Growth: strong sales growth, negative growth of profit from winding up and down
Battery output, though still growing at a rapid pace, was not optimistic and the company was not immune to the growth of net profits due to the decline in the Māori rate, as compared to the strong growth in corporate revenue and the current business performance.
The flow of gold also maintains a growth trend.  net profit from operating income  net cash flow from operating activities
The rapid expansion of new energy cars in recent years has led to the rapid rise of power cells, driven by rising demand for a three-dollar-and-soft-packed nickel, with a projected annual compound growth of at least 37 per cent in new energy automobile production from 2018 to 2020, while the upstream power cell industry chain, in particular, is expected to continue at least 37 per cent.
At the same time, new-energy car subsidies are being revised downwards from year to year, and the subsidy thresholds are rising. In this regard, incentives are being made to upgrade technology to meet consumer requirements for continued mileage and energy consumption, while promoting new-energy cars.
In the long run, according to the Medium- to Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, the milestones in the new energy sector are:
By 2020, two million new energy cars will be sold annually, power cells will be more than 300 Wh/kg of energy, 350 W/kg of energy, systems will be less than 260 W/kg of energy, and the cost will be less than $1/Wh. By 2025, new energy cars will account for more than 20% of vehicle production, power cell systems
The total energy ratio reaches 350 W/kg. The well-developed iron and lithium phosphate technology is difficult to meet these requirements in terms of energy density, while the triple material plus soft package meets the battery energy density requirements.
With both the subsidy threshold and the rising demand for consumption, the triple battery needs to match material to meet the triple requirements of high energy density, high safety and low cost, i.e. not only to meet the requirements of a car company to obtain subsidized battery energy density, but also to ensure that a battery producer pays up and down.
The increase in the three-dollar battery nickel content will increase the energy density of the battery, but safety will decline. The current price of cobalt is still high, despite the rush of May, and a reduction in the ratio of cobalt content can reduce the impact of cobalt prices on production costs.
The energy density of the main ncm 523 batteries can reach 160-200wh/kg, the energy density of the triple 622 can reach 230wh/kg, ncm 811 or nca can reach 280wh/kg or more; the positive material of the power cell can be replaced from 523 to 811, and the effect of the change in the composition of the material in chart 14 on battery performance
But there are two technical problems with the high nickel trinity: first, the transformation of particle surfaces, which can easily cause batteries.
Capacity, circulatory failure; second, post-cycle particle fragmentation, causing 811 cell electrochemical decay, leading to a decrease in thermal stability and safety. For battery safety and circulation, there are few new energy models carrying 811 batteries, which will be rolled out at a less rapid rate, and the production of 811 batteries is expected this year.
And whoever solves the problem of the safety of high nickel-powered batteries in the future takes the initiative of taking up the new energy car market. According to the data, in the first quarter of 2018, the country produced 31670 tons of trio material, compared to the same amount.
An increase of 64.26 per cent was recorded, of which 78 per cent were conventional ncm models, 14 per cent were conventional ncm 622 and 8 per cent were noncm 811/nca, with a significant increase in production of ncm 811.
In the first four months of this year, power cell loads showed that square batteries accounted for more than 70 percent, while the cylindrical battery was shrinking, with a flexible battery remaining at around 10 percent, one that exceeded the cylindrical battery in April, and showed a market preference for the cylindrical battery.
Technically, a soft-bag battery has a better safety, light weight, and circulation advantage than a square cell and a cylinder battery. In terms of weight, a soft-pack cell weighs 40% less than an equivalent capacity of lithium in steel cases, and 20% less than a aluminium-hull lithium battery, which alone can significantly increase the energy density of the cells. But in production, however,
There is a problem of low consistency and high cost of batteries. Taken together, achieving the 2020 power cell stand-by capacity of 300wh/kg, system 260wh/kg is expected to be more robust in the form of a soft package, which is also an important reason for the proliferation of major battery manufacturers.
In general, the fall in subsidies and the upgrading of demand have pushed the demand for new-energy car-power batteries to further tilt towards high nickel. In the long run, it will take some time to achieve the widespread use of high nickel, especially ncm811/nca, in electric cars, in the light of safety considerations, and the technical difficulties associated with the combination of soft-packed batteries, but given the fact that it is still difficult to do so.
The high R & D threshold, early deployment, and increased R & D are essential. The industry ' s Marteller effect is gradually showing that the national power cell capacity exceeded 200gwhh in 2017, but the volume of power cell output in the last year was the same.
44.5 gwh, there is a serious overcapacity problem, with increased competition in the market, followed by the phasing out of firms, and a clean-up of production. Car companies reflect the failure of suppliers of power batteries, which are subject to insufficient production and sales of batteries, and which are not adequately supplied in the market, and whose technologies are being updated in a timely manner to meet the needs of their customers.
The market concentration is increasing. The number of first five suppliers in the first half of the year rose from 61.61% to 77.82% in the last year, and the number of top two Ningde and Biadei aircraft in the second half of the year rose by 12 pct and 5 pct, respectively.
Large-market occupancy has gained a higher growth capacity than the average market growth rate. With technological advances and the fall of automobile subsidies, the price of power cells has gone down the path, and in 2017, it has declined at an accelerated rate, both upstream and downstream.
At the end of 2017, the price of power cells was shown to have fallen by 20 ~ 25 per cent from the beginning of 2017. The price of lithium phosphate batteries dropped from $1.8~1.9/wh at the beginning of the year to $1.45~1.55/wh at the end of the year. The price of triple power cell packages dropped from $1.7~1.8/wh at the beginning of the year to $1.4~1.5/wh at the end of the year.
Producers have had a significant impact, leading firms have experienced successive declines in performance. In the future, power cell prices will drop further, they will have a smaller impact on businesses with a high Maori rate, they will add up market concentration, and the Matthews effect will be more 3.
With the advantage of shareholders and executives in the use of lithium-grade batteries, companies quickly cut into power-based battery collars to become important suppliers across the country and globally.
The market share of companies is one to two. According to the gross lithium study, in the first half of this year, the power battery load was 15.58gwh, an increase of 127.90% in the same year, and the Ningde era continued to be an absolute leader, with a market share rising from 29% last year to 42.24%, and the number of cars installed in this year’s recommended catalogues remained consistently the highest.
The company’s network of officials shows that the energy density of the three-dollar core of the company can be as high as 240wh/kg, and this year subsidizes the vehicle-type energy density average of 146wh/kg of the catl batteries deployed in the recommended catalogue of new energy vehicles in the first batch (seventh batch, 2018) after the transition period, continuing the mileage of 360km, meeting the 1.1-fold subsidy requirement after the 2018 transition period.
In the second half of the year, the company has been leading the industry. In terms of inputs, R & D has been relatively high; in terms of results, the design of 300wh/kg cores has been largely achieved, making it a small group of countries with a few breakthroughs of 300wh/kg.
Team. The company now has a full market layout of the individual markets, with increased R & D investment in differentiated products such as the long life of phosphate lithium, the three-dollar high energy density, and fast-loading, in order to achieve a technology that goes beyond competition with the industry and captures technological heights.
In 2015, 2016 and 2017, sales of corporate power cell systems were 2.19gwh, 6.80gwh and 11.84gwh, respectively, and, according to ggii, sales of corporate power cell systems were global power cells for three years in a row.
The top three companies ranked first in the world in 2017 in sales. Companies were in the vanguard of industry shuffling, with a rapid rise from 29% last year to 42% in the first half of the year.
According to ggii statistics, global power cell sales in 2017 were ranked as follows: Companies have entered the supply chain of well-known domestic and foreign car companies and have a large client base. For domestic brands, companies and Wootong Group, upper gas group, North Gas Group, Gilli Group, Fu-Car Group, Chinese vehicle.
Long-term strategic cooperation among leading firms in such industries as the Group, the East Wind Group and the Chang An Group; in the case of international brand customers, the company has entered the supply system of the BMW, the general public, Daimler, and a small number of domestic suppliers providing power cell solutions for international automobile brands, and the company has set up its own system.
At the same time, companies are working with new and emerging car-building firms, such as the Uranium Cars, the Smart Cars, etc., to actively deploy the smart car sector.
• The Woo-tung passenger car, the Pegasus group, the Jili group, the Chinese brand group, the East Wind group, the Changan group, the Great Wall car, the Xiaomenjin group
The dragons, the Golden Brigades, the bus, the BMW, the Chiri, the foreign brands, the Dymlers.
• Automobiles, graph 25: sales of major new energy vehicles, graph 26: sales of major new energy passenger vehicles
In terms of sales, the company’s main customers, such as the North Gas New Energy, the Gilly Motors, for their level-a battery suppliers, have been able to sell their cars in the past year, such as the North Gas ec series, the Tihouev, etc. This year, the company has continued to open its markets, looking at the international market and entering the big market.
In expanding the market, companies lock up their developed customers through product performance and strategic alliances. The safety, stability, consistency of their products have always been favoured by their customers, while companies are tied through depth.
• Mutually holding shares for upstream and downstream penetration of the industrial chain, with companies and the North Gas Group holding shares directly or indirectly, while companies and the North Front in 2010
The company also continues to deepen its strategy with upstream and downstream.
Cooperation, on 15 December 2017, the company signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Praid, the North Front and the North Gas Group, a joint venture to collaborate on the development of power, battery development, manufacturing, recycling, and the use of ladders, among other things, in the industrial chain of new energy automobile power cells.
In addition to the strategic cooperation agreements signed by the company and the BMW, which include equity investment arrangements, the BMW has the right to make a certain amount of equity investment in the company if the Department follows up on the equity financing scheme.
The company signed a joint venture agreement with the Shanghai Motors Group for the promotion of super-mega-mega-mega-mega, and signed a joint venture contract with the Guang-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega.
The average sales price of corporate power cell systems fell with the market from $2.28/wh in 2015 to $1.41/wh in 2017, while the Māori rate also fell from the highest 44 per cent to 35 per cent, while the cost of production also fell at an accelerated rate. Corporate Māori rates were higher than those of other enterprises in the industry, thus providing a better assurance that prices would fall further in the future.
We expect power cell output to increase at an average rate of more than 30 per cent over the next three years, and prices are falling at a rate of higher than guaranteed delivery in the face of a massive advance in the country, increasing industrial competition and falling battery prices.
The growth of the average market growth, on the other hand, through the security cushions generated by the high Māori rate, as well as the accelerated cost decline, weakens the impact of falling prices and provides two-way support for the growth of the company’s performance.
This year, seven ministries and departments, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications and the Ministry of Science and Technology, jointly issued a circular on the implementation of a pilot project for the recycling of new energy vehicles, which identified 17 provinces, cities, regions, and Chinese towers as pilot areas and enterprises for the recycling of power cells.
Through Guangdong Bump, the company's early deployment of battery recovery is a forward-looking approach to the policy, along with the extension of the nickel-cobalt-manganese-value metals and triple-front drive of battery material upstream of the industrial chain.
Building industrial chains closed from battery materials, battery systems, battery recovery, expanding operations while creating synergies with core operations, further reducing core production costs. With increased demand for power cells in 2017, nickel and cobalt resources experienced a wave of rises due to limited supply prices, with pressure spreading downwards and battery activity.
Producers are still experiencing a decline in their performance, although overall output growth is still relatively high. Cobalt prices are still high, companies can use the upper nickel cobalt-manganese resources from battery recovery layouts, self-supply of battery materials, and avoid price fluctuations in metal resources and battery materials.
The company’s ability to produce lithium battery materials has remained fully productive in recent years, and has grown rapidly. At the same time, a high level of water-drilling vessels before three dollars, with gross interest rates not affected by the rise in the price of cobalt resources, has steadily increased its contribution to the company’s profitability growth.
Increased competition in the market; less than expected sales of new energy vehicles; less than expected subsidy policy; no rating forecast in financial statements - none due to lack of access to the necessary information, or to major uncertainties in the company's ability to predict results, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.