Global layouts, strong and strong, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centers, have created global power battery kings around the clock.
In the early stages of company development, the company was placed behind a large stock of atl (Ninder New Energy Technology Ltd., the largest supplier of Apple cell phones) in the field of consumer power cells, and the BMW was given the opportunity to seek cooperation, thus setting the stage for the Ningde era.
The company’s management, with its chairman at its core, and its directors at its centre, created atl in 1999 (which was acquired by the Japanese tdk in 2005), has a great deal of experience in developing and managing batteries, so-called people and people. In 2017, the company’s power cells were delivered to 11.84gwh.
The world's largest share of the market has become the world's most powerful power cell. Industry integration has accelerated, and strong markets have become more dominant.
New energy vehicles purchased by individual users apply for subsidies, with cumulative mileage of up to 30,000 kilometres, resulting in the profitability and cash flow pressure of the new energy fleet, which puts down price pressure and financial pressure on medium-movement power cells. The subsidy policy is further adjusted to boost the demand for high nickel three-dollar batteries by using high vehicle rotation.
There is a strong demand for high-end trio batteries and a shortage of low-end batteries. A large number of downstream car manufacturers, faced with policy adjustments, have been able to secure a steady supply of batteries that meet their requirements, opting to work with the Ninder era, which has led to a sustained increase in the number of companies over the past two years, in 2016, 2017, 2018h1.
As new energy vehicle subsidies fall down to exit, power cells will face competitive pressures from foreign power cell manufacturers. We believe that, though short, they are short-lived.
While there may be a gap between power cell technology, costs and foreign flagships, the company is now the world's number one, with a market value of more than $100 billion, and the company is able to scale up benefits, reduce costs, and increase efficiency through upscaling, broadbanding, BMW, and so on.
Joint venture cooperation to bind customers, improve global competitiveness, and long-term interest in the company’s growth in power cells. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies as global masters of global power cells, rising city occupancy rates, powerful Ninder’s era (300,750): absolute power cell poles.
Keeping the industry in the lead (2018-08-24) 1-day benefits and casting a global power cell king (catl) mainly in the development and marketing of new-energy car-powered batteries, the main product covering the market
Mainstream lithium phosphate and triple-power batteries. Against the backdrop of the rapid growth of new energy cars, the Ningde era followed the wave of motor motorization, rapidly growing into global power poles with leading product technology, and became a representative of domestic unicorn enterprises.
In 2017, the country’s new energy vehicle sales amounted to 772,000 vehicles, a 52% increase compared to the previous year. New energy vehicles have been growing at a high rate since the country began piloting new energy cars in 2009. In the context of the rapid spread of new energy vehicles, from top-level design to subsidy incentives to the enforcement of double-economy policies.
Demand and policy support, domestic power cell manufacturers are looking forward to the opportunity: with the rapid development of new energy vehicles, the demand for power cells as core parts of new energy vehicles has increased significantly. At the same time, new energy vehicles have been used as vehicles.
In order to achieve an important road forward for the auto industry in the country, policies are also strongly supportive of core parts of new energy vehicles, particularly the binding of the new energy vehicle promotion catalogue with the Coded Conditions for Automotive Batteries, which creates a favourable environment for the development of domestic power cell enterprises.
The two-point policy goes hand in hand, and the development of new energy vehicles remains a guarantee: in September 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications introduced a parallel approach to the management of average fuel consumption by vehicle with the new energy vehicle component, the main elements of which are detailed in terms of accounting for conventional fuel vehicle consumption and the new energy vehicle component, objectives, crediting and management.
The share of energy cars is 10% and 12%, respectively. We believe that, in the context of the gradual withdrawal of subsidy policies, the introduction of a two-point policy, which once again underpins the development of new energy vehicles, and the transformation of policies from encouragement to mandatory development of new energy vehicles, also reflects the determination at the national level to develop new energy vehicles.
1.2 Litres: based on history, from 0 to 1, step by step, the path of development can be broadly divided into three phases: (1) 1999-2005, when the original parent company began to develop new energy technologies, and the founder was involved in the consumption of electricity.
(2) From 2005 to 2011, Japan ' s leading electronics firm, tdk, became a major shareholder in new energy technologies, while new energy technologies began to enter the power cell field: (3) From 2011 to date, the Ningde branch of new energy technologies and power cells became independent, and the Ningde era evolved.
Figure 5: Developments in the Ningde era have gone through about three phases. Phase I: Chairman of the Board of Directors has been involved in the area of consumer batteries: Prior to 1999, the Chairman of the Company had been in Hong Kong.
Atl became a battery provider for apple phones in 2004 and one of the turning points in the development of atl-type batteries up to the end of 2004.
Currently, atl has become a battery supplier for mainstream mobile phone manufacturers such as apples, tiles, oppo, vivos, mills, polymeric cores are the world's first ever, and atl has created a solid foundation for its involvement in the power of batteries in the long period of technological accumulation of consumer batteries.
Second phase: back-to-back tdk, atl started going into the power cell field: after 2002, atl introduced more wind investment money because of the need for capital injections to expand regulations. Then consumer battery competition intensified, former shareholders partially withdrew, and Japanese giant tdk, with $100 million in 2005 held atl, became an asset for the subsequent development of atl.
In 2008, after three years of gestation, atl formed a power cell team (the front body of Catl), the founder of which was Hwang Shih-sung, the former and current vice-president of Catl, who was the main initiator of the power cell development from the vehicle power cell and the power cell management system at the start of its formation, followed up on the power cell immediately before the explosion.
Phase III: Catl became independent and gradually became a global power cell leader: the country began to promote new energy cars in 2009, and the new energy bus market began to work in 2011. But the country was trying to create a global leader in the new energy vehicle sector, where foreign sole proprietor companies would not be able to produce power cells for core parts and power cells, so atl would
The power cell operation was independent, creating the current Catl (15% share in October 2012-2015 through Ninder's new energy source, 15% in 2015 from the parent company tdk, and 15% in 2015 from the power cell field to the Ningbo coalition). The independent Catl took over the BMW power cell in 2011 and became the technical standard in the morning.
In 2014, Catl became a battery supplier for the Wootong passenger vehicle and the North Gas new energy source, officially starting an industrial package. By 2017, Catl had reached 11.84gwh, a global power cell tap business.
1.3 and: Core staff with corporate development dividends, equity incentives to streamline employee incentives Corporate executives in the field of deep-cultivated batteries, with a high shareholding ratio: the president of the company was the founder of the current consumer battery industry atl and the deputy director in the area of deep-cultivated batteries was experienced for many years.
Many executives have had experience with top advisory bodies, which will contribute well to the strategic planning of future companies. At present, the company’s major shareholder, the Ritting Investment Company Ltd., in Ning Bomé Hill, holds 26.31 per cent of the Catl. (the chairman of the group had 100 per cent of its shares), Mr. Li Ping holds 5.15 per cent of the Catl.5 per cent, and the group has been acting in concert with Lee Ping.
At the same time, 135 core employees hold 8.91% of the company ' s shares through six partnerships: Borrey Wing, Borrey Young-tung, Yue Tae Hong-hwan, Heung-hwan-hwan-hwan, Yong-soon-hung-hwan, and Thérève-Hung. Figure 8: Catl ' s equity structure and holdings under the flag.
Table 2: Core executive profiles. Equity incentives to align staff incentives: company ' s restrictive equity incentive scheme 2018 (draft) released in July 2018, proposed award of cumulative 30,835.3 million shares to company ' s 1,776 employees, or 1.42 per cent of total equity, and further rationalization of corporate workforce dynamics
1.4 Super-high-speed growth, with the highest volume of output worldwide, with a market value of over 100 billion new energy vehicles, and rapid growth in corporate performance: the rapid spread of new energy vehicles since 2014 has benefited from the catl power cell industry, and the output of corporate power cells has continued to increase.
Sales amounted to 11.84gwh, a 74% increase in the same year, with a market share in the world’s highest. At the same time, the company’s performance was synchronized with its output, with $19.997 billion in 2017, an increase of 34.40% in the same year, and a net return of $3.878 billion, an overall increase in performance lower than that of power batteries.
Billion dollars, down by 49.70% in the same year. The main reason for the sharp decline in corporate profits was that the company’s share of the universal Maori rate had declined steadily over the same period last year, and the cost rate had remained stable: the power cell industry faced a large annual drop in prices while increasing its energy density, whether as a result of declining subsidy levels or market development patterns. At the same time, by the same time, by the same token, the power cell industry faced a large annual drop in prices.
Given the dramatic rise in demand for power cells, the supply-demand relationship between upstream raw materials remains in a tight balance and prices are high. Market recognition, with a market value exceeding hundreds of billions: companies have gone through only a few years since they were established to become global power cell taps, taking into account the gradual decline in subsidy policies, and power cells face greater challenges in terms of finance, technology, management, etc.
The leading firms, with their higher moats, are recognized by the market for growth and are now at the forefront of the entrepreneurial board, with a market value of more than 100 billion dollars.2 Industry competition has intensified, and integration is expected to accelerate, starting in 2017, with new energy vehicle subsidies facing a significant annual decline and industry integration.
The policy has begun to tilt towards high-scaling mileage passenger vehicles, with more stringent performance and cost requirements for power cells, and more challenges for power cell manufacturers in terms of finance, technology, etc., which are expected to continue to accelerate.
In 2017, a major downside began, and technical standards were raised: in 2017, domestic subsidies for new energy vehicles began to fall down sharply, particularly since the power cell consumption of new energy buses was facing a 40% downside before 2017, while the non-private sector of new energy vehicles faced 30,000 km of operating requirements. For new energy passenger vehicles, subsidies dropped sharply, and so on.
The operational mileage requirement will have a greater impact on its Maori rate and cash flow, while the new energy passenger vehicle will direct the profits and cash flow pressure to the middle-swap battery vendor. So, since 2017, the power cell vendor has been integrated, driven by policy. Battery prices have been significantly reduced, requiring a gradual increase in technology and size of the enterprise: for power battery manufacturers, new energy sources have been added.
Subsidized slopes have the most direct effect on the price of power cells, which in 2017, for example, averaged $1.41/wh, down 31.6% compared to 2016, while the price of upstream raw materials remained high and the Māori rate of batteries was further compressed. We believe that, with the increase in the energy density requirements of new energy vehicles for batteries and for batteries,
The cost of batteries has been further reduced, and power cell companies face technological, scale, and so on. 30,000 km of operating requirements have further increased the burden on battery companies: 30,000 km of operating requirements are expected to meet 30,000 km of operating requirements within a month, which means that bus manufacturers will have significant time to receive a new energy vehicle subsidy.
After this delay, the battery vendor’s repayment pressure increased. And the 30,000-km operating requirement for a new energy bus, half a wall of power cell consumption, placed greater pressure on the cash flow of power cell producers.
The gold chain is difficult, and it has been decided to take six months off from 1 July 2018 for all employees. According to the lfweek lithium grid, the current rate of production of the Watma Shenzhen battery core is 4%, and the rest of the production line is not working. We believe that the break in Watmagen's gold chain is a necessary consequence of policy adjustments:
On the client side: Watma’s downstream clients are mostly bus and car customers under the Watma Alliance, and the 30,000 km of operating requirements in 2017 put more pressure on Walter Marben’s tight cash flow. On the technical side, Watmar’s main battery technology is lithium phosphate, and the trinity technological reserve is weak.
Catl's stock of triple batteries is far ahead over the same period. Starting in 2017, subsidy policy began to shift towards new energy use vehicles, while triple technology has become the dominant source of new energy use vehicles.
The weakness of the technology stock is that Watma is unable to move quickly to the use of vehicles. As the Watma event shows, on the one hand, good asset liability is of paramount importance for a heavy asset industry like batteries, and, on the other hand, in power cells, changes in technology routes are devastating for manufacturers, and they are determined in the final technology route.
Until then, a rich technological reserve was critical to the resilience of battery manufacturers. 2.2 Power cell technology requires gradual upgrading, and industry integration will intensify.
A 40 per cent fall from the special vehicle subsidy in 2017, with the higher-energy-density vehicle with the corresponding incentive multipliers; while new energy vehicles with low-duration mileage (less than 300 km) have a larger downside, higher-than-300 km subsidy for high-duration mileage means that the policy will be more oriented towards supporting the development of high-duration mileage.
Under policy guidance, in 2018, the country’s new energy-car-recycling mileage rose gradually. Technology upgrading and cost-exploration continue to be the trend of power cells: the mileage of new energy vehicles is the pain point that needs to be addressed for their development, and the power cell, as the only source of energy, is the key factor in the sustainability of new energy vehicles.
According to the country ' s power cell technology route, by 2020, the power cell single energy ratio in the country reached 350wh/kg and the system reached 260wh/kg; in cost terms, the unit was 0.6 yuan/wh and the system was 1.0 yuan/wh. By 2017, the system could reach 150wh/kg or more from the technical corner, and the part of the first half of 2018 could reach 150wh/kg.
Whether it is a single or a system, the current technology still has a large gap compared to the 2020 plan. • Compared energy: single 350wh/kg; system 250wh/kg; energy density: single 650wh/l; system 320wh/l;
• Power density: single body: 1000w/kg; system: 700w/kg; ratio: single body: 400wh/kg; system: 280wh/kg; system: single body: 800wh/l; system: 500wh/l;
Power ratio: single 1000w/kg; system 700w/kg; power ratio: single 500wh/kg; system 350wh/kg; energy density: single 1000wh/l; system 700wh/l;
Power ratio: single 1000w/kg; system 700w/kg; three-dollar batteries to be mainstreamed and high nickelization to be the main development direction until 2020: the upper limit of the phosphate lithium battery is low and it is difficult to reach energy density above 200wh/kg in single form. The lead company for the domestic phosphate lithium technology route is the lead company.
Adi, its current single-body energy density for phosphate lithium batteries is 150wh/kg~160wh/kg. And compared to Yadi ' s planned increase in energy density for its phosphate lithium batteries to 200wh/kg by about 2020, the difference is still large. wh/kg and above, while 811 batteries are capped at 280wh/kg and nca batteries and 811 are performing in energy density.
In the case of pine batteries, for example, 1865 batteries on Teslamodels, with a single energy density of 250wh/kg, while the latest product of 21,700 can reach 300wh/kg. Silicon-based materials are the main direction for manufacturers in the application of negative materials. In the short term, high nickelization will be the way to reach the technology planned for 2020.
Currently, the dominant power cell manufacturers in the country are highly nickelized in layouts, and it turns out that the first producers capable of producing 811 batteries are expected to take advantage of the market. At the same time, we expect a steady increase in the penetration rate of high-energy, dense, three-dollar batteries as the policy tilts towards high-continuing mileage vehicles.
Figure 24: Comparison of power density of pine batteries (wh/kg) The three leading strong are persistently strong, looking at the company ' s follow-up and increasing competition among power cell producers in the context of accelerated industrial integration. Catl as a global power power source
The pool’s leading companies, in terms of money, customers, size, technology, and so on, are expected to continue to increase their share of the market in the larger context of the market’s gradual liquidation. Deep-ploughing domestic markets, globalization: By its client structure, catl covers the country’s mainstream new energy automobile plant.
The company, which includes the Woo-tung bus, the Golden Dragon, the new energy source of the North, the upper and the larger therm, is more rich in customers than other power and battery manufacturers in the country. And the catl is deeply tied to downstream customers, setting up joint ventures with large domestic car manufacturers like the upper and the larger ther. In terms of international market openings, the catl is now in the United States, Canada, Germany, Germany, etc.
Offices have been established in major markets such as France, Japan and the establishment of R & D centres in Germany and planning for the construction of the first overseas production base. Catl has now further cooperated with the BMW, Daimler, modern, Jaguar Road Rover, the famous business myths of Snow Dragons, the general public and Volvo, and has secured the targeting of several important projects, and the accompanying vehicle will be placed on the market in the coming years.
Step-by-step expansion of catl ' s global power cell market.  Number of matching customers  Number of matching cars
Figure 28: Catl ' s global profile. Vendors are mostly domestic producers, leading to the domesticization of the new energy industry: at the same time as rapid growth, companies are actively driving the development of the domestic upstream sector of new energy sources, with 86 per cent domestic production of the equipment and raw materials, according to company data.
Technology leads, research and development is in the forefront of the industry: catl is separated from the current consumer battery leader, atl, and power cell research and development starts high. At the same time, in terms of R & D inputs and the share of R & D personnel, catl exceeds that of the industry.
At the technical level, the energy density of catl is at the forefront of the industry in comparison with other power-powering ponds in the country, depending on the shape of the battery and the route of the technology. The leading players in the overseas power-cell market are pine, sdi, and lg chemistry, and three companies are in power-cell collars.
There are differences in the technical direction of the field: pine: three-cylinder cells are the main nca direction of the material, and the latest product, 21,700, has a single energy density of 300wh/kg, and is in the vanguard of the industry; and the domestic circle.
The column battery industry is dominated by 18650, with single energy density at 210wh/kg~250wh/kg, and three star sdi: the tristar sdi is dominated by three rectangular batteries, with a current energy density of 210~230wh/kg for the third generation of cells, with a next generation of power cells capable of reaching 280wh/kg, expected to produce in 2021.
The energy density of the domestic corporate square cell is generally around 210wh/kg. And the catl is also the main attack cell, with its highest single energy density currently at 240wh/kg, and is now planned to have a single energy density of 300~350wh/kg by 2020, the technical strength of which is now equivalent to that of the tristar sdi.
lig chemistry: LG chemistry is dominated by three-bit soft-pack cells with single-cell energy density around 240wh/kg. The current energy density of the main domestic soft-pack cells is 210wh/kg, and LG chemistry remains the highest system energy density of batteries in 2017 (wh/kg).
Lithium battery development is progressive and forward-looking, and there is a wealth of technology: according to downstream terminal customers, Catl has developed three research directions, including new energy vehicle power cell directions, new energy commercial vehicle power cells, storage cells. At the same time, in forward-looking research, in order to break the theoretical bottlenecks in lithium ion batteries and meet the higher performance of end users,
Catl is required to use solid-state batteries, lithium metal air cells, hydrogen fuel cells as the direction for future research and development. With regard to the development and industrialization of lithium ion batteries, catl divided the whole development into short-term development projects (2017-2020), medium-term development projects (2020-2030) and long-term plans (2030+) based on the progress of the development and development of different lithium ion batteries.
Short-term projects include high nickelization of lithium ion batteries, use of silicon-based materials for negative polar materials, etc., and are planned to achieve a single energy density of 300~350wh/kg by 2020; medium-term projects include a fully solid cell with a single energy density of 350~500wh/kg; and long-term planned projects are lithium metal air cells with a single energy density of 500~ 700wh/kg.
The company plans to achieve 50 gwh by 2020, with the company now owning three production bases, Fuchind, Qing Haixiing, and Jiang Su-yang, with a total capacity of 17 gwh. In 2017, the company ' s ipo raised funds to finance 24 gwh capacity expansion.
The continued rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, the high demand for power batteries, and the gradual release of catl capacity will provide a solid guarantee for its subsequent development.4 The Maori rate will be under short pressure and will wait for the post-subsidization era.
Prices are largely affected by the fall in subsidies, with the average annual drop in power cells far exceeding traditional car parts and components. According to the policy plan, subsidies will continue to decline by 2020, battery prices will remain at a medium-to-high downward trend, and battery prices are expected to be sustained gradually after the full withdrawal of subsidies after 2020.
On the raw materials side, mainly influenced by a sharp increase in the price of cobalt, the price of the positive material has risen significantly, followed by a trend towards high nickelization of the three-dollar battery, with the impact of cobalt gradually diminishing and the price of raw materials expected to remain stable. On balance, we believe that the company's Māori rate price: price pressure is still under pressure and the post-subsidization era is likely to hold: the price of the new energy car subsidy continues to fall sharply.
The average price of catl power cells fell from $2.28/wh in 2015 to $1.41/wh in 2017, a decline of almost 20% per year, well above the annual drop in traditional parts of cars. According to the policy plan, after 2020, new energy cars are subsidized or will be phased out, and battery prices will remain at a higher annual drop in the short term.
The price of power cells will no longer be subject to significant passive price reductions, while the price of the battery system will be reduced to less than $1/wh, so we believe that in the post-subsidization era, the price of power cells will be stable. Cost: positive material share will increase gradually: 70 to 80% of the cost of power batteries will be direct material costs, including positive materials
Material, negative materials, electrolytes, diaphragms, etc. The unit costs of negative materials and electrolytes remained stable and the unit costs of diaphragms decreased steadily in the 2015 - 2017 catl direct material costs. The unit costs of positive materials increased gradually as the demand for trio batteries increased.
Positive material: The trend towards high nickelization and reduced cobalt effects: of the triad positive material, the pre-triad drive accounts for about 50% of the cost of the triad positive material, while the pre-triad drive is based on nickel salt, cobalt salt, and manganese salt as raw materials. China is a poor country, the Congo accounts for more than 60% of global production, and most of China’s cobalt is imported.
Cobalt prices continued to rise in 2016, both because of the increased demand for cobalt from the rapid growth of new energy vehicles and because of the monopoly on the supply side, which made the spot market for cobalt more controlled.
The three-dollar battery currently in the market is still ncm523, and the subsequent trend of ncm811 for cobalt will be significantly reduced, while the development of ncm811 will also be a trend in order to meet the 2020 technology route planning. According to our simple calculations, in the power cell sector alone, new energy is assumed to reach 100% penetration of ncm811 by 2020.
The increase in the demand for cobalt in the source car will be significantly reduced. Cobalt prices are currently high, have less upward elasticity, and, given the subsequent increase in cobalt production, the impact of cobalt on three-dollar power cells will gradually diminish. Catl claims that plans are under way to reduce the demand for cobalt metals from next year to boost the penetration of high nickel batteries.
Under the New Energy Automobile Industry Plan, it is assumed that the sales of new energy vehicles will be 1.1 million vehicles, 1.4 million vehicles and 2 million vehicles, respectively, for the period 2018-2020: Given the declining sales prices of power cell systems, it is assumed that the Māori rate of power cell systems will be assumed for the next three years
On 26 August of the year, comparable companies were 17 times pe in 2018, below the catl equivalent valuation. In our view, catl is the engine battery of globalization, and market share is expected to rise steadily in the case of industry integration, and the market gives it higher than the industry average.
New energy vehicles are not as developed as expected and their performance is at risk of being delayed; the price of upstream raw materials has increased significantly, and the Maori rate has not been significantly increased, and will not be compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.