The company reported operating revenues of $9.36 billion in 2018, a 48.7 per cent increase.
The net profit increased by 36.55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, after deducting the impact on performance of the transfer of Pled's disposal proceeds and other non-recurring gains and losses. The Ninder era was the largest domestic power cell leader. The company's 2018h1 city accounted for 42 per cent, a further increase.
The company’s main business is divided into power cell systems, energy storage systems, and lithium battery materials.
Company channels and supply chains are high quality. Large customers are locked in downstream, and new customers are constantly expanding. The main customers are bus and car leaders. In the area of passenger cars, the main customers are Woo-tung, Kim Long: in the area of passenger cars, the company’s main customers are upper, Gilly, and North, all high-quality car companies.
Companies are actively expanding their new customers. Upstream suppliers are high-quality, guaranteeing quality of supply. Vendors are leading companies in equipment and materials, in science, science and technology, and high-quality suppliers are rapidly expanding and anchoring their production capacity. For the third year in a row, companies have maintained high levels of productivity utilization, and are on the market.
The company plans to add 24 gwh by 2021, anchoring international power cell manufacturers such as loose, lig, and Samstar, to further consolidate its market size and market penetration. The technology super-groups ensure the company’s competitiveness in the power cell sector.
The technology of catl is the leader of the industry, and years of sustained R & D investment have ensured technological excellence, while the assumption of a large number of national projects has locked in the company's advantage in the development of power cell standards. Power cells are a fast-paced industry.
The project reserve ensures that the company will remain in the lead on multiple tracks, thereby reducing the performance resulting from technological changes, and the net return profit will continue to grow at a compound rate of 8.57% over the next three years.
The Ninder era was founded in late 2011 as the power cell sector for lithium taps atl. In just a few years, the company grew up as a global leading power cell system provider, benefiting from the deep technology base of atl as it started working with BMW’s top international car company.
The creation of local sub-firms in the country, as well as the expansion of markets in France, Canada, the United States, etc., has gradually led to the achievement of full-scale output of cellular batteries. Figure 1: The development of atl and catl
Figure 2: Catl ' s equity structure and structure of the enterprise The conglomerates and Li Ping were de facto controllers with a high proportion of employees. After the company ' s listing, the Swiss courts, which had control over the company, invested 26.31% of the shares, the first shareholder; Li Ping held 5.15% of the shares, both of whom were acting together, were both public.
In addition to having a branch in Shanghai, the company also owns 23 holding subsidiaries and 11 participating companies, carrying out various types of technology promotion and business services.
The company executives have many years of experience in the industry and have been admiralized by the concept of atl. Since the company was unique in the power cell sector, most of the executives of the company have been attl for many years, not only with a great deal of certainty about the industry itself, good professional knowledge, but also with atl’s innovative style for many years.
The company’s main business structure: as a power cell tap, the company focuses on the development, production, and marketing of new energy motor battery systems, storage systems, and works to provide a first-rate solution for new energy applications around the world.
The core technological advantages and sustainable research and development capabilities in key areas of the industrial chain, such as pool systems, battery recycling, have resulted in a comprehensive and sound production service system. Its main operations are divided into the sale of power cell systems, lithium battery materials, and storage energy systems, of which motor battery systems received 87 per cent of the total revenue in 2017.
Corporate performance: The company ' s total revenue has continued to grow steadily over the last three years, with net profits increasing by 2742 per cent in the first quarter of 2018, and the sustained growth in revenue and net profits has also been largely due to the rapid development of the electric automobile industry.2 Genetic quality and better layout
2.1 The company's main business is based on batteries and materials. The company's main business is divided into power cell systems, storage systems, lithium battery materials.
The company's power cell products are predominantly square. These include cores, modules, and battery bags, which are widely applied to electric vehicles, electric buses, electric animals, etc. by using different positive materials.
The company’s power cell system meets a wide range of functional requirements, such as shutdown, fast charge, long life, long-duration mileage, with high energy density, multiple loops, safety, etc. At the same time, the company is constantly digging for additional niches, such as sanitation vehicles, port trailers, etc.
Batteries. Positive materials. Lithium phosphate.
Lithium phosphate Company produces three-dollar pre-drilling of lithium ion battery material (Nico-manganese hydroxide) through the operation of lithium ion cell materials in Guangdong Bump, the movement of valuable metals, such as nickel cobalt-manganese lithium in used lithium ion batteries through processes such as processing, refining, synthesizing, etc.
The nickel-cobalt-manganese resources are recycled in the battery industry. Guangdong Bump is the country’s leading supplier of the three-dollar pre-drive of lithium battery materials and is expected to reduce the cost of the three-dollar materials in the future.
Manganese hydroxide storage systems constitute an important supplement to the industry. The storage energy system is not currently the company’s main profit-making tool, but it is expected to increase further in the future as a share of the public sector’s main business. The company’s storage energy system uses phosphate lithium mainly as a positive material for products.
Square batteries are dominated, produce for power generation, power transmission and distribution, cover large solar or wind power storage, industrial energy storage, commercial building and data centre storage, storage power recharge stations, communications base back-up batteries, etc. As the national power system is reformed, there is an increasing tendency to use storage to cover peaks, and storage has developed rapidly in recent years.
The main clients are bus and car locomotive companies, which are in the area of passenger cars.
The main clients are Woo-tung, Kim Long; in the area of passenger cars, the company's main customers are upper, Gilly, and North. They're all high-quality car companies. At the same time, the company actively expands its new customers. In 2015, 2016, the company's top five clients sold up to 80% of the company's operating income, but the index fell to 50% in 2017.
Quality of suppliers to ensure the quality of raw materials. The suppliers of companies are all high-quality enterprises, and the raw materials are the leading companies in the materials, and the shares of Devonami, Kodali, Betry and Sugigi are the leading suppliers.
The raw materials account for about 40% of the total cost, and as the prices of lithium carbonate and cobalt soared in both years, the share of raw materials increased further. Active layout battery recovery, completion of industrial closures, focused on long-term cost reduction.
The rapid development of the used and end-of-life battery recycling industry will also provide an opportunity for companies to maximize the use of resources and effectively improve control over the supply and cost of critical materials.
In 2017, companies accounted for 34% of the market. In the first half of 2018, firms accounted for 42% of the market.
Battery capacity expands rapidly and anchors the world. The company peaked in power cell sales for the first time in 2017, and its capacity utilization has remained high. The company's listed funds are mainly to compensate for the shortfall in capacity. By 2021, the company plans to add 24gwh capacity to further consolidate its market size and market penetration.
By the end of 2017, companies and their subsidiaries had patented and licensed 2,866 items covering materials, core design, batteries, battery packages, storage systems, etc.
The company has a total of 34,425 R & D personnel, and has also brought in a number of high-level national and international professionals, including two national 1,000 plan specialists and six Fujian 100 plan and innovation professionals, with a far higher average share of R & D staff in the industry as a whole. Technology is too strong to cover a large number of national projects.
The project, which covers materials, core designs, devices and processes, batteries, electrical and electronics, battery packages, storage systems, mobile power sources, etc., has also accumulated a number of core technologies in the process, receiving national and provincial awards. Thus, corporate technology has a certain orientation for the industry, and multi-technical reserves have ensured a shift in future power cell technology pathways.
Table 8: Catl takes the lead in the technology, so it's clear that the company quickly became the leader of the power cell based on its super-group technological power.
The company anchors the global power cell taps, actively expands and expands the market rate. Technically, there are a number of patents and project reserves, thus ensuring technological sophistication to respond to the changing power cell industry.
3) As a result of declining sales prices for power cell systems, it is assumed that the Māori rate for power cell systems will be 31 per cent over the next three years) and that, as the volume of corporate sales increases, the three fees will fall from year to year, assuming a decrease of 1 per cent per year, on the basis of the above assumptions, our sub-business projections for the Ningde era are as follows:
From 2018 to 2020, the company is expected to have an average of 1.65 yuan, 2.01 yuan, 2.23 yuan. The average value of the new energy vehicle is 27 times that of the company, and 22 times that of the company; given that the company is a second-in-command high-tech leader, the market is rising and has a strong market pricing power and should have enjoyed a premium on valuation. We give the company 45 times that price in 2018.
As a result of the increased concentration of downstream industries, there is a risk that the accounts receivable of individual clients will become bad debts; new products will not open up new markets as expected, creating a risk of fluctuations in performance, and Noro has not received, nor will it receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.