The chemical light leads to a rapid growth of the ivd plate and the volume of ultrasound new products.
Incident: On the evening of 27 October 2022, the company issued its third quarter report for 2022: $8.102 billion in profits, an increase of 21.60 per cent in the same year; $8.04 billion in non-net profits, an increase of 22.30 per cent in the same year.
By the end of the third quarter, corporate contract liabilities stood at $1.692 billion, compared to the end of the second quarter, of which $7,940 billion was earned by the company in the third quarter of 2022, an increase of $1 billion, or 23.35 per cent. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $2,665 million.
The impact of the epidemic has improved, and chemical light operations have led to an increase in ivd. Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Regional dimensions: (i) with the arrival of local government-issued health-related funds in the first half of the year
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan), the continued positive contribution of the advance of the new medical infrastructure to the growth of the domestic market, coupled with an improvement in the impact of the three-quarter epidemic on conventional operations compared to the second-quarter period, and the company ' s domestic municipalities
Three months of rapid growth. (2) Although overseas markets are facing complex and difficult economies, Méri Medical Services (300,760) Méri Medical Reviews, companies rely on hard product quality, strong value-for-money advantages, and further improvements.
Report: A robust offshore marketing system driven by new heavy pounds, with sustained substantial progress on high-end client breakthroughs overseas, with growth and continued expansion of new medical infrastructure
North America and developing countries have achieved rapid growth in the third quarter - 2022/08/20 production line dimensions: (1) full recovery and heavy weight instruments benefiting from conventional reagent operations overseas
M.M.I.D. (300760) M.M.I.E.E.P., which achieved a high rate of growth in vitro diagnostic operations in the third quarter, in which chemistry was reported: steady growth in performance throughout the year, in-country medical care
Light leads are growing. (2) The new high-end ultrasoundr series and the new medium-end ultrasoundi series are rapidly expanding the market for new capital-accelerating medical devices.
- 2022/04/20 Rapid growth. (3) Continued progress through new domestic medical infrastructure and high-end overseas breakthroughs, Murray Medical (300760).
Life information and support operations have maintained a good growth trend, increasing the pace of the quarterly round-up, with a point-of-view: the release of a draft staff-holding plan, in which minor surgical operations have doubled.
Phase-by-step refinement of the Long-Efficiencies Incentives (LIRs)
Murray's medical evaluation report Erase the associated risks; exchange rate fluctuations; industry policy risk; and product price risk decline.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report