Three-quarterly review in 2022: performance met expectations, new capital wave continued to benefit from 27 October 2022, with steady growth in the three core operations
Net cash flow of $6,742 million (+10.57 per cent); performance in line with our expectations. Improved impact of single-quarter epidemic, combined domestic and external operations: improved impact of 2022q3 epidemic on regular operations compared to the second quarter, rapid growth of domestic markets during the reporting period; offshore markets
In the context of a complex international situation, companies have made substantial and sustained progress overseas on high-end client breakthroughs, thanks to the hard quality of their products, strong value-for-money advantages and progressive offshore marketing systems, with North America and developing countries achieving rapid growth during the reporting period.
▪ The new capital boom has continued, and the company has benefited from it: the new health infrastructure has continued to expand in recent years, and as the funds earmarked for health care by local governments have gradually been made available in the first half of the year, the continuation of the new health infrastructure has made an important positive contribution to the growth of the domestic market.
The NRC’s follow-up on interest-bearing lending policy further stimulates demand for medical equipment, with more than $20 billion in demand for loans related to the company’s products. In our view, in the context of the continuing surge in new infrastructure for medical care, the company’s three core business life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery and new infrastructure for medical care are all linked to new infrastructure.
With the company’s past building of service platforms, distribution channels, and well-developed product lines, it is expected to take advantage of the policy winds and fully enjoy the incremental market generated by the new infrastructure of medical care. ▪ Three core businesses have grown steadily, contributing continuously to the company’s performance: benefiting from the recovery of medical services abroad
In addition to the company's bright-looking performance of heavy-pound instruments, the company's ivd business grew rapidly, with chemistry in its annual report: domestic performance steadily increased, light-led growth increased, and we expect more than 60 per cent of the annual increase in overseas revenues from chemical light; and oversounding.
The recovery of overseas operations is evident. Warming of procurement activities, as well as the break-up of offshore high-end customers from the company's completely new high-end ultrasound and medium-high-end ultrasound rapidly up, image operations have also grown rapidly; the epidemic has disturbed life letters.
The growth of interest and support plates has remained good, with a doubling of seed business micro-surgery. Murray Medical (300,760): Moving ahead with swords, we expect life information and support operations revenue to grow at about 15% in the first three quarters.
At the foot of the home-grown medical equipment carrier road, business income has increased by about 25% on a year-on-year basis, and by about 20% on medical imagery.  Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain a net return profit for 2022-2024, respectively
Three financial forecasts for Murray's Medical Services.