Murray's medical performance has grown steadily, and the new infrastructure has continued to help, making a profit of 2,815 million yuan (+21.40 per cent). The new health infrastructure in the country has continued to boost its performance, with three quarters of the epidemic.
At the same time, the company’s performance in high-end client breakthroughs in overseas markets grew steadily. The company’s business income of 2022q1-q3 was $23.296 billion, an increase of 20.13 per cent, and its net return profit of $8.102 billion, an increase of 21.60 per cent.
The company’s domestic market has grown rapidly, the new health infrastructure has continued to boost the company’s performance, and the impact of the epidemic on regular operations has improved in three quarters over the second quarter. Meanwhile, the company 2022q3 is at the top of the foreign market, thanks to its hard product quality, strong value-for-money advantages and further developed overseas marketing systems.
Client breakthroughs continued, with rapid growth in markets in North America and developing countries. Business lines were bright.
Medical imagery grew rapidly in the first three quarters of 2022, and the new high-end ultrasound system and the new middle-end ultrasound 1 series quickly led to breakthroughs in the high-end client base, both within and outside the country. As the first three quarters of the country maintained a good growth pattern, the speed of growth rose quarterly, with a slight increase in surgical operations.
Keeping up the research and development inputs and keeping the product up to date. Research and development costs for 2022q1-q3 are 2,087 million yuan, along with new products such as 14 submodules of soluble white cell partition antigens and six chemical luminous reagents for white cytogens, eu8600 full automatic urine, liquid analysis water flow lines and ancillary reagents; and the introduction of super-high-end tablets of poc in the field of medical imagery.
Supertex20, Grassroots Super Solutions Conson 9/8/7/6, Special ophthalmology Super "Zs3ocular", Uninvented Quantified Hepatus 6/5 and New Double Pillar Fixed Drdigieye 330/35 series, new products such as ts30 and ts60pro telemetry product, easily supervised 2.0 students in the area of life information and support
New products, such as state systems, abdominal cosmology kits, one-time ligature clips, etc.
Breakthrough Accelerator 20220822 Collection of Price Reduction Risks; Exchange Rate Exchange Rate Risk; New Products Market Expansion Less than Expected; Technology R & D Failure
M.M.M.I.S. International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.