Good performance, benefiting from new medical infrastructure and high-end breakthroughs overseas
• The performance of the first three quarters of 2022 was excellent, with 20 per cent steady growth certainty steadily increasing. Companies achieved $7,940 million in revenue, an increase of 20.07 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers was 2,815 million, an increase of 21.4 per cent, net profit for non-mortality, an increase of 23.35 per cent in the same year.
The previous valuation was low and the company is expected to maintain a longer-term robust growth and a “buy-in” rating.
Since September, when the country’s regular meeting and the Health and Safety Board issued a policy of interest on medical equipment, market increases have been further released, requiring more than $20 billion in corporate product-related demand. We judge that a more competitive marketing channel, based on a well-developed integrated product solution, is likely to win.
The single-rate guarantee, which is expected to lead to steady, high-speed growth over the next two to three quarters, is expected to be phased in. With a well-developed offshore marketing system that has strong product quality, strong value for money, and improved overseas, substantial progress has been made overseas on high-end client breakthroughs, with rapid growth in North America and developing countries.
• The in vitro diagnostic plate has grown rapidly, the medium- and high-end ultrasound product has made a breakthrough in the offshore high-end client community, the full recovery from conventional reagent consumption abroad and the bright performance of company heavy-pound products, and the in vitro diagnostic plate has grown at a high rate during the reporting period, with chemical light leading growth.
The series and the new medium-to-high-end ultrasound 1 series have brought about rapid breakthroughs in high-end clients, both within and outside the country, and have enabled the medical industry to achieve a rapid growth in the international high-end market and video operations during the reporting period.
Breakthrough - Corporate Information Update Report 2022.8.21 Continues, life information and support operations have maintained a good growth trend during the reporting period, with the speed of growth running quarterly, the two-wheel drive of “New Capitals for Medical + Overseas Outreach”,
At the same time, the company’s “3Rs” ecosystem performance accelerated the pace of the nation’s production apparatus to the new steps – the company’s bright eye, the number of single hospitals awarded by the “Rishki League” was 320, and the number of “Swiss Shadow ++” installed was close.
First Cover Report 2022.5.3 2,500 sets of “Swiss Inspections” cumulatively installed 110 machines, leading to higher value for sales at the regional level.