A steady increase in performance, with continued benefits from the new capital of medical care
Net profits of $80.04 billion, 22.30 per cent higher compared to the previous period, and operating cash flows of $6.74 billion, or 10.57 per cent higher than the previous quarter. Operating revenues of $7.94 billion were realized in the third quarter, or 20.07 per cent higher compared to the previous quarter. Overall growth was steady, with a slight excess of expectations: corporate revenue profits continued in the third quarter.
20% + steady growth, moderate impact of the epidemic in the revenue-producing countries in the third quarter, and the sale of diagnostic reagents, in particular, are expected to return to high growth in chemical light products, and life information and video production lines are expected to grow at a much faster rate than overseas market space, which remains the main battleground for company growth in the future.
Incentive cost amortization increases, but at the same time there is a higher exchange rate gain due to the devaluation of the renminbi, faster profits, and higher profitability. The new domestic medical infrastructure is the driving force behind the company’s recent growth in performance: the epidemic since 2020.
The country’s new health infrastructure is moving fast, and Murray has maintained a high rate of success in the core product series. A regular September loan of $1.7 trillion for scientific research and medical equipment has been proposed, which foresees an investment of not less than $200 billion in the field of medical equipment, which will greatly improve medical equipment in the country’s hospitals.
Investing in capacity to make up for the two years of underinvestment while accelerating national production in the field of high-end medical equipment is an important development opportunity for Murray, with a steady increase in performance from the fourth quarter of this year to the next year.
Percentage points, mainly exchange rate gains; operating cash flows of $6,742 million, compared to growth Investment proposals: Murray is the leading provider of the country's products and the most powerful marketer of medical devices, and a high-end, diversified and globalized development strategy helps companies grow into global medical devices
Lead. We expect the company ' s net return profit for 2022-2024 to fall short of expectations for equipment orders, the geopolitical impact of overseas sales, and the risk of new product R&D not progressing as expected, respectively.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.