Medical Group q3 performed as expected and policies such as interest rates contributed to robust growth
In the third quarter of 2022, the company is expected to earn about 20 million yuan, an increase of about 20%. In overseas markets, under economic pressure, the domestic market spreads the epidemic.
Under the circumstances, companies have continued to grow robustly, benefiting mainly from the robust development of new domestic health infrastructure.
Policies such as fiscal interest rates have laid a solid foundation for sustained performance growth. In recent days, the National Health Board's Financial Development 2. The Annual and Quarterly Reports have grown steadily, and the Development and Innovation Assistance (R & D) policy loans have been issued to update and upgrade medical equipment.
3. The Equity Plan shows confidence in the long term of the company and, according to the company ' s investor relations records, has so far reported more than 200 billion yuan in medical care.
The demand for loans for therapeutic equipment is expected to exceed $20 billion in connection with the company’s products.
A comprehensive approach to deep-farming around in-house demand is expected to take the lead in seizing market opportunities. The company’s home-grown high-quality medical equipment industry, with its three basic businesses plus four seed businesses, leads to robust growth.
The value of integrated programmes, driven by the current demand for national production replacement + in-house equipment + medical infrastructure, is highlighted by the fact that companies are expected to benefit first from the accumulation of advantages in the long-term development process.
Policies such as clustering risk of price reduction over and above expectations; exchange rate risk; R & D progress below expectations; market competition; increased risk; risk of recurring epidemics; and analysis of relevant reporting rating ratios in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment