Three-quarter performance growth with interest-bearing loan policy improving performance
The company is expected to earn about $7.9 billion in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of about 20 per cent in the same year, and a net return of about $2.8 billion, an increase of about 20 per cent in the same year.
According to the company announcement, in the third quarter of 2022, despite the impact of the worsening economic situation abroad and the recurrent effects of the domestic epidemic, it benefited from the strong development of new domestic medical infrastructure and the continued recovery of regular global operations, while the company continued to strengthen its internal management and continuously improve its efficiency.
A robust growth in corporate operating income and net profits has been achieved.The policy on interest-rate loans for the purchase of medical equipment enhances the potential for performance development.
In September, the National Health Board launched a policy on the use of interest-bearing loans for the purchase of medical equipment, which is now fast-tracked, funds for the purchase of conventional equipment at all levels of health care are strongly supported, and the Department is confident that it will meet its 2022 year-round performance targets.
Of the more than $200 billion in demand for loans for medical equipment, it is expected that more than $20 billion will be required for loans related to the company’s products. We believe that this policy will enhance the company’s potential for performance development.
\triangleright reports that the company already has a large number of products and technologies that meet the requirements of innovative medical devices, such as the blood and fluid dynamics parameters of the monitor, the ai viewing technology of the blood cell, ultrasound domain imaging and cut wave elastic imaging.
The company's ultrasound optical imaging product and the blood cell's ai viewer have passed an innovative review by the National Drug Control Service, the immuno-inflammation-assisted diagnostic product has passed an innovative review by the Guangdong Provincial Drug Monitoring Service, and more products will be declared in the future.
The performance of the Division is expected to continue to grow.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
He was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel, and joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 for research in the cxo industry. He joined the Sinda Securities in December for research in scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics from the University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. He worked at the Minya Foundation, where he joined the Sunda securities industry in 2022, where he was responsible for research on medicine consumption and raw materials.
Sheng Zhao, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022, and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.