We've got a three-quarter review in 2022. October 28th, 2022.
Events: The company released its 2022 Quarterly report, which generated business income of $23.296 billion, an increase over the same period in the previous year. Wei Hongmei's 2022 Quarterly Report, which maintained a fast and steady growth in the company's performance.
During the same period, net repatriation was achieved at a rate of more than 20% in both the first three quarters of the year, with rapid and steady growth. Multi-factor drivers of growth in corporate performance. (1) In terms of regional dimensions, the domestic market, health care, is the source of growth.
The advancement of new infrastructure, the gradual arrival of government funds dedicated to medical care and the erosion of the impact of the epidemic on conventional operations have led to an increase in corporate domestic revenue; overseas, the company marketing system has continued to improve, with high-end clients coming in on 27 October 2022.
(ii) From a product point of view, the first three quarters of the year saw an increase in the in vitro diagnostic operations, mainly from the full recovery of conventional reagent operations abroad and the bright-eye-loading of heavy-pound instruments, where chemical light products are present; medical video operations are growing rapidly, mainly in the new heights.
End-and-end ultrasound and all-new medium- and high-end ultrasound i series rapidly up; life information and support operations maintained a good growth, with micro-surgery doubling.
Corporate profitability is stable. In the first three quarters of 2022, the Māori sales rate was 64.3%, a decrease of 1.3 percentage points from the previous period, presumably due to a faster increase in the revenues from the relatively low Māori in vitro diagnostic operations. During the same period, the net interest rate on corporate sales was 34.8%, an increase of 0.43 percentage points from the same period.
In the third quarter of 2022,1 in the area of life information and support, the company launched a telemetry product of ts30, a telemetry product of ts60pro, an easily supervised 2.0 ecosystem, an abdominal mirror appliance, and a single ligation.
New products such as sub-type and white cytogen six chemical luminous reagents, eu8600 full auto-urinary analysis of water currents and formulation of reagents;3 in the field of medical imagery, the company launched Poc super-high-end flatboard super ocular, Uninvented-Quantified Hepatus 6/5, new double-column fixed drdigieye
New products such as 330/350 series. Investment proposals: companies are at the forefront of domestic medical equipment, innovation is combined with brand power, product volatility risks; business management risks; product R & D risks; sales of new products fall short of expected risks.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.