2203 Performance meets expectations and platform-based, high-end enablers continue to grow Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) . 22q3 performance increases are expected and performance under platform advantage is stable and high-level growth is certain
2022q3 achieved operating income of $7.94 billion (yoy+20.07 per cent) and net repatriation due mainly to a slight difference in the share of the company ' s different business structures in each quarter. 22q3 net sales companies have maintained growth of more than 20 per cent per quarter since 2018, none at all.
The idea is whether to capture the demand for disease-related products during the new crown epidemic, or whether the demand for post-epidemiological medical infrastructure, the full coverage of the company's three product lines, low-end high-school products, the field of business, across the sea and beyond, the powerful platform advantage, the constant image of Murray's brand, is public.
• The ivd line is expected to continue to lead to corporate business growth, with product high-end and client high-end growth being the core growth sub-product line, benefiting from the full recovery of conventional reagent operations overseas and the light of heavy-pound instruments
In addition, the new high-end ultrasound series and the new medium-to-high-end ultrasound-i series are rapidly on the rise, and the high-end client base, both inside and outside, has also grown rapidly. Medical imagery has grown rapidly.
The new infrastructure of in-house medicine and high-end breakthroughs overseas have continued, and life information and support operations have been maintained.
In the field of in vitro diagnosis, 2022q3, companies introduced soluble white cell partition antigen 14 subtype and white cytosol 6 chemical photoreagent, eu8600 full automatic urine analysis stream 1.
New products, such as water lines and reagents. In the field of medical imagery, the company has launched Poc super-high-end flat-board supertext20, grass-roots super-cam solutions Conson9/8/7/6, professional ophthalmology 2. Benefiting from the new global medical infrastructure, corporate performance.
In the area of life information and support, companies have introduced telemetry products such as ts30 and ts60pro, telecommunications 2.0 ecosystems, abdominal cavity.
New products, such as mirror accessories, one-time ligature clips. The introduction of these new products is a step forward in enhancing the ability of the company’s overall solutions to meet the needs of its clients at different levels.
Contact person: Li Xing, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research on medical devices and the ivd industry. The information and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively using legal compliance information, and the data and information used in this report are from publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.