Long-term risk-free in-depth studies/transport and duty-free operations continue to be the main contradiction between Shanghai airport stock prices.
Since 2016, benefiting from the new round of tax-free bidding and the rapid growth of the tax-free industry, a share of the airport block has experienced a round of value-reconstructing developments, as the airport duty-free business is simultaneously characterized by a certain level of performance (base rent plus need for clarity) and a high profile and growth of the cosmetics industry (one of the important channels for foreign cosmetics sales).
The airport unit valuation system began to shift from the traditional transport/utility unit to the consumer unit. Shanghai Airport, a typical representative of this, benefited from a high rate of tax-free sales in the first seven months of the year, with a market value of more than $170 billion (equivalent to 19-year-old Pe33x).
In the short term, we judge that the rate of tax-free sales at Shanghai airport is expected to improve at 1q20.
The slow pace of tax-free sales at the q4-Pudong airport, compared to the trend at depth of 300, is either a long-term endogenous slowdown or subject to short-term external factors, which is an important basis for determining whether the current valuation system will be sustainable in the future.
The latter has a higher weight in it. With a number of factors improving in 2020, we expect a recovery in the rate of tax-free sales at the Pudong Airport, including additional space for satellite hall duty-free stores, potential policy liberalization, and time-time capacity increases.
In the long run, the tax-free growth space at Pudong Airport is still high, with supercentre configurations of significant value, compared to the well-developed South Korea in the tax-exempt industry, China’s residents still have low internal tax-free shopping penetration rates. Even assuming that the current distribution structure at Pudong Airport is maintained, we expect duty-free sales at Pudong Airport to be on a conversion rate by 2025.
In the context of the rise, it is still expected to reach 30 billion. If there is a future improvement in the sale of fine products, the overall sales will be global, with airport listing companies generally valued at between 20 and 40 x, but with different components for airports in countries at different stages of development. Emerging market countries benefit from faster-growing international brigades.
Shanghai Airport (60009): The rate of tax-exempt income has slowed, and differences remain between the discounted present value of the company dcf and the company's current market value under a prudent scenario, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. Shanghai Airport (60009): The continued high level of non-air revenue, with concern that the launch of satellite halls in the second half of the year resulted in less than expected tax-free sales; that the growth was not always as high as expected; and that the opening of duty-free cities had an impact on the tax-free airport.
Company profile: Supercentre air terminal in the Long Triangle. Basic information: Shanghai Pundong International Airport is located in the coastal Haitian belt on the south shore of the Shanghai Yangtze River, occupying more than 50 square miles of land, approximately 30 kilometres from the heart of Shanghai and about 40 kilometres from the Rainbow Bridge airport, the largest international passenger toll in the mainland region.
The large international complex portal hub airport, located throughout the Great China Region, is second only to Hong Kong's international ownership structure: Shanghai Airport landed in February 1998a and Pudong Airport was replaced at the end of 2003. As of the end of June 2019, the shareholders in the company were Shanghai Airport (Group) Limited, with 53.25 per cent of the shares in actual control.
The company holds the Shanghai International Airport Ground Services Ltd. and Shanghai Airport.