24q3 power generation ratio + 15%, and 4 1 have contributed significantly - China Guangnu Tri Quarterly Review in 2024, China Guangnu (003816.sz)
The net return to the mother was $9.98 billion (excluding $9.74 billion), compared to +2.93 per cent (excluding the same amount + 0.91 per cent), while the small decline in the deduction of non-roe was mainly influenced by a decline in the Māori rate and an increase in the cost of R & D. 24q3, pottery
The company's roe is 2.46%, which is almost the same as the previous year; the non-roe 2.37%, which is 0.06 pct less than the previous year. But, as a result of increased R & D inputs, R & D costs increased by between 57% and 575 million yuan over the same year, driving R & D, Liang Yonan
A significant increase in the contribution of 4-1s and a faster increase in power generation of 24q3. 24q3, a subsidiary of the company, achieved 51,317 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, a 15 per cent increase in the same year; of these, the anti-city nuclear power plant and the nuclear power plant in Taisan were launched by unit 4 of the anti-city terminal on 25 May 2024 and unit 1 in 2023.
Reconnection was restored on November 27, which contributed significantly to the generation of electricity in three quarters. 24q3, a 13.374 billion kilowatt-hour increase compared to the 13.374 million kilowatt-hours of nuclear power generated along the river by a company consortium, with a projected major number of days of major repairs.
We expect to see, by the same date, that the company's power generation capacity will continue to increase in fleets 4 and 1 in Taisan. With regard to large-scale repairs, according to the company's announcement, in addition to the major overhauls that have been initiated (which we expect to focus on Red River 2), the 24q4 plan is to conduct three new annual overhauls; and 23q4 BC.
The Division completed three major annual and one 10-year overhauls, one ten-year overhaul and one annual overhaul; on the whole, major repairs were made or less than during the same period last year. 16 nuclear power units were approved for fcd and were under construction (including 8 commissioned by the shareholders of the company).
One is in the commissioning phase, four are in the installation phase, two are in the civil construction phase and nine are in the fcd preparation phase. In 2025-2029, the company is expected to have 1, 2, 2, 1 and 1 crew.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.