Eastern wealth: From a small asset to a traditional leader -- why do you think Eastern wealth has a chance to be revalued this year? The fund and the stock tag-subversive business center are changing over time.
In the company’s historical revenue structure, the company’s wealth is largely dominated by brokerage and the sale of funds from the East’s network of funds.
One of the first companies in the country to enter the field of fund sales is a rich source of experience and resources. The rich Eastern wealth conglomerates have large user groups and powerful brand influence, which transform users through this way, with marginal costs significantly lower than those of traditional coupons.
In recent years, Eastern wealth has generated more than 5 billion dollars in economic operations, credit operations have reached more than 2 billion standards, and the share of economic and credit businesses in the city has been rising year by year. Meanwhile, companies have been increasing their investment in heavy capital operations in recent years to cope with the impact of the downward adjustment of brokerage commissions, so that the public sector’s heavy assetization, the roe hub, and the decline in valuations are expected to rise steadily in the future, as public fund-raising boots fall.
Starting with the light asset model Brokering and fund sales are valued high in the market. First, the Internet model shapes the new flag of the voucher: the company's founding history.
In the company's history, the Eastern Wealth Network was established in 2005: a professional-to-fiscal portal to provide investors with a variety of financial information and financial data services; and a “equity bar” stock exchange community was created in 2006 to provide information and advice to investors at large.
A platform for opinion, emotional exchange; the launch of the Sky Fund Network in 2007, mainly for the development and detailed information of the Fund. At the beginning of the company’s creation, the main business model was similar to the other Internet sites of the pc era.
Companies, realized mainly by attracting the natural flow of the public domain in demand for financial information, and by enhancing user stickyness through the “equity bar” community forum, and eventually by advertising at the end of the web; and on this basis, Eastern wealth also targets shareholders.
For rigid stock demand, a pc end-of-life trading terminal has been developed, and additional services are charged for special features for customers who need them. At this stage, Eastern wealth collection is dominated by advertising revenue and software service charges.
I. The Internet model shapes the new poles of the coupon: in 2005, on the Eastern Wealth Net, a share hit the highest ever-growing cattle market, from 998 points in June 2005 to 6124 points in October 2007, when a large number of new investors came into the market as a result of the widespread profit-making effects of the market during that period, while the Public Fund was at this stage
The traditional information distribution platform has excellent flow-driven capacity, but its users are relatively less sticky. However, the socialized Eastern wealth network has been effective in increasing user participation and loyalty by meeting users’ investment exchange needs.
The Pacific Institute of Research has organized the Internet model to shape the new flag of the coupon: so far, there is still a high flow, and the company, with its well-developed ecological system, its pre-existing advantages, and its help with the bull market, has built up a large group of highly sticky users in the early stages of its development.
First, the Internet model shapes new coupons: funds and stock plates are at the heart of the company’s operations, and the liquidity model is changing.
In 2012, the Independent Fund's sales license plate was issued with the approval of the CSRC. Prior to that, most of the funds in the industry were sold through banking channels, while Eastern wealth was one of the first four companies to be approved. After obtaining the official license plate, Eastern wealth accumulated for many years and new liquidity channels were created based on user demand for the Fund's investments.
The first Internet voucher dealer opened a new chapter in the stock market. With two cattle markets, the capital strength of Eastern wealth was greatly enhanced, so in 2015 the company acquired 100% of the shares in the Tibetan peer bond at a price of $4 billion by issuing shares and collecting matching funds, thus becoming the first Internet voucher dealer, and since 2015 and 2016, the CSRC’s regulation of the acquisition of securities plates by Internet companies has become increasingly tight, making it difficult for them to reach the Internet in the short term.
Figure 6: Stockholders' Stock Exchanges Summary I. Internet Models Shaping Bonders' New Marks: Internet Marketing Models have a birthright marginal cost advantage and, ultimately, Eastern wealth with a security license plate has a variety of elements such as flow, product, operation, license plates, etc. at this stage, and its Internet service is basically closed.
The company as a whole has become a one-stop Internet financial service provider that provides securities, funds, financial services, financial communities, instant information, and professional data as a whole. Users can view daily transactions and access financial information by accessing the Internet pages of the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and the East Fiscal App.
Stock or fund transactions, supported by value-added services in terms of data and financing, are becoming more smooth with official financial plates. At the same time, the Internet, in contrast to the expansionary pattern of traditional bond dealers, is naturally responsible for a very low acquisition cost for Eastern wealth.
I. The Internet model shapes the new poles of bond dealers: financial data rises from year to year Internet voucher dealers starting from the light asset model High market valuation of brokerage operations and fund sales
In the corporate income structure, mainly securities and fund sales (financial e-commerce services) of the Sky Fund Network. In addition to the two pillars, the share of online advertising sales with financial data services is relatively low, and advertising is driven by the company’s growing eco-environment towards the mobile end of the business.
Declines; financial data service operations are subject to the strong competition of the seller’s financial data end market, resulting in slower expansion. Second, (i) the business of traditional bond dealers is growing rapidly and the market’s share rate is rising.
Interest income credit operations; management of assets by proxy clients, mainly for overheads; self-employment of investments with own funds; and assistance to investment banks that earn commissions in such areas as equity, bond financing, and merger and re-purchase restructuring. The economy, credit, capital management, self-employment, and investment banks make up the bulk of the bond dealers’ income.
In contrast to traditional bond dealers, we can see that the revenue from the Chinese securities is mainly derived from self-employment and fees, while the share of eastern wealth in brokering and interest income is higher than it is every year, but the contribution of the fund to sales still stands. Thus, Eastern wealth is still relatively “light” compared to traditional bond dealers.
In the years that followed, the company’s economic operations and credit operations made a leap forward. In recent years, the income from the economic business of the East’s wealth has exceeded 5 billion dollars, and credit operations have reached more than 2 billion dollars.
Economic and credit operations have seen a year-on-year rise in the city’s share, and Eastern wealth has grown in reverse in 2018 and 2022, when the market performed poorly. Second, (ii) the fund sector has grown rapidly, and the scale of sales has grown rapidly.
Large brand influence can provide greater visibility and awareness of the Fund’s products. The Māori ratio of its fund’s sales operations is much higher than that of other major businesses, mainly because the Fund’s sales revenue is made up of two sectors: recognition (requirement), foreclosure (flow income) and tail commission, sales services (stock income) and sales services (stock income), with a relatively simple profit model with a cost advantage for light asset operations.
II. (ii) The fund industry is growing rapidly, and the scale of sales is growing rapidly. In the Eastern Wealth Consolidated Statement, the Fund’s sales are counted under the Financial Electronic Commerce project. After obtaining the Independent Fund’s sales license in 2012, a share came back to another cow market, with a long line of concepts, such as the Internet and others, and market turnover and the size of the fund.
The size of the Fund has risen rapidly, and in 2015, it was able to break the $2 trillion mark, with a surplus of more than 2,000. And the heat of the Fund’s market has generated large amounts of revenue for Easterners, such as subscriptions, requisitions, ransoms, etc. In the statement, it is reflected in a cross-cutting increase in the share of revenue generated by financial e-commerce operations. From 2019 to 2021, public fund sales have increased across the board, with public fund holdings breaking the 20 trillion mark for the first time.
In the case of the replacement commission, despite the fact that the subscription rates have been consistently low in recent years, the combined tailings have remained high, and the fund has been running for many years before the drop in the current round.
The increase in size, coupled with the increase in tailings, has led to continued growth in the fund sales of Eastern wealth, both in terms of revenue collection and profit margins.
According to the industry-wide foundation company ' s 2021 report, a total of $41 billion was paid to the sales channel: $41 billion for customer maintenance, $19 billion for sales services, $116 billion for subscription requisitions, $15 billion for ransom, 30 per cent for customer maintenance and nearly 70 per cent for transaction costs.
II. (iii) Light assets also provide the highest valuation of Eastern wealth in the securities industry. The advantage of the Eastern Wealth Fund’s marketing structure is that the light asset model is accepted by the market, as we can see in comparison with the traditional bond dealer’s leader in roe, pb. The market has in recent years given the East a higher valuation of its wealth.
High market valuation of brokerage operations and fund replacements III. Analysis of the operating and financial situation: (i) Risk reduction of income from fund reductions
On 16 September 2022, the Office of the State Council issued an opinion on " Further optimization of the business environment and reduction of the transaction costs of market-based systems " , article 8 of which refers to encouraging securities, funds, guarantees, etc. to further reduce service charges and to promote a reasonable reduction in the financial infrastructure for transactions, trusteeship, registration, liquidation, etc.; on 8 July 2023, the CSRC issued a reform of the rates of public funds, including, inter alia, a reduction in the rates of active equity funds.
Host rates not to exceed 1.2 per cent, 0.2 per cent, stock product management rates, hosting rates to be reduced to less than 1.2 per cent and 0.2 per cent by 2024, introduction of more floating rate products, including those linked to the size of the fund and performance-related, reduction of the commission rate for securities trading in the public funds, with the proposed progressive regulation of commission rates for securities trading in the public funds, reforms related to changes in the relevant legislation, regulation of the sales chain charges of the fund, amendment of the regulations, integration of incentives for investors and mobilization of sales agencies, one
(iii) Analysis of the operating and financial situation: (i) risk mitigation of income generated by the Fund's reduced fees;
Among the two policies that have had a greater impact on Eastern Wealth Fund sales are the decline in tailings caused by the fall in management fees for new and existing products. Of course, for the majority of public funds, sales of tailings are not conducive to sales.
(ii) At the beginning of the market, Eastern wealth workers were made up mainly of technicians with lower per capita remuneration costs, but as the portfolio continued to grow, the number of employees and their salaries increased, the proportion of talent in the traditional financial categories increased and corporate spending increased.
III. OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: (iii) Competition in future economic operations, leading to a further decline in commission rates
The commission rate will also continue to migrate to the cost line, with the possibility of eventually approaching the fee, while the relatively high share of eastern wealth brokering will continue to be hit. With the CSRC ' s August 2020 Third Party Rental Network,
The platform launched its securities operations regulations (pilot) policy, which is expected to relax and increase competition in the Internet voucher market. For Eastern wealth, it is facing a flow of large Internet platforms, such as evangelism, Ali, USA, 100 degrees, etc.
The volume challenge is that the flow costs associated with the development of corporate brokerage and credit operations may face a passive rise. Thirdly, business and financial analysis: (iv) To counter the downside of commissions, the share of money-type operations is also increasing.
Whether it is the pressure of commissions from retail operations or the downward adjustment of the rates from public funds, Eastern wealth is currently facing the double effects of market competition and regulatory policies, and in order to withstand the pressure of declining commissions, firms have in recent years begun to expand their own funds to expand the size of mixed and self-employed businesses. However, the implementation of the strategy has had some other implications.
From January 22 years onwards, the share price of Eastern wealth has been continuously adjusted, indicating market concerns about the company’s weighting of assets and the sustainability of Roe. The light asset model has started.
Brokering and fund sales received high market valuations IV. Analysis of the operating and financial situation: (i) Sky Fund Network continues to be a mainstream online distribution channel
In terms of wealth accumulation and configuration, the wealth management track is on the rise. The business model of the online sales fund is typical of the platform economy: it is linked to a large number of foundations, with significant bilateral network effects (the size of one side influences the size of the other). Thus, the business model of the Internet allows the pioneers to take full advantage of their pre-existing and scale effects and to maintain their advantage for the long term until new business patterns are replaced.
Fund sales channels will continue to be dominated by ant funds and the Sky Fund Network, while the share of distribution from the traditional offline channels continues to shrink.iv. Business and financial situation analysis: (i) equity fund commissions end up being product-based by reference to overseas markets, while, on the other hand, in mature markets such as the United States, Europe, Japan and others, about 90 per cent of active fund managers are unable to win.
And the high costs, such as overheads, are one of the reasons why they can't win index funds. When a passive fund with lower rates becomes more and more money goes from active management funds to passive index-type funds. This allows active management funds to actively lower rates in order to maintain market shares; and most products are polarized: the United States' largest active management equity fund, the annual comprafund under Fuda, shows that its commissions in 2021 were based on trading rates.
The decline in commissions is not a long-term analysis of the operating and financial situation, considering that the size of the sales is maintained by the various public funds, which are far higher than the domestic rate before the downgrading of one in a thousand: (i) lower rates may allow investors to become more involved in the investment of the fund, and behind the difference in the rates trend between the two countries, we also find that the excess gains from the country’s proactive management of the fund remain significant. Given our market and maturity,
The market is still less effective than the market, so the process of losing the excess earnings of the active fund, in terms of the size of the investor’s participation, is actually a process of increasing the ratio of transactions of professional investors. So, with the rapid growth of our public fund-raising industry, the fall in the rates of the fund sector is a necessary trend in the maturity of capital markets.
The Fund’s reduced fees will also attract more investors into the Fund’s investments, and in the long run the company’s lower commissions are expected to be offset by an increase in the size of the Fund. Pacific Institute of Studies, IV. Business and financial situation analysis: (ii) traditional business development is well under way
The commission rate of 10,000,2.5 is now the norm in the industry. The usual way to collect the commission is to collect it is to collect it for less than $5. And companies have a large number of small regular customers at the end of c, many of which are actually lower than $5, but are eventually charged at $5. So the actual commission rate for companies is higher than for the industry. In credit operations, the balance of corporate finance coupons amounts to $35,228 million, but they still face a certain gap with front-bookers, so Eastern wealth uses low debt ratios, etc.
In recent years, more than $27.75 billion has been raised in a variety of financings, mainly for business development. So we can predict that in the future, companies will continue to invest more and more in business, and that performance contributions will gradually increase.
Traditional financial institutions, such as coupons and banks, have adopted business models that differ significantly from emerging financial and technological companies, such as Eastern wealth. In the process of expanding their operations, traditional financial institutions rely mainly on below-line physical points and large numbers of business people. The opening of new branches or outlets is costly and limited by physical radiation radius.
On average, employees earn about a third of the income of the couponers. At the decision-making level and at the grass-roots level, the employees of the traditional financial institutions tend to serve high-value clients who contribute the most.
These clients’ needs are even more diverse, requiring more professional services. Not only do they increase the value of their employees, making financial institutions willing to pay them high salaries, but they also affect business orientation and cost structures.
Work continues to be a challenge in meeting the needs of a wide range of day-to-day clients, such as fund investments, asset allocation, risk hedges, corporate operations.iv. Business and financial situation analysis: (iii) Traditional voucher dealers naturally tend to serve large customers, allowing the East to focus on long-tail markets.
By contrast, small and medium-sized client groups, though relatively small in size, have a combined assets ratio of up to 60% - 70%, but traditional financial institutions, owing to their lack of manpower, offer lower quality services to them. Internet fare dealers, such as Eastern Wealth, have attracted tens of millions of active users through financial news, transactional services, interactive exchange, and value-added services provided by the platform.
These users are younger, more depressed, and have relatively low levels of consumption, and their per capita assets are less than high net customers, but their transactions are more frequent and make a significant contribution to the company’s performance. This is not possible because of the high cost and business orientation of traditional financial institutions.
IV. OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: (iv) The East’s investment in it belongs to the head of the industry The East’s wealth is mainly on-line, so the necessary expenditure is mainly on the purchase of servers, network costs and data information, which is gradually decreasing as the volume of business grows. Its business model also has a strong scale effect, i.e. costs are not increasing simultaneously with the volume of income and marginality.
IV. OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: (v) The optimization of risk indicators facilitates the re-elevation of roe, and through historical data on retracers, we find that the pb of coupons is highly correlated with the net asset rate of return (roe). In the voucher industry, the year when roe is high, pb tends to be higher; the higher the market, the higher the roe, the higher the market gives the pb valuation.
The chart clearly shows that the overall roller has been declining, i.e., net profit growth is not equal to the expansion of net assets, resulting in a constant decline in the pb level. However, in recent years, the roller’s roller’s business structure has continued to decline, owing to a change in its business model.
IV. OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: (v) The optimization of risk indicators has helped to re-elevate roe. In recent years, the business model of bond dealers has changed significantly, with a significant increase in the share of heavy capital operations, and this trend has continued. Among the most significant changes in the share of revenue from brokering, which has declined from more than two thirds of the income of bond dealers to about 20 per cent of the current portfolio of some headbills. This is not due to a contraction in business, but mainly due to a decline in business.
At the same time, the share of income from managed operations in light capital operations has increased, mainly as a result of the new regulations on capital management, which have led to a gradual de-routing of bond dealers towards more professional asset management, and an upswing in the share of proactively managed pooled capital schemes, which has led to rapid public fund-raising.
As for investment operations, thanks to the implementation of a comprehensive registration system, the business has also begun to demonstrate some of the characteristics of heavy-capital operations, requiring follow-up on projects that need to be promoted for itself. In general, the business model of voucher dealers is undergoing profound changes to accommodate the new requirements of the market environment and industry regulation.
IV. Analysis of business and financial situation: (v) Optimization of risk indicators has helped roe re-enhancement of heavy capital operations for bond dealers, i.e. credit operations and self-employment: a trend of rapid growth has been observed in recent years. Over the past decade or so, the share of two operations in the gross income of voucher dealers has risen by about 10 percentage points. This is also the new profit growth point that the securities traders have found after the fall in their trading commissions.
Credit operations consist mainly of financing coupons and stock pledges. Among them, two-way operations, i.e., finance coupons, are the focus of current industry development. Two-way operations have developed into an emerging business, with a balance of more than 1.6 trillion dollars. This segment of business income has a significant impact on the interest income of bond dealers, and, with the two-way surplus, the portfolio is relatively small when it has a relatively high share of business.
As can be seen, there is a certain correlation between the credit and the self-employment business of bond dealers. And this change in business model is estimated at the Roe level and pb for all coupons.
Values will have a significant impact, including for Eastern wealth.iv. Business and financial situation analysis: (v) optimization of risk indicators will facilitate re-elevation of roe; Heavy capital operations, such as loans and investments, may face real credit risk and investment losses if risk control and decision-making are inadequate, especially in cases of leverage
Thus, the securities industry’s system of regulatory indicators is similar to that of the banking sector, with net capital and liquidity at its core. For example, capital adequacy must not be less than 8% and liquidity coverage must not be less than 100%.
IV. OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: (v) The optimization of risk indicators facilitates the re-elevation of roe. For example, the cost of a bonder’s liability depends mainly on interest expenditure on the voucher statement and on the sum of interest-bearing liabilities. The current cost of the head bonder’s liability is about 3 per cent, while the cost of a small and medium-sized voucher’s liability is higher. In contrast, the cost of a bank’s liability is usually less than 2 per cent, especially in a few retailers.
Large banks, however, because of regulatory constraints, bond dealers are unable to use their clients’ funds in their accounts as they do, resulting in their debt costs being significantly higher than those of banks. Looking ahead, if regulators allow bonders to use more debt channels and financing instruments, the cost of their financing may be further reduced.
On the basis of the above analysis, we split the profit model of Eastern wealth over the next three years as follows:
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company’s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The contents and comments in the report do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the sale of the said securities for information purposes only. My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents.
The rights in this report belong to Pacific Securities Inc. (PSI) and are not available.