During the reporting period, the company ' s Silica silicon silicon silicon was released gradually, and the industry ' s 4.0 advantage became apparent when the raw material supply limit q3 came out and actively prepared for the demand of q4. The company ' s Silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon. silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
1. The q3 performance forecast is over-expected, the production of silicon silicon is higher and the product structure continues to be optimized. As a result of the reduction in the supply of silicon and the limitation of output in the industrial chain due to such factors as electricity restrictions in July-August and overhauls, the company q3 is expected to deliver about 17gw, with a slight drop in the ring.
2. "Industrial 4.0 Core Competitiveness found to provide incremental supply for profit-based care of additional production capacity with silicon, with components being raised by about 10 per cent in September and by more than 10 per cent in October, and the continued release of demand in the q4 sector is expected to lead to an increase in the company ' s crop rate;
In the context of high upstream prices of silicon, companies have raised the cost of the transfer several times in the last three quarters, while continuously promoting technological innovation and changes in manufacturing methods.
To effectively reduce production costs, single-stage monthly production increased by 12%, single-kilogram output increased by 6%, a product increased by 4%, and q3 silicon monowatts increased by nearly 0.12 yuan/w, and the ring increased by over 0.03 yuan/w. As the supply of q4 silicon increased, the company made profits throughout the year.
Industry 4.0 builds core competitiveness and technology is a profitable moat. The company relies on industry 4.0 to continue its decline, with an automated industry leading, while participating in the globalization of the maxeon-based manufacturing industry, with the hope of increasing competitiveness and increasing its share in the trend of photovoltaic firms to build their plants abroad.
With Dowy leading, guaranteed high-purity stone-and-sand casts, the performance is expected to continue to increase. (8621) 61357595 Gavin
▪ Increased industry competition, silicon price fluctuations, and less than expected light-voltage machines.