Financial highlights: corporate disclosure of three-quarters of 2022, yielding revenues of 49,845 million yuan, long-term focus of tcl Middle-Red New Energy Technology Inc.
In the new energy light-voltage industry, the main business is built around silicon materials, the advantage production is accelerated, and the production of silicon silicon is increased.
These products are widely used in photovoltaic cells, photovoltaic components and photovoltaic power generation.
Predominant capacity expansion, crystalline chain, 50gw (g12) solar-grade monocrysilium smart plant (Ning Mid-summer Six Project) was successfully operational and, by the end of the third quarter of 2022, total monocrystal capacity had risen to 128gw; crystal link, the company produced 25gw high-efficiency solar supersilic chip intelligence in Tianjin
Key issues for the next three to six months are: accelerated construction, operationalization and effective guarantee of an increase in the production and sale of strategic g12 products.
By 2021, the company's stacked tiles had arrived at 8.3gw, and product performance was confirmed by downstream customers. The firm's firm tile +g12 double-plate differential technology & product route, after strategic entry to Maceon, was based on Monsignor Maceon.
The Division’s ibc battery-assemblies, the intellectual property rights and technological innovation advantages of the stacked components, in conjunction with the company’s manufacturing platform, will further enhance the global competitiveness of the company’s products. Consider the long-term development of corporate ownership.
R & D production, R & D has a synergistic advantage, with continuous process optimization, technology mitigation, and continuous building of differentiated competitiveness in the product area. 2) In PV assembly operations, companies will build differentiated competitiveness through overlapping routes, and in semiconductor operations, firms will adapt to national production substitution, plus
In the future, the company will benefit from the rapid development of two major industries: photovoltaics and semiconductors. The East’s financial booming tcl medium ring (002129): the advantage g12 production speeds up the release of production, and the stacking of paths enhances differentiated competitiveness.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, Gently Yo, the research assistant brief.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We've tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text are:
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.