q3 keeps up with high growth, and future new technologies such as large sizes, thin slices, n-silicon are still leading the industry, and silicon taps continue to grow at high speeds and increase profitability significantly on October 26, 2022.
As large-scale + thin fragments hit high-end demand in the market and continued to expand, the n silicon-leading industry, large silicon tablets helped to reduce photovoltaic power generation, so the company was determined to expand g12 capacity and consolidate the first advantage of the industry.
By 128gw, total capacity is expected to reach 140gw by the end of the year, with a significant increase in capacity from 88gw by the end of 2021. Companies are actively promoting fine linearization, thinning to reduce effects, and increasing the number of kilograms of output with silicon thickness by 6% above industry levels.
After many years of technological deposition, the company’s n silicon was the first in a series of years to remain in the market, with long-term and stable cooperation with downstream head manufacturers. The company also secured the supply of silicon sands by establishing and maintaining a long-term strategic partnership with the quartz sand supply chain.
The company expands its new business through ibc battery-assemblies owned by the equity firm Maceon, intellectual property rights and technology of the super-width component, and works with Sunpower to expand overseas markets for batteries and components. The company promotes differentiated technology and product lines for the two-platform "Scaffle +g12" platform, including the construction of a 2gw/yearg12 technology demonstration line for the automated, intelligent industry leading by Jiangsu.
A steady increase in the global market share of component 3.0 products, the maximum power of component 675w, the production of component 8gw/year in Jiangsu and 3gw/year in Tianjin, and an increase in future capacity utilization are expected to lead to further improvements in profitability.
The company has joined forces with the condensed group to conduct upstream silicon operations, including research and development projects in the field of granule silicon, production and downstream applications of integrated silicon-based materials, approximately 10,000 tons of electronic-grade polysilicon projects, stabilization of supply chains, and reduction of the risk of price volatility of raw materials.
In the semiconductor sector, the company insists on the development of the semiconductor process, the Power+ic two-way line continues to go deep, and the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is fully massed, with products covering a full series of 4-12 inches of polishing, extenuating, decomposition, etc., and is widely applied.
Power devices, logical chips, storage chips, simulation chips, image treatment chips, sensors, microprocessed chips, radio-frequency chips, etc. Monthly production capacity is expected to reach 900,000 pieces per million pieces per month by the end of 2022.
The industry’s future trends in the conversion and n silicon sector are strategically ahead, and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future as productive capacity continues to release and new battery technologies are promoted downstream. The company’s net profit is expected to be $7,174 million/9294 million, 10361 million in 2022-2024, with first fluctuations; new technologies to replace crystalline silicon products; the company’s capacity to deliver and expected; and trade barriers in Europe and the United States hinder overall industrial development.
China Air Securities Co. Ltd. has maintained high growth in recent years, with a significant increase in 2021 (billions) and a significant increase in corporate profitability (billions) since 2021.
Figure 8 Increase in price of large ring-sized silicon in 2022 (pontial/fiscal) \begin{array}{cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccp.
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continuing in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, creating a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle.” Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faiths, and if not, the second-tier markets will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.