Over-performance, g12+Cluster creates differential advantages, promotes technological innovation and smart manufacturing, advanced production capacity accelerates release and product structure optimization. Advanced production is well under way, and technological innovation drives industrial upgrading. 50gw (g12) is too high during the reporting period.
The silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon-grade plant was successfully put into operation, advanced production expanded and the product structure was further optimized. By the end of the third quarter of 2022, the company ' s silicon silicon silicon capacity was raised to 128gw; with regard to the chip, Tianjin ' s 25gw and Euphe 30gw production capacity accelerated construction and production, and effective security g12 production and sales were scaled up, while integrating with integration.
Industrial 4.0 manufacturing model to meet customer demand for flexible components and customized products. In addition, the company, Deng Young-kang, insisted on continuing to reduce efficiency gains through technological innovation.
S-100521100006.12%. In a context of high silicon prices, unit silicon consumption has fallen further, maintaining good profitability. In silicon, the increase in the aa ratio has been accompanied by a 6% increase in single kilos and a significant single-watt profit.
Kwok Yingzheng raised the market to create barriers to products, keeping the technology and cost of g12 products ahead.
\triangleright adheres to the different technology lines of the g12+Cluster, whose products are widely recognized by customers both at home and abroad.
The Division, with a patent authorization for the sunpower superstitious component, combined with the company ' s industrial model of 4.0, s010122060013 further consolidated the company ' s global leadership through concerted innovation, currently at the G12 in Jiangsu and Tianjin.
The Walvis Component Project produces 8gw and 3gw, respectively, and builds a demonstration line for the automating, intelligent industry leading the 2gwg12 battery-cell project. Based on the intellectual property and technological innovation advantages of the ibc battery-assembly, tiles-assembly components owned by Maxeon, and future stacking variations.
Semiconductor output expansion is imminent. In order to meet the demand for large-scale expansion and replacement of domestic production by downstream customers, the company’s capacity has continued to expand, and now the 4-12 inch semiconductor silicon silicon is fully produced on a scale scale, with an expected 2022 2. Central ring shares (002129.sz) in depth reporting: smartness.
The silicon carrier, for example, uses a wave of wind, 2022/05/, and now 900,000 pieces/month capacity. The growth of new energy sources and semiconductor operations, as well as the expansion of the company’s advanced production capacity, maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright semiconductor silicon clients are not expanding as expected. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.