Three quarters is over-expected, looking at the company's n silicon and silicon.
Increased efficiency in the production of the summer mid-ring, accelerated upscaling of advanced production, optimized product structure, g12 Market advantage for strategic products, enhanced overall profitability in the face of fluctuations in the supply chain
2. (g) Technical platforms are integrated with the depth of the industry ' s 4.0 production line, which enhances the Department ' s manufacturing efficiency, technological skills and capacity to meet the needs of its clients for flexibility.
The silicon consumption rate, and the monthly production capacity of the single furnaces are re-innovated; in the chip chain, the silicon a product rate has increased significantly through fine lined, thinly slender processes, and the number of kilograms of output per silicon thickness is significantly ahead of industry levels.
With the expansion of production capacity, the transformation of modern manufacturing has continued, with the company's photovoltaic material production increasing by 24 per cent to 109gw from late 2021, and with crystals, the solar-scale single crystalline silicon material intelligence plant, 50gw (g12).
The expansion, which is expected to exceed 140gw by the end of 2022, will be the largest single-crystal, photovoltaic, silicon miller with industrial 4.0 production in the company's industrial plates.
The application of the scenario, which continues to increase labour productivity per capita, the quality and consistency of products, the consumption of raw materials, and the efficiency and cost of plant operations are continuously optimized, along with the demand for large-scale, n-type products.
The industry's flexible manufacturing advantage is further highlighted, and the company's n-silicon and silicon-silica-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon is the first global market in many years and is now supplied by the company.
In November of this year, the glass and the central ring signed a $667 million purchase agreement for the n silicon. The glass indicates in the investor relationship logs that there is currently a large amount of demand for the N-led silicon with the medium-ring n silicon, new battery technology totcon/hjt, etc.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the upgrades, and the current crystal link, which continues to be tense with high-purity stone sand, is expected to remain in short supply for a longer period of time.
The top client of EKT, EKT, was able to purchase semiconductor platinum and photovoltaic platinum from Sipiko, China, China, China, Beijing, China. The company's high-quality platinum supply was available.
Guaranteed, and thus guaranteed, crystallized efficiency. High-quality quartz is expected to make single crystal silicone more steep, and the cost gap between companies and second-line manufacturers is expected to increase the risk of silicon competition: n silicon development is not as good as silicon silicon supply.
Period; semiconductor business development less than expected; photovoltaic demand less than expected; large department: Head of the Electrical Equipment Group, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, four years of experience in the securities industry, with emphasis on the fields of photovoltaics, wind power, storage energy.
I don't have, I don't have to, I don't have to, and I don't think it's because I'm going to do this.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.