If we don't break down, we're going to break prices, depending on the cost advantage; if we're not, we're going to lead the n-and-silica technology, we're going to lower the price of the silicon, we're going to lower the price of the silicon, and we're going to start a new round of price-for-price popularization in the photovoltaic industry.
Prices all fell early in the year, and silicon drops were successfully passed on to components, which facilitated the release of demand for components in future power-generating enterprises. On 23 December, the company announced an update of the price of silicon products, p. 210 mm/150 m, and 182 mm/150 m silicon prices, respectively, went down from the price of silicon, and the company took advantage of manufacturing advantages to attract orders.
The supply of silicon in the first three quarters of 2022 was in short supply. According to smm data, the production of silicon in the first three quarters of the country was about 53.66 million tons, corresponding to the demand for some 206gw components, the consumption of silicon in the same period amounted to 232gw, there was a marked gap between supply and demand, and the supply of silicone continued to be tight, the price soared, and the single crystallized secret material reached about 310,000 yuan per tonne in the fourth quarter.
In response to the decline in downstream demand, the price of silicon is on its way to a steep drop, and prices are rapidly passing to silicon, batteries, and assembly rings. The company uses industrial 4.0 drops to produce lower non-silicon costs than its peers, and the manufacturing advantage is magnified in the downward cycle of silicon prices.
Helping companies adjust prices to fluctuations in raw materials prices, ensuring good profitability, and further raising their Māori ratio. The rise in demand for ground power stations, the strength of large-scale high-power products by companies, the dominance of core competitiveness, the downside of industry chain prices, and the further reduction in the cost of ground power plant construction, accompanied by policy support, are expected to be released in 2023.
The firm layout of the g12-sized silicon silicon is a forward-looking product that is the main supplier on the market, with global market ownership of the N-type product. This is based on large sizes, thinning, and n-silicon.
The technological advantage is that companies are expected to achieve higher market penetration and maintain core competitiveness in the future, with new price assumptions. The pre-emptive, proactive, price-fixing strategy guarantees a low-season crop rate, the fourth quarter of which is a low-season season for the entire industry, and a decline in demand for products.
To achieve a higher crop rate, the company actively adjusts its price strategy to exchange prices. Moreover, the company uses a production model based on marketed production, using a high turnover strategy based on low inventories of materials, strict control of stocks, improved production turnover efficiency, and a high level of stock turnover in the leading industries.
The future of the industry with the conversion and n silicon is ahead of its strategic layout, with future fluctuations in power stations as profit-making space is released by lower-middle- and lower-stream enterprises; new technologies replace crystalline silicon products; the company’s output is not as high as expected; and trade barriers between the United States and Europe impede overall industrial development. q3 maintains high growth, large sizes, thin slices, n silicon, etc.
The company split (millions of dollars) shows a sharp decline in the price of silicon since December (millions of dollars per ton)
Figure 2 The price of silicon has been declining since November (mg/mph) Figure 3 The price of silicon has been falling since the fourth quarter (mg/mph) Figure 4 The proportion of large silicon tablets in the light-volt industry has been rising from year to year
Figure 52021 to date shows a steady increase in the quarterly earnings of companies (billions of yuan). Figure 7 maintains a multi-year municipal lead (gw) and figure 82022 increases in global photovoltaic capacity to 220gw (gw)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continuing in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, creating a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle.” Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faiths, and if not, the second-tier markets will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.