Silicon profit ring rises, industrial core competitiveness is high at 4.0 billion yuan, an increase of 71.35 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 5.01 billion yuan, an increase of 80.68 per cent in the same year; net deductions
The profits were 4,984 million yuan, an increase of 99.36 per cent over the same period. Three quarters of this amount, 18,147 million yuan, or 100 million yuan, was earned by companies.
In Ningxia, the company's 50gw successfully went into production and climbed the slope, reaching 128gw by the end of September, which is about 20gw more than by the end of the second quarter. The silicon chain, Tianjin Dw III and Ei-Hing Dw IV, also accelerated construction and production. Under the industrial 4.0 manufacturing system, the company works through continuous technological innovation, process progress, and manufacturing.
Transformation, significant efficiency gains in silicon production: 12 per cent rise in single-stage monthly production, 4 per cent increase in silicon a product rate, 6 per cent increase in single kq clips with silicon thickness during the reporting period, full leadership of silicon production links, three-quarter increase in silicon profit ring, followed by a scarcity of silicon quality and prices or gradual differentiation of silicon sands,
The profitability of silicon silicon is expected to remain good. Thanks to industry ' s flexible manufacturing advantage of 4.0 and lower efficiency, three quarters have been influenced by a decline in silicon production, a slight drop in crop activity compared to the second quarter, but the corporate profitability ring rises. 22q3 has a combined Māori rate of 18.32%, with an increase of about 1.4 pp; net interest rate of 12.47%, with an increase in the ring ratio.
On the profit side of silicon, 22q3 silicon monowatts won 0.11 ~ 0.12 yuan, and ring tiles increased by about 0.03 yuan. Looking ahead, in 2023, it was either a supply bottle, limiting silicone output, silicon quality and prices, or it was about to split. On the other hand, silicone production continued to be released, and silicon prices went down a week.
The cost of silicon raw materials will gradually fall down. The company, as a silicone tap, has some advantages, the silicon production can be released, the supply can be improved, and the silicon is expected to remain profitable. Battery and assembly operations continue to advance and the differentiated products become more competitive.
10gw. Chunwa 3.0 products are widely accepted by clients: on the basis of ibc battery-assemblies owned by Maxeon, the property rights and technological innovation advantages of tiles, and the competitive advantages of corporate global commerce. On batteries, companies develop topcon test lines to further enrich and refine technological routes and build industry-wide chains.
• Profit predictions and investment proposals: The competitive advantage of the silicon silicon silicon of the n-tech antecedent company is highlighted, future folding components are profitable for large companies, with 40.34 per cent of net corporate profits projected for the next three years, and the company's “bought as much as expected and corporate profitability reduced; the company's semiconductor silicon silicon has not progressed as much as expected.
1.tcl Central ring (002129): Continuing high performance, silicon uplifting, semiconductor silicon silicon accelerating growth (2021-10-27)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.