Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company's operating income was 1.60 billion yuan, an increase of 25.44 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits were 426 million yuan, an increase of 39.89 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
The net profit that was later attributed to the parent company was $273 million, an increase of 27.59 per cent over the same period; the gold race grew faster than expected, and the company ' s overall performance in the first half of the year was slightly higher than expected (due to the time of the real estate business, less revenue was recognized in the first half of the year, with some impact on overall profits).
In China, the incidence of dwarf disease is estimated to be around 3 to 4 per cent, and it is estimated that the current population of dwarf disease is contributing to the growth of a large number of activities in the growth hormone space.
Due to insufficient public awareness and the high cost of growth hormone medicines, only 300,000 people are currently attending clinics and only 30,000 are effectively treated. Based on the scale of the sale of the sample medicine, the current gross market for growth hormones is estimated to be about 2 to 2.5 billion left.
To the right, the corresponding market population does not exceed 350,000, and domestic growth hormones offer much room for improvement. As domestic incomes rise and consumption rise, domestic growth hormones compete well, and the gold race has three main functions: pink needles, water needles, and pegs.
The current polyethanol recombinant, growth hormones are being clinically iv and, if completed, it is expected to accelerate the spread of polyethanol long-acting agents, further boost the sale of growth hormones, and strengthen the gold race in the field of growth hormones.
In recent years, Kinsey has been increasing market development, increasing the number of salesmen, expanding market coverage, extending the patient's use of medicines, achieving operating income of 946 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 51 per cent in the same year, net profit of 348 million yuan, an increase of 57 per cent in the same year.
Super-expected. With three quarters covered by summer holidays, traditional seasons, and second half growth hormone sales, it is expected to continue with strong performance and drive overall performance growth.
The company actively expanded growth hormone adaptive conditions, and during the reporting period, human growth hormone injection fluids were reorganized, and exempted from clinical trials to increase developmental disorders in children caused by the noonan syndrome, developmental disorders in children caused by shox genetic defects: in addition, they were younger than the child ' s reproductive age.
Research is also under way on new adaptive developments, such as child-specific shortness, and lack of adult growth hormones. Research and innovation on new drugs in companies has also made new progress, with injections of traiprin microballs and injections of acetic aromatic microballs approved.
The change in the distribution mechanism led to a significant increase in vaccine performance of 100 grams, with the issuance of vaccines on a national scale. Following the Shandong vaccine incident, there was a significant shift in vaccine marketing policies and distribution mechanisms, with far higher prices and higher extension costs.
The size of the profits has increased considerably. 100 grams of organisms achieved sales revenue of $303 million in the first half of 2017, a significant increase of 127 per cent over the same period, close to their annual level in 2016; and the first half, according to the Pharmacological Intelligence Network (PIN) batch data, achieved a total national reduction of the phytovirus in the first half of 2017.
The distribution of 6.67 million batches (7.54 million in the same period in 2016), of which 2.642 million were issued by 100 grams of biology (3.07 million in the same period last year) and the scale of the issuance continued to maintain the country's first rabies vaccine product, which was extended to 1.5 years at the beginning of the year.
The process of stabilization and scaling-up of the production process yielded a phased outcome, with the first 1.5-year-old vaccine issued in June of this year.
Mid-term discussions on the influenza iii clinical phase were held, and it is expected that all three vaccination sites will be completed on site in July, and production is expected to be declared in December 2017.
During the reporting period, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry continued to dominate the smooth running of its core products, with a 12 per cent increase in its business income in the first half of the year and a 17 per cent increase in its net profit in the same year, amounting to $18.71 million.
In terms of research and development, the research project on the standardization of streptoccal pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary artery has progressed, and group standards have been set for the main drug and the drink.
In the first six months of real estate operations and the park project, only part of the remaining housing stock is available.
The project is expected to open in the second half of the year, when the new varieties are being developed in an orderly manner to boost the potential for future reserve growth, and while the existing varieties are being consolidated, the company’s pharmaceutical companies are actively laying out their own plans.
The development of new varieties is proceeding in an orderly manner with such important new varieties as Kim Dotsa, traiprin, frozen dry-sniffed influenza to reduce the spread of the virus, herpes to reduce the incidence of the virus, Ethena, perjury soap gq and its injection fluids.
The company is a leading company in the country in the regenetic recombinant drug industry, which has a large lead in growth hormones. This variety has a large space, a high rate of growth, and is expected to increase as consumption expands penetration rates, with relatively little pressure on health insurance. The company is the largest in the growth hormone process.
Beneficiary, growth hormone business is also a central driver of corporate growth. The corporate business of vaccines, Chinese medicine, real estate, etc., has also maintained a good momentum, providing company performance with less-than-expected growth hormones.
Figure 2: Corporate R & D projects in general Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.