I'm a member of the American company Rani, a card-bit growth hormone oral drug technology, a review of the events of the long spring and high spring (000661.sz).
Lee Ping-hoon announced on September 5 that the company would be involved in the first round of financing by the American company ranitherapetutics, d, for a combined subscription of $15 million to rani at $16.86/stock.
889680, or 1.27% of the total number of shares. At the same time, it is agreed that if the company completes the remittance by 24 October 2017 (including that date), it will receive an additional 10% of the general share recognition certificate, and that the company will hold the rani together if it converts to a preferred share by 1:1
Information on the preparation of the present report: when the transfer of investment funds takes place, the company will be given an assessment and priority for the purchase of oral growth hormones and a number of patents, know-how and data that are in the possession or control of Rani.
The technology, developing oral formulas for growth hormones, and conducting systematic research on pre-clinical small trials, pharmacology, pharmacology, pharmacology, and so on. And, under the same conditions, Rani will first grant Changchun’s exclusive sale of oral growth hormone products in China.
Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) Rani has been very popular with the development of oral drug technology. Rani is mainly engaged in research and development of oral biopharmaceuticals, with multiple rounds of financing.
Googleventure, Novartis, and Aslikon are favored by giants. Because of the metabolic decomposition of macromolecular organisms through stomach acids, enzymes and liver cycles, the clinical process is currently confined to injections, patients are affected by their dependence, and oral administration has been a slow process.
The American company rani, a company of incubelabs, is currently engaged in research and commercialization of robotic medicine tablets and medical technology innovation, and is mainly engaged in research and development of drug delivery methods to replace injecting biological agents with oral biological agents. The company is now in the process of replacing them with oral biological agents.
A new biological oral agent, sugar capsules, was developed to convert injection drugs into pills, and ph-value changes were used to bring the capsules into the patient's intestinal tract. The micro balloon structure inside the capsules expanded, pushing sugar needles onto the intestinal wall and then the intestinal tract.
Dissolve the sugar needles and drain the pills from the body, while the capsules are removed from the body. This makes it possible to make the semi-annual assessment of the 1.217-08-18 spring spring spring: full speed of the medical business, and we continue to see the effects of the injections, while reducing the pain of the patient's long-term injections. The technology applies.
2.2017-06-14 New Events in Long Spring High: New specifications for growth hormones and adaptive disorders, future of all biomolecular drugs, including proteins, multipolars and monooplasties, with broad market prospects in the area of chronic diseases such as diabetes, rheumatism, neoplasms, etc.
4.2017-03-03 Long Spring High Depth Report: Entering a new round of fast-paced and long-term biopharmaceutical dragons. Research and development by companies including the giants Googleventure, Novartis and Aslikon was evaluated in the New Year ' s Report on Long Spring 5.2017-03-01: Vaccine performance is better than expected, biopharmaceuticals are better than expected.
Figure 1. The principle of sugar capsules for Rani is taken out of the body, so it's done.
Pre-clinical studies have demonstrated that Rani has more than 50% bioavailability of oral drug use. Insulin-based and subcutaneous injections of insulin in pigs have been used for pharmacodynamics and pharmacodynamics studies at t = 0, respectively, through subcutaneous injections (n = 9) and sugar capsules (n = 8) to 20 units of quick-impact insulin, and pharmacodynamics findings.
The glucose injection rate (reaction body glucose metabolic rate) in the sugar capsule group was lower than the subdermal injection rate, but more than 50% of the group during the same period. Moreover, the pharmacodynamic analysis found that the sero-insulin concentration in the sugar capsule was about 60 minutes high, presumably linked to the rapid absorption of the blood-rich intestinal wall, with the rapid drop in the sero-insulin concentration in the 80-240 minutes.
At about 110 pm, 180 minutes later, it was lower than the hypodermic injection group. In addition, a study of Adawood's anti-smoker capsules, skins, and muscle injections in the pig found that the blood count of sugar needles was higher than the hypothermia and muscular injections within eight hours of the injection. Figure 2. Pigs use insulin for hypodermic injections (left) and sugar capsule injections (right) as pk/pd results.
The glucose metabolic rate. The left is a subdermal injection group, the right is a sugar capsule group.
The company’s participation in Rani will be accompanied by a collaborative R & D opportunity for the oral growth hormone project, and the company will commission the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry to track the project’s technological progress. If it succeeds, the company will give priority to oral growth hormone products in China.
We believe that, for non-lethal diseases, the way in which people are injected has a serious impact on their dependence, especially on their children, and that the way in which they are administered orally will significantly improve their dependence. While it is still too early to discuss the growth hormone oral regimens to be marketed, this participation gives companies an advantage in the field of growth hormone orals technology.
And growth hormones are the only medicine used to treat children's small sizes caused by non-consequential diseases, and we are now in the process of being treated.
The window has about 7 million children, less than 2% treatment, and the market is far from saturated. (2) Growth hormones are mostly prescriptions outside the hospital and are not affected by drug use.
It is difficult to capture the share. In the hands of domestic competition, Anko biowater needles are the most advanced, and are currently in the clinical trial statistical analysis and preparation stage for declaration of production. They are expected to be on the market as soon as 18 years later.
The Court is expected to have a limited impact on the company, taking into account the limited academic outreach capacity of foreign companies in the country and higher sales prices. (4) Long-acting iv clinical preservation is completed on schedule, further entrenching dominance. The company long-acting agent is expected to receive about $150 million throughout the year, while the iv phase of clinical trials will be completed by the end of August, with follow-up academic outreach and advance in Europe.
The United States market provides a solid foundation on which future performance elasticity will continue to be contributed. (5) The sales team will be continuously expanded, with a model of complete paediatric growth and development, and greater market coverage. Corporate growth hormones will now cover one of the country’s most developed cities, and the company will continue to expand its sales teams to cover the county-level municipalities in the developed regions.
The company is the domestic leader of biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that genetic engineering drugs can sustain high growth: the growth hormone needles add a large variety of specifications that will help to consolidate competitive advantages; the water needle channels have a clear advantage, and research and development for new adaptive disorders move quickly to help produce.
The vaccine industry is about to enter a new phase of development: water, pox vaccines are on the move to the international market, and rabies vaccines will be lost through process modifications and agent-type upgrades.
To overcome the negative effects of industrial policies and achieve modest growth. Real estate will also continue to grow steadily. We expect sugar capsule development to be less advanced than expected or unsuccessful, and technology management risks.