The growth hormone model is expected to be upgraded again by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
US$ 1.27% of the equity share is a US$ million subscription priority unit. Quality-based oral sugar capsules, with growth hormones, are expected to be upgraded again. The American company Rani is currently mainly engaged in new oral cone capsule research, which can transform the form of delivery of biological agents that must be injected into oral medication.
When the capsule arrives in the patient's intestinal tract after oral administration, as ph values change, the capsule's shell is dissolved, and the micro-air balloon structure within the capsules expands, pushing sugar needles onto the intestinal wall to achieve injecting therapeutic effects while reducing the patient's suffering from long-term injections. The technology applies to all biomolecular drugs, including:
Protein, polymeric, mono-resistant, etc.. The company will be able to invest in oral growth hormone assessment and priority acquisition, agreeing that, under the same conditions, the United States company rani will give Changchun the exclusive sale of oral growth hormone products in China; the technology has been turned over by the international giant Novartis and the domestic Kun Pharmacy Groupc.
This technology is promising and highly internationally recognized. If it succeeds, the company will be expected to upgrade the growth hormone model to form a product ladder from a pink needle, a water needle to a long-lasting effect, to a more oral sugar needle.
The company’s core product, its long hormone consumption properties and free of health insurance costs, meets the demand for people’s “long and high.” The company has the world’s strongest product ladders, the first in the country, the first in Asia, the first in Asia, and the first in the world.
And the needles will not be on the market for four to five years with a long-lasting effect. Industry barriers are extremely high. In the context of penetration and awareness improvement + small population peaks of appropriate age + new adaptive conditions are being approved + long-lasting water needles, I value 41.5 times, and now tttm 42 times. We believe that real estate operations are falling and growing faster.
The lead company valuation hub moves up. 1. Long spring high (000661): growth hormone growth is super-predictable 2. Long spring high (000661): long water needles plus recombinant eggs
Bubbles, which are expected to recreate several gold-challenging pharmaceutical industries 3. Long springs and highs (000661); growth hormones are approved for new stressors and new specifications, and companies will continue to grow at a high rate.
Changchun Gon (000661), which is expected to receive no form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.