The growth in performance is more than expected, the biopharmaceutical plate is bright, the long spring is new, the long spring is new, the long spring is new.
In the middle of 2017, Changchun's business income for the first half of the year was $1.600 billion, compared to 1.
For $273 million, an increase of 27.59 per cent in the same year, mainly in the biopharmaceuticals industry and the 100-gram bio-surgery industry.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry earned 946 million yuan, an increase of 50.78 per cent, a net profit of 412 million yuan, an increase of 56.73 per cent in the same year, the overall market performance of growth hormone drugs in the first half of the year, the Golden Race, the pharmaceutical industry as the leading business, the leading industry in growth, and 100 million yuan in biological income, the same amount.
This is an increase of 127.12 per cent, a net profit of 63 million yuan, an increase of 60.58 per cent in the same year, and an increase in income, mainly due to the effects of a “low” switch to “high” when vaccine flows become “one-vote” and the increase in the recovery of rabies, which is also proportional to the cost of sales.
1. In-depth report on the growth of performance in the long spring (000661), which is lower than the end of income;
In the case of the Chinese chemist, the Chinese medicine industry performed better than in the past, earning $306 million, an increase of 11.72 per cent over the previous year and a net profit of $18.71 million, an increase of 17.37 per cent over the same period; the main product for the hysterectomy and silver-polar fever continued to grow, while other products such as hepatic capsules,
There's also a certain increase in the sales of the blood strangulation capsules; 10,000 dollars, drag on the company's performance, and the next half of the year the property plates will be settled gradually, and the forecast for recovery will be strong (a 16-year full-year profit on the real estate plate is $81.9 million, with a high shareholding ratio).
Reasons for the increase in revenues from the sale of biopharmaceutical plates; decrease in cash flow from business activities - 105.71 per cent, mainly due to the payment of land concessions from real estate plates; Sources of financial prosperity in the East
Changchun High School (000661). The performance growth is over-expected, the biopharmaceutical plate is bright, the growth hormone market space is huge, the position of the kings is hard to shake, and the gold industry contributes about 70% to the parent company ' s profits, is the company ' s well-deserved core competitiveness, and we look forward to the future of the gold market.
After 13-15 years of ambush, the company’s 16-year performance will continue for 17 years, and we believe that the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry will at least remain in place for the next few years. At least 1 million children are in need of drugs each year, while fewer than 40,000 are currently actually treated for rhgh, with a treatment rate of only 4%, with a potential market space of over 20 billion in growth hormones, according to the lowest powder treatment cost of at least 20-30 thousand.
The company, as the only company on the market to market growth hormone needles, water needles, and long-acting agents, has a clear advantage in establishing product quality and marketing price systems, while in recent years it has stepped up its sales efforts by expanding its capacity and layout of end-of-life hospitals, introducing hidden needle injection pens (to increase patients' dependence), and developing adaptive disorders (the company increased the number of noonan co-opts during the reporting period).
In the absence of competition, companies will have a very good pattern of competition and a competitive environment for a long time to come. In addition to the No and Nord needles that are now being approved for sale, the fastest progress is the growth hormone products of Anco organisms, which we expect to be able to produce.
The declared production will take place in the near future, from the end of the 18th to the beginning of the 19th century, while the long-lasting water needles of Ancobi are now in the clinical iii phase, at least two to three years later.3 The new product will be marketed to boost the company’s growth, and the future company will be rich in research and development pipelines.
With regard to new products, 14 years of company heavy pounds of product long-acting growth hormones on the market, consolidating the dominance of the industry, and bringing about an increase in performance, long-activating growth hormones, the clinical iv period is almost complete and will be released further in the future; 15 years of company ovulating ovarians on the market, the start of the market hatching, the prospect of future release, the next billion-grade product. And while the company’s own products are growing at a high rate, subsequent R & D investment is increasing, and R & D investment is taking over.
(a) Passed clinical treatments for the rudder ball, avocados injected acetic acid; extended life of the rabies vaccine of the Mesquito Biological Pine (which had been difficult to access to CDC for 12 months); completed clinical vaccinations for all volunteers during the iii period of the Nosal Influenza alive vaccine, which is expected to be declared production in December; reorganized human cell cells; megaphages sub-celeculose gels, which increase the adaptation of diabetes to chronic ulcers, are in a clinical ii period; and the fight against the disease is in a clinical stage of I;
The product-banded herpe virus vaccine ii is nearing completion, and the company's future growth will be driven by the development of new varieties, such as the Tigers, the continued appreciation of corporate growth hormones' hegemony and industry's future development, long-acting growth hormones, the progressive release of ovarians and the company's follow-up research and development.
Billions, corresponding to about 34% of the growth space. Firms are given a “strongly recommended” rating. Growth hormone sales are not as high as expected; follow-up product R & D cycles are too long, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is very high.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Changchun Quixin (000661).
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team chief researcher in the crystal ball in 2016, seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015, third core member in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics at Beijing University, and Master of Economics at Kings Business College in three years.
Xiamen University's Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, formerly held in Tianxian Pharmaceuticals Group, Inc. In December 2016, the CSCP team added its own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.