Biopharmaceuticals have been growing at a strong rate, and there is much room for growth in the future. The company recently released its semi-annual report in 2017: the company achieved a higher rate of growth in gold racing during the reporting period and a higher rate of return net profit, respectively, looking at the future performance of long-lived varieties.
Of the $1.6 billion collected by the company in 2017, the biopharmaceutical component achieved 1,248 million, an increase of 64.15 per cent compared to the previous year, which was the core driver of the growth in corporate overall performance; the middle-yielding drug metre received $306 million, an increase of 11.72 per cent compared to the previous year; and the first half of the real estate business was accounted for by settlement cycle factors.
The annual revenues are $30 million, a decline of 87%. The subsidiary Kinsey has achieved a net gain of 348 million, an increase of 56% over the same year, and the core varieties of growth hormone series and reorganisation of human ovarian hormones, which now account for about 60% of the market share of the same type of company growth hormone products in sample hospitals.
Future growth hormone products are expected to gain market penetration through academic marketing and marketing at the grass-roots level, and at the same time, as four clinical rounds of long-lived products approach the end of the process and are about to enter the market, corporate performance is expected to benefit from high-end replacements for "polycers-water pins-long effects".
The effect is that the growth hormone series, which is dominated by “water needles-long effects” in the coming years, will continue to be fast-growing in vaccine operations, with a robust increase in medium- herbicide operations, and a 17-year-old 100-gram bio yield and net gain of $303 million and 63 million, respectively.
Not to increase by 127% and 61% on a year-on-year basis, the more rapid increase is due mainly to the negative impact of the gradual exit from the Shandong vaccine incident and the high price associated with the “one-vote” policy. The rabies vaccine product of the Maifon pharmaceutical industry has been extended to 1.5 years, while the production process is stable and stable.
During the reporting period, new product specifications were added to the HDR product under the gold flag.
Reassembled human growth hormone injection products are allowed to be exempted from clinical trials to increase child growth disorders due to the noonan syndrome, and child growth disorders due to shox genetic defects.
Microball has been approved for clinical trials, and the three-phase clinical progress on the nasal flu vaccine has been successful and is expected to be produced by the end of this year. We believe that the current market for major varieties + new adaptive + reserve varieties guarantee the company’s future performance growth.
The company, as the leader of the domestic restructuring of protein drugs, looks forward to the future market performance of the company's biopharmaceutical products, which are dominated by the production of hormone series. We expect the company to return to the mother's net profit for 17-19 years.
Risk factors: risk of less than expected market exposure in the production of hormones, wind of failure in research and development of new medicines