Pacific Car's 2019 Strategy Recommended Depth Report Four: The Great Wall Car: Over Hard Nuclears, "Key" Moves the Future, Pacific Autobots White Team.
The bottom line is strong, the hard force supports the future, the new battery show, the year-old lead, the hydrogen pioneer, looking ahead to the future.
Motivated innovation, more than one step ahead.
It's fair, it's multi-track, it's self-sufficient, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work, it's a piece of work.
The Wall insists on over-research and development, with its headquarters at its core, covering Europe, Asia, North America, etc.
Over the last six years, the Wall has never received less than 30% of its R & D investment relative to that of its enterprises, and in 2018 it experienced a decline in the impact of the separation of the battery and spare parts operations and the downside of the automobile industry. The first quarter of 2019 has recovered, defending the Wall’s commitment to innovation in R & D.
Chart: The Great Wall ' s auto research and development center is set up in an impartial, multi-trace comprehensive fashion with the world ' s top heat-efficient 4n20 engine, and for the first time using Miller circulation technology to develop an efficient and high-powered 9dc based on 7 dct, one.
The new Me platform has a significant advantage in power consumption, with primary vehicle-type r100km power consumption of less than 10. High-performance P2+p4 mixed power mix total system, with the front bridge using high-performance fuel engines and p2 modules, and the back bridge using the e-axle bridge power plant, which accelerates to less than 5s while significantly reducing fuel consumption.
The low-cost iii/iv high-pressure hydrogen storage cylinders, and the first high-intensity 70mpa high-pressure hydrogen storage valve in the country, were introduced by the low-energy and upscaling power of 90kw vehicle fuel cell systems.
Chart: Great Wall auto technology reserve 4n20 engine + 9dc gear tank
The Wall's autonomous development of 7 oil-powered dct wet transformers.
I'm a national platform.
Me pure power platform/6001 power drive mixed power mix p2+p4 total system
gdit won "China t+9dct power unit fc-90pus reactor, fuel cell air-pressurizer,
Hearts, ten fine engines, the first tank in the country, the iv-type hydrogen bottle.
The two-pronged approach, combining traditional and future high R & D inputs of the Wall's cars, the upgrading of the core power system of traditional cars in recent years, the full new Miller cycle of 4n20 engines with new high-impact auto-transform boxes such as 9dc, 9hdc, and the upgrading of power performance and fuel economy.
The Great Wall Group-backed cellular energy became the world’s first manufacturer of high-speed stacked square batteries, taking advantage of the back-to-back advantage to be at the forefront of industry trends, launching a new four-dollar and cobalt-free battery. The cellular is easily new to the new 6001 series of power-driven products, using hairpin spin-down technology, power, controllers, decelerates, tri-combined integration design, torque.
Increased density by 32 per cent, reduced weight by 25 per cent, increased area of high-efficiency areas by 15 per cent and effective power density by 5.6kw/kg.
In 2018, the Great Wall auto-bond component operation operated independently, creating beehives, Mande electronics, Norbo car systems, and precision cars. The bee-weaking is a key part of the Wall’s drive-to-mobilization drive and the shift to the system’s parts and components industry.
Beehives are easily registered in June 2018, and are operating independently, with a small-scale focus engine, power drive, and intelligent transition technologies. They insist on autonomous research, development, continuous upgrading, full-scale dynamic multi-technology pathways, and the introduction of the “i-era” engine as a technology product.
With the consolidation of the Great Wall interior business, in 2018, Nobo earned more than $14.7 billion in vehicle sales, with an annual compound growth rate of more than 16 per cent.
The hives are easy to create, the finer car, the Norbo car.
Mande Electronic hvcet Mande
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Beehives, car interiors, ornaments, seats, rubber four.
The Great Wall is the country's first pure electric car platform, which brings together experts from a number of countries. Unlike other manufacturers, the Wall adheres to pure nature.
Power does not refuel, but also focuses on co-development with intelligence, with a focus on safety and user experience. Me platforms focus on small, small, efficient, integrated power-driven modules that capture small, low-weight, more structured, more efficient features of the power module, and are able to respond to these advantages and meet the need for a better continuity of navigation. Nedc profiles can be achieved according to market demand.
The range of 200-500km in range.
Length/axis: 4460/650mm open reliable
The Great Wall car seeks to leverage its resources by establishing long-term strategic partnerships with leading international suppliers such as Bo, zf, Otolive, Bogwala and others.
By sharing information and technology, we can do a great deal to help with the parts and components that are removed from the Great Wall. The Great Wall Cars are working with ecological partners to build a whole-of-the-world smart ecology, building the Great Wall ' s full-area (gto) network, and moving robots that are constantly being upgraded to provide users with experience and services throughout their life cycle.
Chart: Great Wall Car Cooperator. Chart: Great Wall Car gto Strategic Partnership. 8 Great Wall Helper Ggto Wisdom Eco-Strategy
The new battery show, the lead of the era, the self-sustaining portal, the fresh start of the beehive, the thick, thin-haired battery expert who knows the best about cars.
The system is perfect and based on China's vision of the world, and it's hard to get ahead, and it's an advantage to move forward, and it's a self-sustaining portal, and it's a new start for the beehive energy.
The Beehive Energy Front is the Great Wall Automobile Batteries Department, which has been working on the pre-research of the electric core since 2012. In December 2016, the Beehive Batteries Department was established as the separate Beehive Energy Technology Ltd. In February 2018, the Beehive Energy Headquarters is located in Changzhou, with more than 1750 employees, including 1030 R & D personnel and over 350 external experts.
3 billion yuan, with more than 26 billion dollars invested in the construction of the global plant by 2025. 3 new energy models have now been produced, and more than 20 are being developed.
The cooperative win-win, and the future of equity opening up, the beehive energy is a fully-owned subsidiary of the Sremoo Enterprise Management Consulting Company Ltd., which moved its equity from a listed company, the Great Wall car, to a holding company in 2018, both easing the pressure on the performance of listed companies and facilitating the development of third-party markets for the beehive energy.
Starting in early July 2019, cellular energy has fully launched ipo and equity financing, and the Wall’s holdings will be reduced to 30-50% in the future, with external clients carrying thin hair, best-informed battery specialists integrating 737 global cross-industry experts, including about 60 senior expatriates from Europe and America, Japan and India, in the area of batteries and automobiles.
By 2020, the company’s research and development team is expected to continue to expand to 2,000 people, of whom 200 are foreign specialists, and 1,000 have master’s and higher qualifications in the development, testing and quality management of the company’s products, all of which follow high standards at the automobile level. The development/test/certification of v-model, the quality management Ts. 16949 system, functional safety asil-c/iso2662, etc., is designed to ensure the reliability of the product’s automobile level.
Charts: Associations and universities working together globally
Circulatory performance is better than ncm811, heat-resistant, low-temperature, high capacity, long life, high safety.
By 2019, q1, the company had nearly 1750 employees, of whom research and development personnel numbered 1030, or 58.9 per cent.
The research and development team combines the global cross-industry elite, with over 700 core research and development staff and up to 37% of masters and doctorates. From material development to core design, from system integration to bms software and hardware design, the team’s main members worked in major automobile and battery companies in Europe and America and in Japan and Korea.
Many have more than 20 years of experience in the industry.
16 years of a car, power cells, and abb electric car infrastructure.
He used to be a trw car, China, Central China, and storage energy in Asia and the Pacific.
Director-General of the District and Director-General of the Asia-Pacific Region, Director-General of the Liff joint venture.
The single tree, the stacking process, is far ahead of the world's first manufacturer of high-speed stacked square batteries, with a much higher degree of volatilization compared to the wrapping process and a 5 per cent increase in energy density, a 10 per cent increase in battery cycle life and a 5 per cent reduction in cost.
It better matches the needs of pure motor platforms for large modules and large-sized batteries, and avoids the risk that the curling process can cause heat to get out of control. The company's unique hypervelocity stacking process breaks through the energy bottle with a current level of 0.65 seconds for the gold stage, 0.45 seconds for phase two and a target of 0.25 seconds for phase III. Chart: the stacking process first has five main advantages for the wrapping process.
In the future of the layout, the demand for batteries is increasing, and global power cells are expected to enter the upper highways in the coming years, increasing from less than 100 gwh in 2018 to a fast and stable growth phase in the beehive energy capacity in the next seven years, spread over China, North America and Eastern Europe, totalling 120 gwh in 2025.
Large-scale production capacity, one of the big power cell giants. Chart: global power cell market load forecast system perfected, based on China’s global vision.
With seven R&D centers and five manufacturing bases in six countries around the world, the Humming House Energy Program, which has now been established for use, including conservation, Shanghai, South Korea, and India, as well as the world’s leading permanent state gold altar intelligent manufacturing plant, is building in tin-free, US, and Japanese R&D centers. By 2025, the Humming House Energy has a global master-plan capacity of 100 gwhh, of which 60 gwh is distributed throughout North and South.
In addition, North American manufacturing plants and European manufacturing plants have 20 gwh respectively.
In 2018, global power cell suppliers came mainly from three countries in East Asia: China, Japan, and South Korea, where China is proud of the world with more than half of the world’s supply, and this number will rise further, with Chinese firms expected to account for 70% of the global power cell industry. In the first half of 2019, China’s domestic power cell industry showed a strong pattern, with almost half of the world’s oligarchy dominated by the Ninder era, with clear oligarchic effects, and Ninder’s.
The era and Biadei have taken over 70 per cent of the market, with the top 10 firms in total accounting for 88.6 per cent of the market.
In the near future, industrial giants have recently increased their investment in the German European Productive Research and Development Base project in the Ninder era, from Euro240 million to Euro1.8 billion, and their capacity will be significantly enhanced, with products to be delivered to major European car companies such as BMW, the general public, Daimler, Jaguar Road Rover, psa, etc.
Biadi and Chang-Am have a joint venture to set up a power cell company with 10 gwh to plan production capacity, 20 gwhh and 30 gwhh respectively at Chongqing and Xian construction plants, plus existing capacity, with a total power cell planning capacity of 100 gwh. Matsuko, as Tesla’s sole battery supplier, has a power distribution spread across China, the United States, Japan, and the United States Super Battery Plant is operational, with a capacity capacity to produce.
Maps: Mainstream battery manufacturer capacity planning is difficult, back-to-back, and cellular energy is facing a multitude of competitors, including giants like Ningde, Matsu, Biade, Samsdi, lg chemistry, whether human or financial, bee.
There are no advantages to nest energy. Beehive energy has a backward edge within the industry, leaving behind its historical burden, directing itself to the next generation of technological equipment and the application of new materials such as 811, with less diversion, greater efficiency, and a production line that is fully compliant with the 811 standards.
The future of the nest energy layout is innovative, with direct access to the cutting edge technology of the industry, including the newly released four-dollar batteries, cobalt-free batteries and advanced high-speed stacking processes, all ahead of other competitors on the timeline.
Chart: Humminghouse energy has been used or contacted by clients
Current pattern of vehicles carrying power cells: 3. Hydrogen power vans, forward-looking layouts for the future, over-researching for the long term, accelerating the layout of hydrogen panels.
Helium energy in China begins with the upscaling, the upscaling energy focused on hydrogen fuel, the joining of the strong and bright, the glutting hydrogen energy into the h2mobility layout, and the complete industrial chain layout.
Over-research and development are long-term plans to speed up the layout of hydrogen panels. In 2016, hydrogen energy began to be deployed, using the "over-in " strategy of research and development, with the continued introduction of top-level experts in the industry, with a 240-person team of 57 top-level foreign experts; the Great Wall Hydrogen Energy Technology Centre became operational in 2018, with H2mobility, the world's leading German hydrogen plant operator, accelerating the layout of hydrogen fuel plates.
The current Great Wall Group hydrogen energy plate has three main components: up-burning power (involvement in the National 863 Project), low energy (take on hydrogen energy technology research and development) and listing companies
Unenergy technology, Shanghai Fuel Cell Automotive, Wall Motors.
The development of fuel cell technology, the complete manufacture of hydrogen fuel cars, the construction of the Great Wall.
>Integration development of fuel cell systems > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >
We're going to use the hydrogen storage system to develop the hydrogen system and we're going to use it to develop the hydrogen system.
Hydrogen energy China, which began with the upward combustion of 100 percent of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Great Wall Holding Group, was established in 2001 as a high-technology enterprise dedicated to the integrated development of the fuel cell car power system, with extensive experience in the operation of the fuel cell car.
The on-board combustion power generation cores the operational capabilities of the fuel cell, including, inter alia, the development of integrated fuel cell systems, the development of fuel cell controllers, the development of vehicle-borne hydrogen systems, simulation tests of key components of the fuel cell, etc.
- 20 fuel cell cars for the 2008 Olympics - 173 fuel cell vehicles for the 2010 Shanghai Expo - created in 2001 by a multi-firm joint venture dedicated to new energy sources
Industrialization phase: 2018 - development of first- to fourth-generation fuel cell sedan platform
- to become a new energy motor power system technology - to open up "commodity, power system platforms, by-product hydrogen suppliers of total products and services.
Gas purity and high pressure storage of hydrogen” Industry application phase: 60 fuel cell sighting vehicles at the Shenzhen World University Games 2011-2017 - 2011
-Participated in the International Clean Energy Car Challenge competition, with energy focused on hydrogen fuels, combined with strong and bright lights, 2019 with hydrogen energy and fuel cell technology and product development, fully funded subsidiaries under the Great Wall holding flag.
In 2019, the 18th Shanghai Automobile Exhibition, with low energy and uplift power, launched a 90kw passenger fuel cell system, a new generation of fully powered metal plate water cooling reactors, low-cost iii/iv high-pressure hydrogen storage bottles, and the first autonomous, high-intensity 70mpa high-pressure hydrogen storage valve in the country, and the leading structure in the country, a compact and efficient air compressor.
Chart: Key product parameters of the Great Wall fuel cell iv hydrogen storage cylinders in H2mobility layout hydrogen energy to achieve whole industry chain layout
H2mobilitydeutschlandgmbh&co.kg, which is responsible for laying the foundation for the transport of hydrogen energy in Germany, is now operational in Germany with more than 50 hydrogen-added stations and more than 40 hydrogen-filling stations are under implementation.h2 is responsible for all operations, including network planning, construction and operation of hydrogen-filling stations, with the goal of establishing up to 400 hydrogen-added stations throughout the country (for).
The network of the largest in the world, which builds an environmentally friendly (hydrogen energy) electric car infrastructure with hydrogen fast and continuous mileage. Chart: H2 mobility stands in Germany's layout. Chart: Great Wall Hydrogen Energy Technology Center.
Focusing on hydrogen energy fuel development and defining future product planning, according to the strategic layout of the Great Wall ' s hydrogen energy sector, the Wall ' s car will show its first fcev prototype in 2020, with the first new fuel cell in 2022, based on the xev platform.
The Wall will continue to focus on research and development of hydrogen energy and fuel cell technologies and products, a comprehensive layout of the hydrogen and fuel cell industries, with technological support from industry's top experts, with 4. Power innovation, more than a step forward, core dynamics evolution, improved technological parameters.
As the Great Wall moves into its six-year-old era, the Great Wall's power technology has been upgraded, and the Wall has performed well as an automatic transformer, with its leading role, focusing on power technology and pursuing far-reaching development.
The core engine evolves, the technical parameters continue to upgrade, and the maximum power and power of the Great Wall motor (1,5t) is gradually increasing in comparison with the technical parameters of the core motor of the Great Wall, the maximum torque is increasing as the engine changes from generation to generation, the maximum power rate is almost constant, and the environmental emission standards of the engine under the new technology are changing from national to national to national.
Number six, reduced emissions from car pollution. Chart: Wall core engine, engine technical parameters too hard to lose the joint venture brand.
The newest generation of 1.5t core motors (gw4b15a) in the Wall has a maximum power of 124kw, with a maximum torque of 285nm, with a special cvvl (continuable variable gas door lift technology) and a barrel-to-cylinder application technology that is effective in improving heat efficiency and reducing emissions. The engine is fitted to the latest core models of Huffh6 and f5 and f7, with core parameters that have different advantages compared to other autonomous or mainstream joint venture brands and are no less than joint venture brands.
Chart: The Wall, Gilly, Upper, Broad, General Engine Parameters, Super-Technology Support Upgraded, leading the country's Sixth Age, 1.5t Engine Model was upgraded from "gw4g15b" to "gw4g15f" in the national vi, and peak torque output speeds were detected from the original 2200rpm.
1800 rpm, which lasted until 4400 rpm; 6 puncture sprayer programme upgraded to 8 puncture sprayers and increased gas fumigation effects; fuel pressure increased from 3.8 bar to 4.5 bar, thereby improving spray and combustion effects. On 6 June, the Long Wall Pikka, China’s first diesel country, six pickups, was delivered as the first, and currently the only, skin in China with a diesel-diesel-country six-carrying model.
Car brands, action-driven National Blue Sky Defense, start the six new era of China's Picah State.
Engine type gw4c20b 1 with 200bar electric jet
350bar electric jet system System upgrade 350bar 2, 6 puncture sprayer
Use of high transient sound Design of exhaust tubes Upgrade to eight holes, fire
The pressure of the oil is elevated to an electrically responsive booster to control the double-stream booster.
Step on, little lift, engine torque to the exhaust system to replace the original.
385 nm/1800rpm for phase reduction. 7dct honours the world's 10 fine transformers, multi-technology-driven parallel
The 7dct-wet hybrid transformer, developed autonomously by the Great Wall car, is directly controlled by an electric fluid, and the gears and centrifugal convulsionors are selected to enhance the performance of nvh and are better matched to the world's ten fine transformers. The Wall has released a combined high-performance power product, p2+p4 (mixed system), matching 9hdct, which will be used first in the Wey brand suv model.
Official data show zero to 100 km of acceleration time less than five seconds.
The "v+phev/hev+ice" multi-technology route is constantly being developed in synchronous development The domestic automatic transformer is gradually breaking through, with the advantage of taking the lead on the layout The domestic autonomous transformer development is dominated by the entire car factory, and the Gilly car has continued to develop the volume of 7dct&7dcth with light quantification from 2014 to the present;
The 3rd generation power of the long-ann vehicle has always been created, autonomously, to develop wet dct transformers; the upper steam transformers are based on becoming “a company with full mastery of high-end manual transformers, automatic transformers 2+1 (dct, cvt+amt) to develop core technologies for manufacturing and clean energy transmission systems” which seeks to capture core technologies such as electrical swaps, Ionizations and power stationing vehicles; and the wide-cars contracted with E-Sinaw to establish a wide-air E-Tractors company.
Chart: Progress in the R & D of the ATMs Focus on power technology innovation for long-term development, based on company planning, high performance, micro-mixing, plug-in, ultra-low fuel consumption, etc., will also be developed in modular form on a 4n20 engine basis.
The company, based on the current 7dc, will continue to roll out the 9hdc speedbox on the 9dct and p2 routes in the future, and the beehive will easily seek to shift from a single component to a system supplier, continuously moving to hybrid, pure electric, intelligent interconnection, and to rapidly develop new energy sources while maintaining a robust traditional car operation.
Automobile and Smart Interconnected Motors, which aims to achieve a business revenue breakthrough of $55 billion by 2025.
The company has long focused on two major areas, namely, high-priced craftsmanship, a national chariot that is known to six people, a dust-free ride by the windmill, a highly efficient management of excellence, and a top-notch quality-cost control industry. The company has placed great emphasis on research and development inputs, as a technology hard-core enterprise in the industry, with its own hard-tech accumulation in a number of core technological areas, whether traditional or traditional.
Core products, such as the heart engine transmission box, or the lifeline battery control of the new energy vehicle, all have autonomous R&D capabilities. For hydrogen energy, the technology is also an advanced forward-looking layout, with no hesitation in research and development inputs, above hard core, and beyond.
(a) Company profit projections  macroeconomic or automobile industry as a whole is not as good as expected  price promotions are higher than expected
Pacific Securities Institute, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.