Larger shares (600160.sh) Refrigerant prices are starting to warm, fluorine-specific chemicals are on the rise, basic chemicals and chemicals.
The second quarter saw a significant growth in the performance ring, with sustained management of industry opportunities and sustained high-end development. Company Report 2023, first half: 2023, h1, influenced by a contraction in the Māori ratio of products, corporate production of high-value products, such as fluorinated fine chemicals, has increased significantly in volume and industrial structure has improved significantly.
The sharp fall in raw material prices led to a fall in the prices of some of the products and continued steady growth in the sales of hfcs refrigerants. 52 weeks of peak/minimum prices fell in the first half of 2023 in the prices of raw materials such as vcm, sulphur, smoke-free coal, electric stones and so on.
The company’s leading position in the fluorine refrigerant market has continued to strengthen. The cyclical climate is still at the bottom of the background.
In this context, companies have also increased their production of fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemical materials, fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated polymers, basic chemical products, and other products. In recent years, companies have continued to innovate and strengthen core competitiveness, creating patterns and trends in industrial co-development, high-end extension.
Fluorinated liquids produce fluorinated fine chemicals at a very high price and actively expand four generations of refrigerant products. For fluorinated liquids, 1,000 tonnes/year of fluorinated liquid production is operational, with fluorinated fluorinated fluorinated fluorinated fluids at an average cost of $10.10 million/ton, +74.35 per cent per year; for sales, 700.53 tons.
For four generations of refrigerants, the company is the only one in the country with one-to-four generation fluorinated refrigerants, and now owns two dominant fourth generation of HFC refrigerant products (for generations), with an annual capacity of 8,000 tons. The company will be actively taking advantage of the third generation of fluorinated refrigerants in the future.
In addition to transforming into business advantages, new low-gwp refrigerant varieties, such as HFC-IV, will be developed on a continuous basis, and mega-stocks (600160.sh) - with a 557% growth in performance in the last three quarters, looking good at industry, blending varieties, and adapting to market changes. We see that companies will expand further in the future with fluorine polymers and fluorine.
Larger shares (600160.sh) - The performance of the fluorinated giants has grown significantly, operating efficiently and achieving high-value-added fluorinated products such as fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids and high-quality development.
Investment recommendations: below profit projections and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies press for market opportunities, p=38, 2/20, 1/15, 1xo has seen a significant growth in second-quarter performance, sustained capture of industry opportunities and sustained advancement of high-end development
In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a significant increase in the production of high-value products such as fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, and a marked improvement in the industrial structure. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s performance was in line with me.
The company has been active in expanding the market share to obtain the hfcs quota, and has continued to firmly establish the industry leader, waiting for the quota option to land at the legislative level, where mega-equity will hopefully lead the industry; at the same time, the company has a well-developed system of production support for chlorinated substances, with the advantage of continuous industrial chain integration and effective cost control;
In addition, in recent years, companies have been actively expanding their reserves and applications of high-value products such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdcma resins, fluorine fluids (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.). Overall, in recent years, companies have actively overcome rising energy and raw materials prices, increased market competition, and increased seasonal and safe production pressures.
By doing so, we see that the company will be able to take full advantage of and benefit from the opportunities offered by changes in industry patterns, focusing on high-quality development, and focusing on the overall requirements of “greening development, digital reform, a new mega-starter” and a first-class product.
At this point in time, we see that the fluorinated industry is ready to be configured, that the company, as the industry leader, will lead the cycle backwards; and that high-value-added products such as fluorinated fluids, fluorinated polymers, etc., will inject dynamism into the company’s long-term growth.
Raw materials: Some of the company's raw materials showed a marked decline. The average prices of vcm, sulphur, smoke-free coal, electrocution, tetrachloroethane were 4808, 1084, 2049, 3690 and 3999 tonnes (excluding taxes), respectively.
During the first half of 2023, the company carefully organized its production operations and operated at a higher level, with continued disruptions and effects on the prices of basic chemical products, fluorinated polymers, third-generation refrigerants hfcs, and continued growth in the production and sale of the dominant products and operating income.
In terms of volume: in the first half of 2023, fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemical materials, fluorinated raw materials, 11.11%. It is worth noting that the export of company products was lower than production, mainly as part of the internal product, and it is worth mentioning that sales of three generations of refrigerants were stable on the basis of a significant increase in the previous year.
In the first half of 2023, the company continued to consolidate its production and sales of three generations of refrigerants, respectively 15.85. From an operational point of view, the company has managed to optimize the structure of products such as hfcs, fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemical products, etc. at the bottom of the fluorine cycle.
In this context, companies continue to operate steadily through capacity-deeping, energy-saving emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, etc. Figure 5: Corporate priority products: trends in sales and average prices of fluorinated polymers, Figure 6: Corporate priority products: trends in sales and average prices of fluorinated fine chemicals, etc.
Refrigerants: 3-generation refrigerant climate pressure from 2020 to 2022, industry climate will gradually rise; 3-generation refrigerant price trends over the last three years: 2020, influenced by the impact of new coronary pneumonia, the Kigali amendment-induced quota competition, 3-generation refrigerant market continued to weaken at the end of 2019, and product prices continued.
The raw hydrofluoric acid (HFA), which had gone down during the epidemic, rebounded after reaching its year-wide low in May 2020. R32 excess capacity continued, with price limits; r134a prices reached their historical lows in recent years. Downstream air conditioning, the automobile industry, in 2020, dropped double production and sales in the first half of 2021.
In August of that year, the prices of refrigerant products rebounded markedly, with price increases for raw materials such as hydrofluoric acid, methane chloride, ethane chloride, etc., and in the context of low refrigerant start-up due to energy consumption, double control and power restrictions, while demand-side refrigerants entered the traditional reserve season. The price increase continued until early November 2021.
Since November 2021, refrigerant prices have been generally reversed in the context of the gradual release of feedstock end supply. In 2022, refrigerant prices have gradually moved down the road. In 2023, prices for refrigerant products have declined and rose. In 2023, the El Niño phenomenon has either re-emerged, warm weather is likely to continue, and traditional demand has continued.
At present, the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol has entered into force for China. According to the agreement, China will reduce HFC use by 80% by 2045 compared to the 2020-2022 baseline.
The country will control the hfcs (HFCs)-related chemicals, including a 2024 freeze on the production and consumption of hfcs. The 2020-2022 demand side has been hit repeatedly by the epidemic, and the demand table for refrigerants for downstream cars/air-conditioning/house power is weak; and it is in the third generation window of refrigerant quotas, with relatively large supply.
The pattern of excess refrigerant production is gradually being eased. The medium- and long-term demand for refrigerants is expected to continue to grow, and with future quotas coming to the legislative level, we see that the three-generation refrigerant price hub is expected to continue to rise, and that refrigerants are about to open up the boom cycle.
The 2023 El Niño event or a re-emergence, with high temperatures in the second half of the year and expected continued growth in the demand for refrigerants in downstream air conditioners, refrigeration, automobiles, etc., with future quotas on the legislative level, we see a sustained increase in the price of three generations of refrigerants. It is also a matter of concern that the fourth generation is expected to continue to rise.
Refrigerant r1234yf, r1234ze, etc. applications are at an early stage, and companies such as mega-stocks, tungsten fluorine, etc. are now in the process of being processed in the future or in stock. The fourth generation of refrigerants will become a green alternative to the third generation of hfc refrigerants because of their superior performance and environmental protection.
The company now owns two mainstream HFC-4 refrigerant product units (including alternative processing) with an annual capacity of 8,000 tonnes. The company will continue to develop lowgwp, such as HFC-4 refrigerants, in addition to actively working under HFC-3 quota control in the future to convert its size advantages into operating advantages.
New refrigerant and blending varieties adapted to market changes. Figure 7: R22 Price and price differential tracking. Figure 8: r32 Price and price differential tracking.
Figure 9: Price and price differential tracking r134a Figure 10: Price and price differential tracking r125 Figure 11: Price and price differential tracking r143a
Figure 12: R142b price-to-price tracking
In the case of fluorine liquid cooling, the current application of liquid cooling technology is mainly to high-performance computing, extensive use in data centre margin computing, artificial intelligence technology, etc. With the development of cloud computing, big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, and innovative data centres with large volumes of data computing and storage, more efficient use is needed to meet business development.
Intel's fourth-generation server, single cpu, in 2022, has passed 350 watts, Invedra single gpu chip, in 700 watts, and i's cluster computing density has generally reached 50 kw/ cabinet. According to our calculations, 40kw/ cabinets require about 500l of fluorine. According to Sadie's consultants, by 2025, liquid cold data.
The central (conservative) market size is $12.83 billion, of which the leaching market accounts for $52.61 billion. According to the Elephant idc, the time of the impregnation of the liquid cold server was 2026-2027. In terms of performance, the fluorine cooling liquid is the cooling fluid that is now more suitable for the data centre ' s liquid cooling system.
In the case of semiconductor scrubbers, fluorinated liquids can be used as a cleaning agent for particulate impurities such as semiconductors, lcd monitors, optical parts, etc., that can effectively remove fluorine residues.
Key supply chain raw materials for crystal round surface temperature control in the process, and long-term national production replacement space for electronic fluorinated fluids. Overall, the demand increase and penetration of “green computing” technologies such as cooling of liquid fluorinated fluids is expected to increase over the long term; and key supply chain feedstocks for crystal surface temperature control in semiconductor etching processes, electronic fluorinated fluorine
There is a wide range of alternatives to domestic production in the medium and long term: by adding up to 3m, we plan to withdraw fully from the pfas business in 2025, and our fluorine enterprises will have broad market opportunities. With the deepening of applications such as high-performance, high-value-added fluorinated products in the coming years, the country’s rapid growth in the fluorine industry is expected to continue.
Currently, according to company announcements, Giant Holdings has successfully developed a large core cooling fluid dedicated to high-performance data centre equipment, filling a gap in domestic high-performance data centre dedicated to cooling fluids, with key performance indicators comparable to foreign monopolistic products. The company ' s fluorine project products consist mainly of jht electronic flow lines, jhl0 lubricant.
The company plans to produce 5,000 tonnes/year of impregnated cooling fluid projects, with one phase of 1,000 tonnes/year operating well, a full increase in the cost of fluorinated fine chemicals, and a second period of 4,000 tonnes of capacity that have not yet started to be built. We hope that future companies will continue to dig through capacity, save energy, and reduce emissions.
Precipitation, structural optimization, etc., further expansion of high-value-added products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids Production of fluorinated industrial products for high-quality development Development of fluorinated polymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains
Companies have continued to work on “long chains, patches, patches, strong lines” and have improved significantly at the industrial level and competitively. Over the last three years, firms have made technological breakthroughs in fluorinated polymers, achieved a quantitative increase, and the product structure has been enriched and significantly improved. Companies now have ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, pfa, etc.
Pvdf has covered downstream industries such as coatings, solar slab membrane, water treatment membrane, cable cables, lithium cell glue, etc., and fkm materials have led the country. The company has formed a new special-colour chlor-alkali industry with vdc-pvdc at its core: in the first half of 2023, the company vinyl chloride polymer has passed through the fourth manufacturing batch.
In particular, over the past three years, companies have been making technological breakthroughs in fluorinated polymers, feedstockization of products, and technological advances. Investment proposals: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Accompanied advantages and a healthy financial structure. Three generations of refrigerant products are now at the bottom of the spectrum, and quota management is about to fall at the legislative level. As structural changes on the supply side deepen and the industry’s competitive patterns converge, we see that three generations of refrigerants are on the way.
The company continues to expand in reverse, and we look forward to more than 30% of the market in the three generations of refrigerants and will lead the cyclical reversion as industry leader. From the fluorine chemical and fluorinated materials industry...as the living standards of our people improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly ... Fluorine.
Chemical products are growing steadily in demand each year with their unique properties, applications and market space. In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, companies are increasing the development of advanced fluorinated chemical materials, high-end extension industries chains, multi-chemical industries have increased synergies, industry structures and product structures continue to optimize, and core competition continues.
At this point in time, we are looking at the timing of the configuration of the HFC flagships. Given the apparent decline in the atmosphere of the pvdf, burning alkaline, etc., the cooler temperature will take some time, and we're going to lower the company.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject