Xinhua 3 is a driving force for sustained growth. The company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017: a net return profit of $110 million in the first three quarters.
\triangleright’s performance met expectations, with an increase in Xinhua’s Xinhua Xinjiangese period and an increase in endogenous profitability. \triangleright’s performance met expectations.
The median growth of 27% was achieved in the third quarter. The main reasons for this were the following: 1. Xinhua Sanctuary and the scale increased from May to September of last year to 1-September. Xinhua Sangon, May to June 2016, contributed 407 million yuan in net profits in January to April 2016, at a median of 1,130 million in net returns in the first three quarters of the year.
2. Business profitability has increased, the Māori rate has increased over time, and the product service structure has become more balanced. After Xinhua’s acquisition, the business structure has gradually shifted from focusing on the distribution of its products and supply chain services to a balanced development pattern based on its infrastructure and solutions and distribution services.
3 Increases in corporate investment earnings and government subsidies. The projected impact of the non-recurring gains and losses on the first three quarters on the net return to the mother is estimated to be between $30 million and $35 million. The median figure of $325 million represents a steady increase of about 30 per cent in corporate performance as a result of the analysis over the Xinhua 3-plus period.
Longer, further evidence of our earlier judgement that the future will be marked by technological innovation as the structure of the product ' s business and its endogenous profitability increase, with the new products strengthening the basis for real performance growth,1 and the vast market space for cloud computing, the focus of which will be the next generation of key technological breakthroughs.
Development of the objectives of the three-year action plan (2017-2019). By 2019, the country's cloud computing industry had reached its size of $43 billion, breaking through a core set of key technologies, and cloud computing services had the capacity to achieve international excellence.
On August 31, 2017, Xinhua published three times a generation of new products calculated and stored under a standard industrial server, a key business plan.
Arithmetic platforms, storage systems, which focus on efficient, agile, safe, continuous evolution, flash, and mass six. The first smart-making public service platform in the industry is launched, and the enabling industries are upgraded through the Platform+Service+Ecology.
1 " Utility shares (000938), performance 3, company as a leading ict manufacturer and with a Qinghua school background, achieving next generation of computing storage, growth over-expected, cloud services eco-cooper performance " .
Technological breakthroughs in advanced areas, such as physical networking and industrial clouds, the moat effect, new products will be on track, looking at cloud-net-end industrial chain layout, looking at corporate synergies under the flag \triangleright \triangleright
1. The company's vertical integration into the big data-based “coated-net-end” industrial chain, horizontal expansion of industry applications in the main direction of cloud computing, smart cities and mobile Internet, and the company's recent designation as the “most branded influential manufacturer in the big data area” at the International Big Data Congress (cbds) and in the field of energy, industry, etc.
The site network has been widely recognized by clients as evidence of the significant impact of industry chain layout and industry applications expansion.2 The synergies of business units such as Xinhua 3 (it basic equipment and solutions), Purple Software (software development system integration), Purple West count (storage), Purple Interconnection (mixed cloud) and so forth are evident and significant.
There is a great deal of interest in the Xinhua sector’s process of expanding applications in big data areas. Thirdly, profit forecasting and investment proposals, and storage, among other things, have grown better and will continue to grow at a higher rate in the future.
JUNG Ping, tmt team leader. Ph.D. in management at the Chinese People’s University, head of the Chinese Petroleum University Business School, bha mentor, and entrepreneurship coach at the Central National University; has nearly 10 years of research experience in the tmt field, and has joined the NLD in 2016.
Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Technology, and post-Doctor of Information Science, Beijing University, Visiting Scholar, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology: Senior Research Scientist, Intel Academy, Allies Democratic Securities 2016. Sun Yu, Computer Research Assistant. Bachelor of Arts, University of Electronics, Master of Finance, Shandong University; two years of experience in software development implementation, League 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.