Utility shares (000938), performance up to date, industrial cloud and object network development base, performance close to the forecast mid-point, looking for long-term synergies to improve profitability
\triangleright’s performance is in line with \twilight’s expectations and continues to look at Xinhua’s three-quality assets and synergies.
It was the extended M&A of Xinhua (51% of holdings) that brought the increase over the period (from May-September of last year to date), and it is clear that in the long run we have focused more on the process of “cloud-net-end” industrial chain layout, and look at the increased ability of the business blocks to work together for profit.
Supply-side reforms boost intelligent manufacturing. \triangleright 1 \Triangleright 1 \Smart manufacturing support is expected to continue strengthening to benefit industrial cloud operations. (1) After the State Department in 2015
Following the introduction of the “China Manufacturing 2025” project, the section of the recent 19th report on “Deepening structural reforms on the supply side” reiterates the proposal “to accelerate the building of the manufacturing power, to accelerate the development of advanced manufacturing industries, and to promote the deep integration of the Internet, large numbers of data, artificial intelligence and the real economy”.
The numbers for 2015-2017 are 46, 63, and 97, in descending order, showing an increasing trend year by year. Given the expanding use of information technology in manufacturing, such as cloud computing and big data, policy advances have helped to drive the rapid growth of related operations, such as public-sector industrial clouds.
The Xinhua Sanit architecture is expected to penetrate more fields. Xinhua's big data analysis and precision positioning techniques can be developed to extend to manufacturing customers such as automobiles, white power, electronic processing, panels, batteries, wind power, etc., to integrate different value data sources for businesses. On August 31, 2017, Xinhua's next generation of industrial standard clothing was released.
The instrument and industry’s first smart-making public service platform have been upgraded through the “platform+service+ecological” enabling industries. Building on the expected strengthening of policy support and growing demand in the industry, Xinhua is expected to take the lead in creating new opportunities for profit growth through the release of new technology products.
* Research assistant: Sun Xiaoqing1 recognizes the strategic value of the company's `Cloud-Net-End' industrial chain layout.
The company's “web-end” link in the industrial chain layout has traditionally gained its edge and has gradually improved the industrial chain layout by acquiring Xinhua's three-pointer, cloud-end shortboards, creating an enhanced bottom storage advantage for the purple-west number, and expanding industry applications (violet interconnection, purple-food clouds, etc.).
2. The material network is well-established, and the industrial chain layout works well. According to Frester Research, the scale of the development of the network will be 30 times the size of the Internet by 2020, G-Net 1, Purple Shares (000938), company review: q3
The equipment will reach 28 billion units with an annual product value of more than $1.9 trillion. In recent days, Xinhua San has met expectations with his best performance, and Xinhua San has injected the momentum for sustained growth.
The engineering project for the large-scale construction of the mobile core network by nfv (network virtualization) technology also supports my judgement on the expectations of good development in the areas of synergy improvement and networking.
New business, such as storage, has grown better, and will continue to grow at a higher pace in the future, looking to “blow-net-end” to maintain a firm’s “highly recommended” rating. Business integration has fallen short of expectations; business expansion in new areas has fallen short of expectations; and new technology development has fallen short of expectations.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, director of the business college of China Petroleum University, head of the ba business school, director of entrepreneurship at the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, allied Chinese student securities in 2016. Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Science and Technology, post-Doctor of Information Science, Beijing University, visiting scholar at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology; and, since 2010, English-speaking student
Senior Research Scientist, Ter Institute, 2016 Contributor to the Bonded Securities Commission. Sun Xiang, Associate Research Assistant in the Computer Industry. Bachelor of Arts, University of Electronics and University of Shandong, Master of Finance, University of Electronic Technology; two years of experience in software development and implementation, 2017, author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,