Quite impressive results from the improved profitability of the high ship prices and the efficiency of the company ' s mitigation efficiency and the promotion of the profit boom and the revenue boom
Millions of dollars, yoy + 108.59%. The profit boom wins revenue at a rate that is largely due to a global loss of new ships. As companies continue to deepen their overall budget management and implement efficiency strategies, corporate fees.
Looking ahead: At the tip of the wind, in the wake of the storm, 2025-5-8 " China Ships: Performance in Performance, Gradual High " 2025-4-30
China ' s ships are adamant about the dynamics of the market, the multi-dimensional drive for the entire industrial chain and the impact of the internationalization of the shipbuilding industry?” 2025-4-8 battalion capacity.1 In terms of the number of new orders, the company carried 59 orders for the collection of goods throughout the year.
China Ships: Merging China Heavy Industry Trading Programs /543.98 million dwt/48.95 billion, according to the new global order of 51.6348 million dwt for the same period, China Ships: Huge Boxes on the wind
Large cycle $2025-1-21 233487 million, further optimized hand-held order structure, container ships, tankers, mega-ethane transport.
Lines (vlec), car carriers (pctc), multi-purpose ships, self-dismantling ships, etc., are broken down by number of ship types of orders without fear of light fog, and sailing to long distances is among the highest in the world;3 in terms of completion of shipbuilding, the company 2025h1 completed the delivery of civilian vessels 48/
Three hundred and fifty-five hundred and twenty-two thousand dwt, or 56.00 per cent of the annual plan, have been completed in tonnage. With more than 50 per cent of the annual target, the company will focus on a number of areas, including market openings, product layout, operating controls, and science, technology and innovation, in order to complete its business plan.
• The merger between Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers is largely on the ground. This reorganization transaction is the largest restructuring project in the history of a stock capital market to date, as well as a merger of the largest volume of global ship trade to date.
When the deal is completed, the total assets of Chinese ships will exceed 400 billion yuan, with annual revenues exceeding 130 billion yuan.
The world’s largest and most well-functioning shipbuilding giants are helping Chinese ships to seize the critical opportunities and build further on the world’s shipbuilding landscape. Profit predictions: the stock fleet is ageing, given the early stages of the current ship’s industry cycle.
It's still high, and the trend of green ship-type development has been determined that, without considering a restructuring of the trade, we anticipate a decline in fleet demand; that global prices for new shipbuilding remain historically high, which could lead to a weakening of shipowners' willingness to buy ships; and that new orders in the new ship-building market are pulsive, with short-term surges or declines in order to buy ships.
It is possible that the prices are seen by some marketers as a forward-looking indicator of new shipbuilding orders, and that large fluctuations will have an impact on orders and market sentiment: the impact of the US-China 301 survey restrictions on China's shipbuilding industry is still unclear.
At the corporate level: the company achieved 40.325 billion yuan in revenue from 2025h1 and completed 1.1. Financial analysis: the company ' s revenues from 2025h1 are impressive in terms of the optimal upgrading of the company ' s hand-held order structure and the same increase in the price of civilian goods delivered from ships.
The ability to control the cost rate and the high state of the ship market have contributed to the profitability of the company.
Since 2021, net interest rates have tended to grow slowly. Companies have achieved significant results in reducing efficiency gains, with cost rates falling year by year since 2020. Companies have been working continuously to reduce efficiency gains, from 2020 onwards, in close proximity to the goal of lowering cost rates.
China’s ships are adept at keeping pace with market dynamics, continuing to drive the entire industrial chain in a multidimensional manner, and upgrading internationalization capabilities.1 According to the volume of new orders, the company 2025h1 carried 59/543.98 order orders from civilian ships throughout the year, 333/2649.11 million dwt/233,487 million orders from civilian ships and further optimized its hand-held order structure.
Container ships, tankers, mega-ethane transport vessels (vlec), motor transport vessels (ptc), multi-purpose ships, and self-loading vessels are among the highest orders in the world; in terms of completion of shipbuilding, the company 2025h1 has completed 48 civilian delivery ships, 35522,000 dwt, and 56.00 per cent of the annual plan for tonnage.
With this objective in mind, the company will focus its efforts on market opening, product layout, operational regulation, and technological innovation in order to complete its business plan. At the industry level, the trend of ship-building orders has slowed, and China’s share remains the world’s number one.
2.1. Ship-building markets: The global trend of new ship-building orders slowed in the context of the international environment. In January-July 2025, uncertainties in the international geopolitical economy remained high, and the global trend of new ship-building orders remained at a gap with the 2024 level.
In March, in solidarity with Gaza, the Al-Houthi armed forces renewed their campaign against the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden and other Israeli merchant ships.
In the attack, the United States subsequently launched a number of large-scale air strikes against the Houthi armed forces, and the route remains blocked; @Trump has been officially elected President of the United States, with significant changes in customs duties and serious challenges facing global trade; and in May, the Office of the United States Trade Representative issued a 301 survey report on China ' s maritime, logistics and shipbuilding industry dominance and decided to move forward.
A step-by-step and the latest restrictions were issued in April. The above events affected global shipping and new ship-building markets in terms of trade volumes, cargo structure, shipping distance, shipping prices, etc. The shipowners are in a state of wait-and-see: the number of new orders dropped and the number of hand-held orders was still high in the current cycle.
The global volume of new orders declined significantly in 2025m1-7. New orders in dwt amounted to 57,753.9 million (modified gross tons) in the global shipbuilding industry. The number of hand held orders in dwt and cgt was at a high point in the current cycle since 2021.
Global shipbuilding hand-held orders (modified gross tonnage) 2025m1-7 global shipbuilding completion of 5453.79 million dwt, yoy-0.63 per cent; conversion of 244.91 million cgt, yoy+1.00 per cent, which is far less volatile than new orders, reflecting a certain level of capacity for global ship production
China ' s new ship-building market: influenced by the 301 survey, the number of new orders dropped by slightly more than the global level of 10,000 cgt, yoy-58.93%. The number of new domestic orders by dwt/cgt was reduced by the same amount compared to the global level by 8.11 pct/7.75 pct. We believe that it was the 301 survey conducted by the United States of America against China ' s ship-building industry that brought China ' s new link to China.
2025m1-7, China ' s shipbuilding product is 28,834.2 million dwt, yoy-77 per cent; equivalent to 1,172.7 million cgt, yoy-8.82 per cent.2.2 Competition pattern: China ' s share in the shipbuilding industry remains the highest in the world
2.2.1. International landscape: China ' s share of the three main indicators of 2025h1 remains first, but the share of new receipts and completions has declined. By dwt, China ' s share of new orders of 2025m1-7 is 61.15 per cent globally, compared with China ' s global share of the three indicators of total revised tonnes in 2024
On a country-by-country basis, the South Korean share of new orders has increased, reaching a dwt share, partly due to the transfer of some orders from some shipowners to South Korean ships in order to avoid the uncertainty of the US survey of the 301 Chinese shipbuilding industry; and in July alone, China ' s share of new orders has returned to 75 per cent.
Domestic pattern: In cgt, China ' s combined share of new orders for ships and heavy labourers is approximately 25.66 per cent. According to the Chinese Ships Annual Report, 2025h1 received new orders of 5.4398 million dwt.
During the same period, the global number of new orders was 51.6348 million dwt, and the domestic number of new orders was 3,026.32 million dwt. The annual China ship report's caliber city occupancy rate was 2,577.5 million cgt of Chinese ships, according to incomplete data from clarksons.
Ship-building orders, China heavyweight workers, 7658,000 cgt new ship-building orders, and China ship + Chinese heavyweight workers, a total of 3.343 million cgt new ship-building orders. Global new orders for the same period were 2,326,616 million cgt, domestic new orders were 13.309 million cgt, corresponding to the global market share of Chinese ships/China heavy work/China ship + China heavy work.
On the evening of August 29, China’s heavy-duty workers issued a " Notice on the termination of listing of company shares " , which decided that China’s heavy-duty-a-stock stock would cease to be listed and closed at 2025.
On September 5th, China’s ships will then begin to exchange shares, and the entire merger-absorbing transaction is nearing completion. The restructuring transaction is the largest ever-scale restructuring of the capital market up to now, as well as the largest-value merger in the world’s ship industry.
China’s heavy jobs will end listing and cancel legal personality, and China’s ships will take over all the assets, liabilities, operations, personnel, contracts, and all other rights and obligations of China’s heavy jobs. China’s ships, as depository companies, will have a total assets of over 400 billion yuan, with annual revenues of over 130 billion yuan and will be the largest and most operational in the world.
On the one hand, global trade frictions could affect maritime trade volumes in the short term, and on the other hand, global trade frictions could lead to deep industrial restructuring, if they were to intensify against the trend of globalization.
And developed countries are pursuing a return to manufacturing flows and re-industrialization, which is negative for the long-range transport of some commodities. The Red Sea route crisis has been eased, and the drop in shipping distance has led to a decline in fleet demand. Since the second half of 2023, the Red Sea route crisis has led to large-scale bypasses of merchant ships to South Africa’s Cape of Good Hope, with a significant increase in average shipping distance pushing up maritime demand.
If traffic in the Red Sea sea lanes is restored, the demand for maritime transport may be reduced; The global price of new ships is maintained at historically high levels, which may reduce the willingness of shipowners to buy ships.
There is limited space to move up a step, which may lead shipowners to look-and-see mentality and reduce their willingness to buy ships; New ship-building market levels are pulsed, with the possibility of short-term surges or declines. Our judgement on ship-building cycles is based mainly on historical ship-building completions, essentially smoothing new orders.
(b) Prices are perceived by some marketers as a forward-looking indicator of new shipbuilding orders, and significant fluctuations will have an impact on orders and market sentiment;
The extent to which the US survey restrictions on the Chinese shipbuilding industry have affected China ' s shipbuilding industry remains unclear.