The 400g light module speeded up the delivery of goods into the 5g market development period 28 August 2019 Event: On the night of 23 August 2019, Mid-Sukwok released its semi-annual report for 2019, which achieved a business income of 2,035 million yuan, a 27.97 per cent decline in the same year; it became operational
q2 income rebounded and the Māori rate improved. This was influenced by the slowdown in capital spending and the de-stocking of some clients and the fact that priority customers have not yet begun to import 400g in full.
\triangleright’s revenues and net profits are down from the same period last year. But the company collected 1,160 million dollars in the second quarter, a decline of 18.7% from the same year, and the ring grew by 32.4%: the volume of q2 net profits started to increase gradually, the volume of 5g products started to be delivered in bulk. The Māori rate for the company’s high end light module was 28.7% in the first half of 2019, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The company as a whole has continued to grow its Māori rate, demonstrating its capacity to control its costs. The 5g wireless market, and the 5g frontloading of products.
\triangleright delivers to customers, while \triangleright transmits and retransmits products are increasingly being sampled, certified or tested, while \telelink network products are also being developed and exported. 5g base stations started bulk delivery in 2020, so the company’s 5g forwards are now fast-tracking. 5g or 50gpam4 will be used.
100g/200g/400g dry light module, which the domestic operator will launch in 2020, will generate demand for intermediate and return products. The market for the entire 5g light module is higher than 4g in volume and wide space. 400g products are expected to be released in the second half of the year. The cost and power per bytes of 400g products will decrease relative to 100g products, so the industry pushes 400g.
\triangleright, the research assistant of King Satama, has the technical advantage of being ahead of his competitors in research and development and client certification of 400g products and will enjoy the initial dividends of high-end product release.
\triangleright, "Medium Cream (300308.sz) - with high performance growth, short-term downturns that do not affect firm upward trends over the long term " 19.04.
Risk factors: Operators build less than expected risk, Central American trade friction risk, data centre light module demand risk slowing down.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Tianjin, Beijing University, has had eight years of experience in mobile phone development, laboratory management, etc., and in the computer industry.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.