Short-term fluctuations in demand lead to performance pressure and a long-term positive trend, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: company ' s 2019 H1 performance forecast issued on 14 July, with net return profits expected in the first half of the year
Depending on the pace of client procurement. The profit falls year-on-year in the first half of 2019. The performance forecast shows that middle-end is about $190 million-$230 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 28.1%-41.0% in the same year. Net profit falls are mainly due to the company ' s temporary delay of 100g products on the side of its income due to the consumption of stock by some customers.
Procurement and the extension of the 2019 bidding decision-making process to a quarter by some clients, so that the purchase order did not remain largely stable in terms of the annual Māori rate, suggesting that the company had reduced efficiency and optimized the product structure in the context of the price reduction of the product, and we believe that the company maintained a stronger value chain and higher profitability.
• Quarterlyly, q2’s performance peaked in 2019 or is now in the heat cycle. On a quarterly basis, q1-2019 q2 slated profits (before the equity incentive) in Suzhou were split in 2018 q1-2019 Q2 Q2 further increased R & D inputs in 2019, and the cost of R & D increased in comparison with 2019 q1.
Real income ring increases faster than profit increases. Corporate q2 sales earnings and net profits have increased steadily compared to the q1 ring, mainly because some of the priority clients began to grow their demand for products such as 100g in the second quarter, and the company’s latest 400g product began to increase gradually compared to q1 when q2 was delivered, and the product was passed before 5g.
The demand for 100 g products is expected to continue, and 400g demand will be released gradually. According to Lightning, the demand for 100g products is expected to continue to grow, with cloud computing firms like the Facebook project.
They continue to use 100g in their next-generation network architecture, and the current 100g product technology pattern has stabilized, and companies will continue to have an absolute advantage in the 100g free optical program, with costs, good rates, capacity, etc. matching the needs of large clients. 400g products will be delivered in small quantities, and demand will gradually begin to release.
The 400g product is also at the forefront, starting with the traditional program, followed by the silicon light program, which is expected to be launched this year, starting with 400g products in the second half of the year and meeting the needs of future customers for 400g in a timely manner. The company’s leading edge in the high-speed light module market will continue to be maintained.
With the construction of 5g, the company has gained a better share in the tender for the forward transmission module of the mainstream equipment commercial base, and has already achieved bulk delivery, providing a good basis for the company’s entry into the telecommunications market.
During the construction peak period, the technological advantages accumulated by the company in the digital market and the good start in the pre-tendering process, the strong demand for the telecommunications-grade light module over the next 5g period is expected to be a long-term contribution to the company’s performance. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
The market, which is expected to continue to lead in the future at 400g, and we believe that the future performance of companies is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Clouds calculate the risks of less than expected market demand, less than expected market expansion of 5g, competition for light module products 2.
3. Middle and Middle Creatures (300308); three-quarters report performance forecasts are expected, long-term logic is still good, and firm long-term logic is still good.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.