The light module drives robust growth, and the market is entering an upswing period, 24 August 2019  event: Middle-H1 Middle-Stock 2035.20 million yuan, a 27.97 per cent decline compared to the previous year.
▪ Business income has increased steadily, and development of 5g has progressed well: since the second quarter, with some of the key clients starting to recover their demand for products such as 100g, 400g products starting to grow and adding, and 5g products starting to be delivered in bulk, middle- and middle-income sales and net profits.
The ring ratio rose steadily during the first quarter of the year. Corporate income increased by 32.42 per cent over the first quarter in the second quarter of the year 2019, and net profit on maternity increased by 8.35 per cent over the first quarter. 3 Decreased and R&D expenditure transformed significantly: middle-to-end sales costs of 2019q2
11.29 million yuan, or 14.60 per cent less than the previous quarter; 2019 q2 management costs (including R & D fees, 190.81 million yuan for middle-life R & D expenditure, an increase of 15.92 per cent over the previous quarter. Companies set up more than 20 new product projects each year, with two thirds of the result-based industrialization projects completed in the year.
Data centre accelerated construction, 5g network construction was ready, and the light module had a great future: cloud computing 1, Middle Cream (300308): middle-to-end
The application of technologies such as big data drives the acceleration of the construction of megadata centres around the world, triggering the emergence of a shock: the need to benefit 400 g light modules, the increased industry demand for high-speed light modules, and an iterative update of the light modules.
5g, followed by industry development, network building readiness, technological upgrades with ultra-bandwidth bandwidth and continued growth of telecom operators, 2019-07-09.
The demand has driven the telecommunication light module market into an upward cycle, promisingly. Future corporate research and development on 400g high-speed light communication module and new products from 5g rapid-light module will continue to be in the industry. There is a potential for further upgrading: 5g market expansion is not as high as expected: competition for light module products increases.
Business income has risen steadily, and 5g development is progressing well 20,35.20 million yuan, a 27,97 per cent decline over the same period, of which 2019q2 has had a negative impact on the slowdown in market investment in data centres. 219h1 net profit from parent companies has reached RMB 207.31 million.
But since the beginning of the second quarter, there has been a steady increase in the income and net profit from middle-end sales compared to the first quarter, thanks to the recovery in demand for products such as 100 g from some of the priority clients, the gradual increase in the volume of 400 g products, and the start of bulk delivery of 5g products. The company’s revenue increased by 32.42% in the second quarter of 2019 compared to the first quarter, and its return.
Net profits are 8.35% higher than in the first quarter. The development of the 5g market in the country has also made good progress, with 25g-old products delivered to customers in bulk during the reporting period, while the distribution of intermediate and echoed products is intensifying.
Millions of dollars, a 54.7 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to lower operating income during the period, resulting in lower returns.
11.29 million yuan for the sale of the mid-point scavengers in 2019q2. 14.60 per cent less than the previous quarter: $154.67 million for the administration of 209q2 (including R & D costs), 43.75 per cent more than in the previous quarter, setting aside R & D costs, and incurred discounting costs for the excess performance incentive against the first quarter base, which did not occur during the current period; and significant loss on exchange in the current period than in the previous period
Decreased. Mid-H1 R & D expenditure was 190.81 million yuan, an increase of 15.92 per cent over the previous year. The company created more than 20 new product projects each year, with more than two thirds of the result-based industrialization projects completed in the year, with significant transformation advantages.
In the context of the eruption of information flows in the network age, applications of technologies such as cloud computing and big data drive the acceleration of the construction of mega-data centres worldwide, leading to an increase in industry demand for high-speed light modules, as well as an annual increase of 338 to 628 (53 per cent) in 2021, with a combined annual growth rate of 13 per cent.
The 5g network, which is ready to be launched, and the demand for technology upgrades with overbanded bandwidth and for telecommunication operators to mitigate efficiency, has prompted the telecommunications light module market to enter an upswing cycle with great promise. The 5g network is being built to raise the demand for light module products in terms of volume and speed, and the distance of transmission required is increasing.
25g light module products dominated: intermediate or 50gpam4: 5g echoes or will use 100g/200g/400g associated light module (high-speed long distance).
There is an outstanding advantage. According to the Lightcounting report, the Middle-Inventorious Company, Suzhou, ranked second in the global market share of the global light module in 2017, and future corporate research and development of new products for the 400g high-speed light communication module and the 5g communication module will continue to be in the forefront of the industry.
The growth in the market for high-speed light modules of more than 1,400 g is slower than expected, resulting in weak growth in corporate revenue. The Internet Division’s capital expenditure is mainly on servers, network exchange equipment, and light.
2. There is a potential for further escalation in China’s trade frictions, and there is a risk of uncertainty about companies setting up plants abroad and looking for replacements. Given the Trump’s hostile ideology of trade and globalization, the US government is likely to continue its unilateral policy of protection against China and its major trading partners.
3 and 5g markets are not expanding as much as expected. Operators’ 5g fee schemes are improving faster, but end-of-application markets are expanding less quickly than expected, and 5g has little early content eco-building. 4. Risks of increased competition for light module products. 100g modules are already a more mature technology, and many companies have already done so.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory committee.