Greater exposure to complex external environmental impacts, waiting for 5g and 400g demand, greater negative impact on the profitability of the company in the middle of the mountain, and the expectation that corporate profitability will continue in the short term.
Stabilizing the first three positions in the global light module: according to vum data, companies have long been in the first echelons of global light module suppliers, despite the emergence of a competitive pattern of participation in the light module industry in 2019.
Change, but companies are still the third largest in the world. In the digital field, the company's long-standing position as one or two has not changed.
There is a huge gap between the threatened competitors and the companies. By selling the stock, the companies are left with too much uncertainty: from the statement, despite the varying degrees of decline in revenue and profits, the company’s inventory has not increased significantly and remains secure.
Hold within reasonable space and secure sufficient space for companies to wait for 400-g products during the window period. In addition, the combination of stock sales and continuously optimized supply chain management allows companies to accumulate enough experience to consistently and effectively reduce costs and to earn more for future profit reversals.
The rate of harvests slowed somewhat, and the ring comparison showed signs of stability: a quarterly drop in the median reported year-on-year data cut-off date: 23 August 2019, the season cycle of stock replenishment by major clients. Multiple uncertainties in the external macro-environment
As a result, despite the slowdown in the construction of the global data centre, we believe that the end-user needs _aaa_mid-life evaluation report (300308), did not show a significant decline, with many of the country's idc manufacturers showing varying degrees of growth.
The demand for data centres by domestic end-users remains strong. 5g and 400g remain the company’s top point of view in the future: 400g product Wang Smin from the perspective of expectations
High profit margins will put pressure on companies to run down the current price of 40g and 100g products; the demand for the 5g prelight module will bring full business additions to open up the company without Xu Yingbin.
They are 62 times, 34 times, 23 times, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies, taking into account their industry status and the valuation levels of other companies in the industry. • Risk factors: under-construction of 5g, increased friction in Central American trade, and demand for 400g products
The business risks and challenges faced by companies have increased significantly as a result of the downward pressure on the domestic economy, the frequency of worldwide trade frictions, and the current macro-environment, which has changed dramatically from the beginning of this year; at the demand side, the construction of 5g has not progressed beyond expectations and market demand has not improved at all times; and in the short term, high-end customers abroad have increased their exposure to 400g products.
For a number of reasons, we have adjusted the company’s performance projections accordingly. The valuation levels of other firms in the industry, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
The performance forecast for the company’s transmission business is based on a 5g build-up that is expected, for example, if the 5g is not built, it will affect the company’s performance forecast for the transmission business. Trade friction between the US and China has increased.
The intensification of the war and the creation of supply chain-level disadvantages will affect the overall performance of the company; at the same time, any change in China’s trade frictions will have a greater impact on the company’s performance, as the company’s main revenue comes from the North American region. 400g product demand falls short of expectations. Our performance projections for the company over the next two years are based on the company’s main customers.
It is about to be upgraded from the current 100-g product to 400g product. If 400g demand falls short of expectations, it will have a greater impact on the future profitability of the company.