South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In 2019, the largest supplier of marine clothing in the country, the company, was the largest supplier of marine clothing in the country, and now has four major business plates for drilling wells, oilfield technology, ship services, and surveying. The beneficiary clothing market warmed up, with the company losing its performance significantly in 2019.
31.14 billion yuan, or 41.9 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother of 2.5 billion yuan, or 34.34.2 per cent over the same period; net profit on the realization of net profit on the shareholdings of listed companies of 2.15 billion yuan, or a significant loss over the same period.
The first cycle, driven by high oil prices, saw a significant increase in the capital expenditure of oil companies. The company’s primary profit point is drilling platforms, where revenue and performance continue to grow at a high rate; the second cycle, which began in 2018, was mainly driven by domestic energy conservation policies.
In the middle of medium- and low-price prices, companies have made a breakthrough in their performance by using oil technology services as their main profit point. • Technology plates have been broken, state-of-the-art national production replaced, highlighting the growth of the current cycle: company oil field technology service plates have been broken, and Māori rates have crossed the peak of the last cycle.
Specialized services such as surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, solid wells, completion of wells, repair of wells, and increased production of oil fields were the main focus. In 2019, oil prices as a whole remained in mid- and low-lying conditions, with the Māori rate of the company’s technological plates reaching 26.4 per cent, compared to 68 per cent, reflecting a significant increase in the company’s technological strength, highlighting the growth of the cycle.
High-end technologies such as wells break foreign monopolies, replace national production, and provide solid support for the growth of oil plates.
Inner energy conservation policies, with a higher climate than foreign oil-suit companies, have continued to increase platform utilization. The company currently operates 54 drilling platforms, which are the second largest horizontal comparison in the world. In 2019, the company ' s use of drilling platforms recovered significantly, and the daily rate increased. The plate 's Māori rate returned to 11.7%, compared to 16.2 pct, but the same rate increased.
The increase in consumption is expected to lead to a recovery of the plate’s Māori ratio, which is expected to increase until day-to-day costs. Profit predictions and investment proposals: While the recent volatility in oil prices has had a certain impact on the garment industry, there is still a large gap between domestic production growth targets and the medium- and long-term sustainability of the seven-year action plan.
1 Reciprocal: The last round of drilling plates is the main profit point, and this cycle is driven mainly by oil technology services, which are one of the largest suppliers of marine clothing in the world, with complete service chains and powerful marine oil suits.
The portfolio of equipment, which covers the entire process of exploration, development and production of oil and gas fields, is one of the few capable suppliers of integrated services in the global oil field services industry, providing both a single business operation for customers and an integrated assembly and master-contracting operation service for customers.
For example, in South-East Asia, Australia, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa’s coast, and Europe’s coasts, companies are now ranked third in the world in terms of the size of the drilling services, and second in terms of the number of operations of the drilling platforms. In terms of the technical services of the oil fields, companies have been in possession of marine oil fields technology and land for many years.
The experience of field-field technical services has enabled the provision of complete technical and professional services in oil fields, including surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, anchoring wells, and production increases, while at the same time accounting for most of China’s market share of technical services in offshore oil fields. The market for oil-for-saves was warming, and the company’s non-parent net profit in 2019 was significantly reversed.
Income of $31.14 billion, or 41.9 per cent over the same period; net return of $2.50 billion over the same period; net profit of 34.34.2 per cent over the same period; net profit of $2.15 billion for shareholders in listed companies. During the same period last year, net profit of $570 million over the same period was deducted from the non-repatriation of the parent, and drilling + technology was driven by two wheels and company elasticity was continuously released.
Industry revenues increased by 10,84 billion yuan, compared with 39.6 per cent, mainly due to increased demand for the operation of the company-drilling platform in the market, improved use of the platform and higher daily fees; oilfield technical services generated business revenues of 15.6 billion yuan, an increase of 53.3 per cent compared to the same year, and the company increased its R & D investment to the oil field technical services portfolio more strategically.
This has led to a faster growth of the technology plate; the operation of the ship services has achieved operating income of $3.06 billion, or 13.0 per cent more than the previous year; the collection and engineering services have achieved operating income of $2.17 billion for the year as a whole, or 31.6 per cent more than the previous cycle, which was dominated by drilling platforms.
During the last decade, companies have undergone two rounds of industry cycles. From 2010 onwards, companies have experienced two rounds of cycles in terms of revenue and performance growth. The first cycle (2011-2014) has driven the capital of China and China as a result of high international oil prices.
The second cycle began in 2018, with the country’s policy of increasing production in response to the need for energy security, and the country’s domestic market for oil garments began a new boom. From China’s oil orders, China contributed 78.2% of its revenues in mid-2019, compared to 2.33 ptt. Based on historical experience, the public sector has been able to raise the price of oil.
The Division’s share of China’s oil capital expenditure from China Sea also showed a relatively stable trend. In 2008-2019, the figure was between 18 and 34 per cent, and the hub was about 26 per cent. In mid-2019, real oil expenditure was on average + 28 per cent, so the company’s high oil prices in the last round kept China Sea oil capital expenditure high, and the company’s deep profits, drilling platforms, etc.
Since late 2008, when Oec announced a daily reduction of 2.2 million barrels of crude oil, international oil prices have rebounded at a relatively high level. In the period 2011-2014, Brent crude oil prices remained at a high level of $70-130. In the period 2011-2012, the wave of revolutions in the Arab Spring led to a significant supply of Libyan crude oil.
Since then, the oil embargo on Iran has contributed to further increases in crude oil prices. High international oil prices have stimulated annual increases +76.16%.
In the context of the growing need for self-controlling of our hydrocarbon resources, national policies have frequently been introduced since 2018 to boost production in our oil and gas reserves. Since 2018, there have been a number of important country-level directives calling on oil companies to increase domestic oil and gas exploration and development efforts to ensure that oil and gas production becomes more effective.
High-quality supply of oil and gas. The domestic garment industry began a substantial reversal. During this period, despite fluctuations in international oil prices and a one-time downturn in Brent crude oil prices of $50, capital spending on three barrels of oil continued to increase, and the domestic oil and clothing industry started a new boom.
Oil technology services are the main contributor to the company ' s performance, with Māori accounting for over 68 per cent in 2019.2 Oil technology services: replacement of national production for technology services, highlighting the growth of the current cycle, 2.1 company technical services modules are dominated by specialized services such as survey wells, orientation wells, etc.
As an important part of our energy services sector, it provides engineering and technical services for oil and gas exploration, as well as measures to deal with them, and carries out a number of operations related to technical services.
This is a narrow interpretation of the oil field service industry, but, in a broad sense, the manufacturing of oil equipment and equipment is also its main business. The oil field technical services can be divided into five major geophysical explorations, drilling wells, logging wells, oil and gas exploration, oil field construction, etc.
At the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, held in 2003, the participating experts, after a systematic study of oil and gas services, proposed that it be divided into five major plates: 1) geophysical exploration; 2) record wells; 3) well-drilling; and 4) oil.
Mining: 5) oil field construction. Five people are connected. The first four plates are the basic link for oil and gas fields, while the last link is based on a clear determination of the value of oil field development production. The company ' s oil field technical services are mainly specialized in surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, wells, wells, wells completion, wells repair, oil fields production, etc.
China’s offshore oilfields are the main suppliers of technical services. They also provide technical services for terrestrial oil fields. The Consortium provides its customers with complete oil field technical services through continuous investment in scientific and technological research and development, advanced technological equipment, and excellent management teams, including but not limited to drilling wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, solid wells, completion of wells, construction of wells, and increased production of oil fields.
2.2 The company ' s oil technology services have broken out, the Māori rate has crossed the peak of the last winding cycle, and the technology plate is of strategic importance for the company ' s development. First, the oil technology services business is more difficult, the technology level is more demanding, many of the cutting-edge oil technology services are in the hands of foreign leaders, and the dynamic development of the oil technology business can upgrade the company ' s skills.
(b) Second, because of the technological intensity of oil technology services, Māori rates for oil technology services are higher than for other operations, the development of oil technology operations is effective in increasing the profitability of companies; and, third, compared to drilling operations, oil technology services are light equipment, light asset operations, hence a period of discomfort in the garment industry, oil technology operations are generated
The technology plate’s Māori rate rebounded rapidly after it hit the bottom in 2016, and its gross profit contribution exceeded 68% in 2019.
The total cost of the technology plate is effectively controlled by a significant reduction in major costs, such as repair and material consumption. In 2018, the gross profit of the company was 2,40 billion yuan, of which the total profit of the technology plate was gross.
For $2.49 billion, the gross profit contribution rate of the plate was over 100 per cent (in 2018, well drilling was due to a Maori rate of -4.5 per cent and the corresponding gross profit rate of the company service plate was above the peak of the previous cycle, mainly due to import substitution for high value-added service operations.It is worth noting that in 2019, the price of oil as a whole remained in the middle zone, with the company ' s technology plate having a Maori rate of 26.4 per cent.
More specifically, the technology plate is thick and thin, and priority technologies have been broken. Autonomous research and development of sounding information explaining software egps; successful development of new anti-temperature sequestering agents with autonomous intellectual property rights, high-temperature suspension stabilizers, liquid abatements, etc.
Plus: cable-testing technology at internationally advanced levels; maturing technological capabilities with directional drilling; well-drilling of liquids technical services widely praised; well-fixing technical services to capture high-risk wells; increased production technology to open the sea and beyond. 2.3 Targeted well technology breaks foreign monopolies and supports oil plate growth.
Targeted drilling techniques have long been monopolized by Europe and the United States. Targeted drilling is the process by which the borehole drills along the pre-designed borehole axis (the borehole track) to reach the intended target. (Well tilt control is the drilling process by which the boreholes are slashed to the prescribed limits of wells, severity, horizontal shift, etc.) Targeted drilling techniques include wireless drilling surveying and surveying wells (mwd+lwd), rotation orientation (rss)
The two core technical links, which have long been globally dominated by international giants in oil uniforms, such as Slembeche, Hariberton and Beckhouses (with more than 80 per cent of the city), have allowed other countries to purchase equipment or produce higher prices from them, reduce the construction cycle, and the use of targeted drilling techniques has had significant economic benefits.
A reduction in land acquisition costs and a reduction in the cost of land acquisition for each of the boreholes that were built before the targeted wells were introduced would require the expropriation of a well site, as well as the expropriation of land occupied by the road to the wells, which would require more land acquisition if the terrain were to be complicated and if the roads were to be constructed. Now, the use of the targeted drills has resulted in significant savings in land expropriation for the field.
(ii) Reduced construction cycle and lower cost of relocation. The shorter construction cycle refers mainly to fewer rig relocations following the introduction of targeted drilling, from one first move in the past to one move in the present platform. The lower number of relocations and consequent cost reductions. 3) Increased production of single wells and better economic efficiency.
This is mainly a near-level oily sand layer with a thin oil layer. The selection of the right angles of the well through the directional drilling has led to an increase in the thickness of the extracting layer and a significant increase in the amount of solar oil.
The market value of targeted drilling services is expected to increase to $10.3 billion by 2021, from $8.33 billion in 2016 to a compound annual growth rate of 4.34 per cent between 2016 and 2021 (cagr). As a result of urbanization and industrialization, continued shale gas recovery and the discovery of new oil fields, growing energy demand is a major driver of the global market for targeted drilling.
Breaking the foreign monopoly, and technology substitution to show the growth of the cycle. In 2016, China developed the lwd+mwd technology autonomously, and in 2018 it developed a fully autonomous intellectual property rights-oriented (rss) technology leading its domestic competitors for three to five years (one to two generations). Prior to that, the technology was completely monopolized by foreign high-end companies.
During the two-fifths period, China's oil industry alone paid more than $5 billion for technical services, and therefore was unable to keep the information on the surface of the oil and gas wells confidential. It benefited from a breakthrough in technology autonomy. The company's oil plate was thick and thin.
3 Drilling platform: fully benefiting from domestic energy security policies, continuing to mention 3.1 energy security policies that are strong and sustainable, with clear increases in production of the seven-year China Sea Oil Action Plan, continued low crude oil production and reduced crude oil self-sufficiency to only 30.8 per cent, according to data from the National Statistical Office, I was in 2018.
For the third year in a row, the country ' s crude oil production stood at 189 million tons, or 1.3 per cent of the corresponding figure, and was below the production level of 100 million tons, leaving a shortfall of 11 million tons by 2018. With regard to the trade deficit, according to the General Customs Administration, in 2018 our original oil trade deficit was $238.99 billion, exceeding the integrated circuits to become our first deficit.
There is still a significant gap in natural gas production over the 135 target, and external dependence continues to rise. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, gas production in 2018 was 16.3 billion m3, compared with 8.3 per cent in 2018; gas consumption was 28.3 billion m3, compared with 18.1 per cent in 2018.
For the first time in a year, we have surpassed Japan as the world’s largest natural gas importer, with 12,5.4 billion m3 in natural gas imports, a historic high. There is still a significant gap between our natural gas production and the 2020 target of 200 billion m3 in the 13th Plan, and it is expected that in the period ahead the policy will push forward the supply of oil and gas, with the full impact of the offensive.
In this context, a number of policies have been put in place to boost oil and gas reserves in the country. Since 2018, a number of important instructions have been issued at the national level, calling on oil companies to increase their domestic oil and gas exploration efforts to ensure a high-quality supply of oil and gas. In May 2019, the National Energy Agency organized a workshop on the promotion of oil and gas exploration efforts, at which it was clearly stated that they should be completed.
On that day, the National Energy Commission, which was established in 2010 as the country ' s highest-level energy agency, held a meeting that focused on increasing domestic oil and gas exploration and development, promoting increased production from reserves and increasing the capacity for oil and gas self-sufficiency, and which provided greater strategic guidance to our energy development efforts in the coming years.
China Sea Oil responded positively to Shanghai’s call for accelerated oil and gas exploration. In January 2019, China Sea Oil developed a seven-year plan of action for the future domestic exploration and exploitation of China’s sea oil, which indicates a doubling of the exploration workload and discovery reserves of the company by 2025; and China Sea Oil convened a major scientific and technical conference in Shenzhen at the end of May 2019.
The meeting stressed that by 2025, the target of 20 million m3 of the West South Sea oil field and 20 million tons of the East South Sea oil field will be fully completed. According to this plan, by 2025, the production of oil in the West South Sea oil field will have almost doubled, and the production of oil and gas in the East South Sea oil field will have increased by almost one third.
3.2 Fully benefiting from domestic energy security policies, the utilization of drilling platforms continues to increase. The company operates 54 drilling platforms, the second largest in the world in a horizontal comparison. By the end of December 2019, the company had shipped 54 drilling platforms (including 40 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms).
The size of the platform is the second largest in the world. The first is valaris (former Ensco, combined with Rowan), noble (17) and Diamond (12). In terms of platform utilization, companies benefit from the recovery of the domestic market for oil uniforms, which boosts the capacity of the platform over most countries.
In 2019, the average utilization rate of the corporate platform was 76.6 per cent; overseas, in order of utilization of the platform, there was no comparison between the noble (79 per cent), valaris (63 per cent), transocean (56 per cent), diamond (49 per cent), and the market for offshore oil uniforms, which was linked to the depth of oil prices, had not yet seen a significant recovery.
In 2019, the utilization rate of the rigs recovered significantly, and the daily rate increased. In 2019, the beneficiary industries increased the operation of the rigs, with the company drilling platforms operating for 14737 days, i.e. +32.3 per cent of the year.
This compares with an increase of 11.7 pct to 78.5 per cent, broken down by 81.0 per cent for the self-enhancement platform calendar day, and +14.4 pct; 71.4 per cent for the semi-submarine platform, and +3.9 pct. At the same time, the company drilling platform daily rate has been raised in tandem with overall warming. In 2019, the company drilling rig rate was $68,000 per day, compared to +6.3 per cent for the semi-submarine rig.
In terms of capacity, the company deployed two offshore platforms back home in the first half of 2019, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, on the other.
This is reflected in the high domestic climate. It reflects the firm’s interest in market opportunities, optimized resource allocation, and well-balanced layout: it also bears witness to the high profile of the domestic market for offshore garments.
The company, as a domestic offshore pipeline leader, is strongly pushing up oil and gas production at the national policy level. In the medium and long term, the company has benefited from a capital build-up of oil companies, mainly from China and China.
This expenditure is subject to a dynamic adjustment. China Sea Oil ' s initial planned capital expenditure budget for 2020 was $850-95 billion, an increase of 6.8 to 19.3 per cent over the 2019 real international expenditure, and the company indicated that it would adjust the original plan to the current oil price situation to a certain extent: (1) oil field technology services: corporate technology plates have been broken, and the Maori rate has been over the last week under medium and low oil prices.
The continued upturn in the business climate has led to a recovery in the company's drilling operations and a significant increase in the utilization of the offshore drilling platform. In the event of an outbreak and oil, ship service: the company's shipboard is operating at a high rate of operation and use, and we expect that the income of the plate will be sustained by the three major companies that we have selected in the garment industry, with an average of 29 per cent per year in 2020.
While there is some impact on the garment industry, there is still a large gap between domestic production and production growth targets, looking at the medium- to long-term sustainability of the seven-year action plan. The company is the domestic champion of offshore oil uniforms, the technology plate breaks foreign monopolies and the high-end technology breaks, and will benefit deep domestic energy security for the boost process, covering for the first time, with a “holding” rating.
The risk of large fluctuations in oil prices: oil prices have a significant impact on the oil industry. This is mainly due to fluctuations in oil prices, which affect the profitability of oil companies, and consequently their capital spending, and hence their operations, as well as their profitability. If oil prices fluctuate significantly, and even fall below the cost line, there will be a negative impact on the profitability of companies.
Lower, less sensitive to oil prices, but high fluctuations in oil prices will have some impact on the capital spending of oil companies. Domestic oil and gas production is not as strong as expected: as oil-field service firms, domestic operations are more relevant to domestic oil and gas development.
And it is expected that indicators such as transmission to company drilling platforms, utilization rates, etc., will not rise as much as expected, affecting the company’s Māori rate, and spending less on domestic oil firms’ capital: the company, as an oil-field service provider, is mainly responsible for three barrels of oil in the country. There is therefore a strong correlation between domestic oil companies’ capital spending and corporate income, among other indicators.
Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.