Energy supply support & business structure optimization, oil service taps rise back-up (601808.sh) energy supply support & structure optimization, oil service taps rise back-up, cover for the first time, and give a "buy-in" rating
The company is the largest supplier of offshore oil and gas exploration and development in the country. The China-China oil seven-year action plan provides stable and strong support over the medium to long term, and the company will be in a state-owned energy-controllable deep.
• National energy self-controllable policies drive the cycle, and companies rely heavily on China Sea oil for their performance, with different cycle drivers: the first cycle (2011-2014), with high oil prices as the main driver, oil
The second cycle began in 2018, with national energy self-control policies as the main driver, and the correlation with oil prices began to weaken. The cycle was strongly supportive: China and China proposed a seven-year plan, with a doubling of their exploration workload and reserves in 2025.
Under the low impact of international oil prices, China and China reduced capital spending for the year from $850-95 billion to $75-85 billion on 29 April, but domestic operations remained almost unchanged, with domestic capital spending increasing by 10 per cent on a median basis over the same year, while domestic production grew by 4 per cent over the same period, reflecting the strong enforcement of energy self-controllable policies.
In 2019, Māori reached an all-time high of 26.4 per cent, Māori contributed more than 68 per cent, highlighting the growth of the current cycle; and the China-China Oil Seven-Year Plan countries.
Intra-capital spending has risen steadily, providing strong support for performance. Well-drilling operations: a strategy that benefits from domestic energy conservation policies and internationalization opens the space for demand, and in 2019, the company-drilling platform usage recovered significantly, and the plate-rich rate returned to 11.7%, compared to +16.3pt, but there is still much room for improvement over the previous cycle. Oil prices are associated with daily fees.
Connectivity, if oil prices are stable, the platform ' s increased utilization is expected to lead to the recovery of the plate ' s Māori ratio from day to day.
China Sea oil suits are one of the largest integrated oilfield service providers in the world and are internationally competitive. The Division has a complete chain of offshore oil and gas mining services, ranging from physical exploration, drilling to technical services in the oil fields, which essentially dominates the domestic offshore market, highlighting its leading position.
The Hong Kong United Exchange was listed on its main board and then on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in September 2007, and since the company was re-listed in 2007, it has been tested by the two industry downturn cycles of 2009 and the second half of 2014, raising 10 billion dollars in total equity financing and growing steadily.
In 2007, the company made a total of $6.7 billion to increase the construction and acquisition of drilling platforms, exploration vessels and surveying instruments.
A total of HK$5.9 billion was raised for general corporate purposes. After three rounds of equity financing, corporate assets expanded considerably, net assets grew from 2001 figure 1: 10 billion in equity financing and capital support grew steadily.
The company’s equity structure is centralized and subordinated to China Oil Company, which effectively controls the National Treasury. The company’s first two major players are China Ocean Oil Group Limited (hereinafter “China Oil Company”) and the Hong Kong Central Clearing Authority, which together hold 88.43% of the shares as of 2020q1, of which China Oil Corporation holds shares.
China’s largest producer of offshore oil and gas. The company mainly provides oilfield services to China’s oil and gas exploration, development and production activities off the coast of China, with the share of the port listed in the China Sea company.
Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. (0883.hk, hereinafter referred to as China Sea Oil) is the largest client, accounting for the last three years on average. Figure 2: Corporate equity is concentrated, with China Oil Company, the major shareholder, having undergone two rounds of industry over a decade.
High oil prices have driven China-China oil capital spending to continue to increase, and companies have benefited significantly, with net profits from the recovery and repatriation of oil during the period. The oil price boom in 2015-2016 has caused international oil companies to continue to cut capital spending sharply for the second consecutive year, with the oil-field services sector being hit by a significant shock, and international crude oil prices having fallen through $30 per barrel in 2016.
In 2017, the price of oil swollen, the company vigorously implemented efficiency measures and continued to optimize its cost structure, and the company’s performance reversed. The second winding-up cycle officially started in 2018, with the country introducing Energy Security.
The policy of self-control, which is the country's primary energy strategy, is to ensure that oil and gas reserves are increased, and that capital spending is made mandatory for oil companies, and that the profitability of the domestic market for garments is significantly improved. The performance of the 2019 policy was significantly increased.
First, in 2019, companies achieved 31.1 billion yuan in operating income, representing an increase of 41.9 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers was 2.5 billion yuan, representing an increase of 34.42 per cent in the same year.
Revenues of $8.17 billion, an increase of 38.3 per cent over the same period; net return returns of $1.14 billion, an increase of 3581.3 per cent over the same period; settlement payments of $188 million to companies by equinor, which are taken into account for gains and losses in the current period, together with a reduction of $120 million in assets prepared for impairment, resulting in operating income of $6.96 billion after graduation, an increase of 17.8 per cent over the same period; and repatriation
The company's operations cover the entire process of oil and gas field exploration, exploitation and production, including oil field technical services, drilling, surveying and surveying, ship services.
Four blocks. The company is able to provide its customers with a single operational service required at all stages of oil and gas exploration, exploitation and production, or with binding services, integration services, and master-contracting operations services.
The company collected 31.1 billion yuan in 2019, the oil fields, 15 billion yuan, or 48.4 per cent, of the technical services plate, followed by the drilling operations, which collected 10.8 billion yuan, or 34.8 per cent, which together contributed 83.2 per cent, ship services and surveying and engineering.
With a technological and international approach, the Māori rate of the oil field technical services plate has continued to improve since 2016, with a significant four-year lead in other plate business, with a Māori rate of 26.4 per cent in 2019, with company profits largely contributed by drilling services until 2015, when the profit structure of the company ' s operations began to change, mainly in field technology.
In spite of the relatively large share of drilling operations in terms of revenue, Māori rates have not recovered and have become unprofitable because the global market for drilling platforms is still oversupplyed in the short term, and the daily rates are low. The company plans to continue to improve technology and promote oil field technical services on a continuous basis, with revenues as a percentage of revenues.
Figure 8: Annual increases in oil technology and drilling camps since 2016 (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Māori expansion of oil technology operations since 2017 Figure 10: Major oil technology and drilling contributions since 2019
Figure 11: Major Māori contribution from oil technology and drilling in 2019, energy self-control policies plus sustainable spending on China Sea oil capital 2.1, company revenues positively related to spending on China Sea oil capital
The size of the company’s revenues is highly correlated with China Sea oil, with both cycles showing a relatively stable share of the company’s revenues, which remain between 64 and 78 per cent, and 71 per cent in the centre. Compared to China Sea oil capital expenditures, there is an almost consistent positive correlation between China’s revenues and China’s oil capital expenditures, so that China China’s oil capital expenditures are on the company’s side.
The transaction between the company and China Sea Oil constitutes a related transaction that guarantees a steady growth in the company’s operating income.The company and China Sea Oil arranged on 30 October 2019 to sign a supplementary agreement to the Integrated Services Framework Agreement.
It is proposed to raise the cap on day-to-day related transactions for oil field services in 2019 from 23.1 billion yuan to 25.9 billion yuan. The cap on associated transactions has been further raised, providing more room for growth in corporate revenue. 2.2. Energy self-control needs are pressing, with China’s seven-year production growth plan clear.
Crude oil production continues to decline and external dependence is at an all-time high. In terms of production, our crude oil production in 2019 was 191 million tons, an increase of 101 per cent over the previous year. This is the first increase in our crude oil production since three years in a row, but production is still below the 10-year average of 202 million tons. According to our 13th-five-year plan, 2020
The crude oil production target is 200 million tons, leaving a shortfall of 0.09 billion tons in 2019. In terms of consumption, domestic crude oil consumption has continued to rise steadily, reaching 696 million tons in 2019, an increase of 7.33 per cent compared to the previous year. Since 2006, former oil consumption has been growing faster than domestic crude oil production, with a growing supply and demand gap.
By contrast, our country is the largest importer of crude oil, with imports of 506 million tons in 2019, an increase of 9.49 per cent over the same period, and external dependence, which has been rising steadily since 2001, reaching an all-time high of 73 per cent in 2019, maintaining its status as the world ' s largest importer of crude oil.
Figure 15: The rise in domestic crude oil consumption has declined, while there is still a significant gap in gas production over the “13th Five” target, with a slight adjustment in external dependence. In terms of production, gas production in 2019 was 176.2 billion cubic metres, an increase of 9.92 per cent over the previous year.
In terms of consumption, the apparent consumption of natural gas in 2019 was 304.3 billion cubic metres, an increase of 7.39 per cent over the same period, and the increase in consumption was lower than the rate of production for the first time since 2015. In terms of imports and exports, our country was the world’s largest gas importer, with 134.3 billion cubic metres of natural gas imports in 2019, a record high, with a small external dependence.
The decline to 43 per cent is due to the fact that gas production in the country is well below the target of 200 billion cubic metres by 2020 of the 13th Five-Year Plan, which shows a shortfall of 23.8 billion cubic metres by 2019, and is projected for 2020. Figure 17: Increases in gas consumption are longer than increases in production in the long term
At the national level, the “energy security strategy” has been vigorously pursued: as the external viability of our hydrocarbon resources has increased, the need for self-control over our hydrocarbon resources has become more pressing. Since 2017, the State has frequently introduced accompanying policies to boost our oil and gas reserves. In 2017, the State's “13th Five-Year Plan” will “enhance exploration and exploitation and increase the supply of domestic resources”.
As a matter of priority and with clearly stated plan objectives; in 2018, the State issued several important directives calling on oil companies to increase domestic hydrocarbon development efforts to ensure high-quality oil and gas supply; and in 2019, the National Energy Commission convened a meeting to highlight the need to increase domestic hydrocarbon exploration and development, promote increased production in reserves, and increase oil and gas self-sufficiency.
On January 18, 2019, China announced a seven-year plan of action for the future exploration and exploitation of China's sea and sea oil.
The company’s exploration workload and reserves are to be doubled by 2025, when the target of 20 million m3 in the western South China Sea and 20 million tons in the eastern South China Sea oil fields will be fully completed. Capital spending is moving up, and the domestic component will not be affected by the downward adjustment.
In order to ease energy supply pressures, real capital expenditure has reached a budget ceiling of approximately $70-80 billion, compared to the previous year. In addition to a significant strengthening of the “six steady” effort, the central Government has added a “six secure” targeted policy, which includes the task of ensuring energy food security as a top priority, proposing increased energy reserves and accelerating the exploration of land-based energy sources.
The positive response of China and China to the oil industry is a clear indication that the domestic targets for increased production of crude oil and natural gas will remain firm and that part of domestic capital expenditure will not be affected by the downward adjustment. 2.3, barrel oil costs will continue to fall, with high oil prices or non-investment conditions being imposed.
The cost of barrel oil continues to shift downwards, weakening the impact of fluctuations in oil prices. With continued research and development inputs from China Sea oil, and stringent cost controls from fine management, the main cost of barrel oil in 2019 has been reduced to $29.78, a 2% decrease from the previous year, the average cost of bent is $642.1 per barrel, and the main cost of barrel oil from China Sea has been significantly lower than the price of oil, which is more than sufficient.
The average price of 2020o1brent is $46.09 per barrel, because China Sea oil has a cost advantage and is able to withstand the impact of fluctuations in external oil prices on production operations. In addition, China Sea oil capital expenditure compared to the brat field technical services: performance is strong, technology research and development opens up room for growth.
The field technical services industry is based on the production of oil and gas exploration, and the oil field is the main workplace for productive services. The company is a Chinese offshore oil field technology service.
Major suppliers also provide technical services for terrestrial oil fields. The company provides its customers with complete field technology services through continuous investment in scientific and technological research and development, advanced technological equipment and excellent management teams, including but not limited to specialized services such as surveying wells, drilling fluids, orientation wells, wells, completion of wells, construction of wells, and increased production of oil fields, which accompany the exploration of oil fields.
Companies continue to adhere strictly to prudent capital investments, optimize the business model through capital spending, and adhere to less asset-based technology.
The oilfield technology services module, as a light asset business, has risen from 24.7% in the year to 48.4% in 2019, becoming the core of the company’s strategy. The performance of the oil field technology services module during this cycle has contributed significantly.
The plate collection was $5.59 billion, a 21 per cent reduction in the same year, and the Māori rate was found to be -358 per cent. Then, the company managed the main costs of the plate, including repair and material consumption, strictly controlled the cost of the major cost reductions, effectively controlled the total cost of the technology, which was reversed in 2017, and the Māori rate recovered rapidly.
3.2 China Sea oil-related transactions account for more than 90% of the total, and energy-controlled performance supports the high proportion of oil field service technology portfolio transactions with China Sea oil-related transactions. The company ' s oil-field technical services operations account for the majority of the performance, with China Sea oil as the largest customer, and China Sea oil only accounted for technical services in 2019.
Compared to 91% of the revenue from oil field technical services operations in 2019. China’s seven-year oil growth plan, under the role of the national energy self-control policy, is clear that capital spending is expected to continue to rise, and that the company’s future demand for technology services will have a strong correlation between the rate of increase in oil technology revenues and the rate of capital growth in China’s oil industry.
China and China oil domestic capital expenditure projects are directly linked by measuring that the increase in corporate oil field technology revenues in 2013-2019 was 0.95 per cent associated with the increase in domestic capital expenditure of China and China oil, which was adjusted from $850-95 billion to $750-85 billion on 29 April, with downward adjustments.
The structure maintains domestic crude oil targets, mainly reducing the cost of overseas operations. Thus, based on the median value of the target range, domestic expenditures are expected to increase by 10 per cent over the same period. 3.3. Targeted drilling techniques break foreign monopolies and open up room for growth.
Targeted drilling techniques have long been monopolized by Europe and America. Targeted drilling is the process of drilling the boreholes along pre-designed borehole axes to the intended target. Targeted drilling techniques include the two core technical links of wireless drilling surveying and surveying (mwd+lwd), rotation orientation (rss) and, for a long time, directional drilling techniques have been largely exploited on a global scale.
Rembaches, Hariberton, etc., are international oil-suit giants monopolized, with other countries (with a market share of over 80%) buying equipment or services from them at high prices. Figure 26: Corporate anchorage accounted for only 5% of global markets in 2018
Breaking the foreign monopoly, technology substitution highlights the growth of the current cycle. In 2016, China developed the lwd+mwd technology autonomously, and in 2018 it developed the rotational (rss) technology of fully autonomous intellectual property rights, leading other competitors in the country for 3-5 years (1-2 generations).
Division Monopoly. According to data from mid-2018, the global market share of corporate well-fixing operations was only 5 per cent, and according to company strategic planning, the expansion of the range of technical services to the world was a long-term trend, with wide scope for growth.
The company is the largest offshore drilling contractor in China and is one of the internationally recognized drilling contractors. It mainly provides drilling services related to self-incented drilling platforms, semi-submarine drilling platforms, modular drilling rigs, land drilling rigs, etc. By the end of 2019, the company had operated and managed 54 drilling platforms (including 440 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 and a half).
By the end of 2019, the Group’s drilling platforms had 29 operating in China, 10 operating in the international area, 12 on standby, and three on repair at the shipyard. The rig held all of its abs/dnv/ccs vessel certificates, equipped with advanced top-drilling devices, high-powered diesel engines,
Drilling equipment, such as slurry pumps and vibration sifts. When most of the semi-submarine rigs are immersed below the surface, it becomes a stable platform for drilling wells, moving only slightly under wind blowing and current shocks.
The semi-submersible rigs are dragged to the drilling site. Because of their excellent stability, they are suitable for drilling on the ocean floor, which has a high tide.
The last cycle was driven by high oil prices, which supported the drilling rig operations, which began down in the second half of 2014, the winding-up period ended, well drilling services received a significant decline, the Māori rate fell significantly, performance lost in 2016, and the Māori rate bottomed down.
On the move, there were signs of a recovery in drilling platform operations, which in 2019 received $10.8 billion, an increase of 39.6 per cent over the same period, and a loss in interest rates, with repairs of 11.7 per cent. According to the company ' s annual report in 2019, drilling rigs were solidified.
Under the guidelines of 72 per cent of the fixed assets, the depreciation amortization cost was the largest cost item of the drilling operations, which represented 32.4 per cent of the total cost of the drilling operations, and the heavy technology of the drilling services camps, the drilling platform operations were treated as heavy assets of the company, and the collection ratio was still downgraded by figure 29: the drilling platform accounted for 72 per cent of the fixed asset composition (2019).
Figure 30: Depreciation amortized as the largest cost expense of drilling operations (2019) 4.2. The utilization of drilling platforms continues to increase, the platform is world-class, and the use of drilling platforms by companies has rebounded since 2016.
Autonomous control policy led to an increase in the use of the corporate platform calendar day by 11.7 to 78.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, broken down by 81.0 per cent for the self-enhanced platform calendar day and +14.4 per cent for the same year; 71.4 per cent for the semi-subsperial platform and +3.9 per cent for the same year. The first quarter of 2020 was a steady decline in drilling operations. The number of operating days was 3889, compared to 2019.
The utilization of the rigs is strongly supported. The domestic component: benefits from the domestic energy supply policy, the recovery of the garments market, the volume of related transactions in the boreholes have been increasing since 2018, and the share of related transactions in the boreholes has been increasing since 2018, with China and China increasing for seven years.
The productivity growth plan clearly indicates a doubling of survey work and discovery by 2025, which provides strong support for the company ' s utilization of drilling platforms. The offshore component: the company ' s drilling technology ranks three in the global drilling industry and is highly competitive. In 2019, the company acquired a number of large drilling service contracts worldwide: in the Middle East, signature.
(b) In the Americas, “coslhunter” successfully opened a new round of operations; in Oceania, “coslboss” opened the first local high-end drilling service project for a self-introduction rig; and in South-East Asia, “coslpower” successfully hit the mark
Well services contracts, the new platform introduced by the company “asianendeavour1” have also been successful in obtaining drilling services contracts. One third of the company’s top-end equipment provides high-end services to overseas clients, with overseas contracts dominated by long-term contracts and locking in longer periods (1-2 years), to some extent reducing the impact of short-term oil price fluctuations.
In 2019, the average utilization rate of the corporate platform was 76.6 per cent; in the overseas sector, the number of nobles (79 per cent), valaris (63 per cent), Transocean (56 per cent), Diamond (49 per cent) were in descending order of utilization of the platform.
At the end of December 2019, the company operated 54 drilling platforms, and the company drilling platforms were the second largest in the world. The first was valaris (former Ensco and others).
Rowan merged and changed its name to Valaris, with a total of 65 operating platforms. 3-6 of them are transodean (47), seadril (28), noble (17) and diamund (12). 4.3, day fees are short-term or pressured, and long-term performance is expected to release high elasticity.
In 2019, the company increased the daily cost of the rigs by 480,000 yuan per day, an increase of 7.90% in the same year, and the rate of 1.2 million yuan per day in the semi-submarine rigs, an increase from the historically low level. The daily cost of the rigs is linked to the price of oil, and if the price of the rigs is stable, the platform’s utilization rate is raised.
The increase is expected to lead to an improvement in daily fees, leading to further expansion of the plate. Profit predictions and investment proposals: first coverage, “buy-in” rating of oilfield technical services:
The company ' s revenues from oil field technical services are directly linked to domestic capital expenditures for China and China oil, and in the last three years it has been more than 90 per cent easy, and we have been able to measure the correlation between the increase in revenue from corporate oil field technical services in 2013-2019 and the increase in domestic capital expenditure for China and China, which is r=0.95, which is highly correlated, so let ' s assume that there is no such increase.
Over the past three years, the company’s exploration workload and reserves will double, and domestic capital spending on China Sea oil will be strongly supportive. With the impact of the new crown epidemic and the low international oil prices, China Sea Oil, on 29 April, paid from 850-950 to 850-950 for the current year’s capital expenditures.
The oil field technical services operations are “light asset heavy technology” strategic operations with greater resilience and higher benefit rates, subject to the impact of low international oil prices, assuming a slight return to 2018 levels in 2020.
According to the company's annual report for 2020, the number of self-introduction platforms actually used in 2019 was 37.7 and the number of semi-subsperial flats.
The actual number of platforms is 13.8. The semi-submarine platform is used mainly in foreign waters, although companies have long-term contracts, locking in long-term contracts (1-2 years), and oil price fluctuations in the short term will not affect this part, but some short-term contracts and optional value-added services will be affected, so we predict a semi-submarine platform in 2020.
In space, it is expected that the number of semi-submarine physical platform usage will reach 14.2/15.1; the number of self-enhanced platforms will be used mainly for the Tunghai Sea, where the actual annual usage is 38.2/39.0/39.5; and, under the strategic guidance of the company ' s light assets, the company will give priority to fully utilizing the equipment, which will be considered for an increase.
The number of platform-plus operations. 81% of self-enhancement platform calendar days in 2019, considering that annual maintenance inspections and inter-engineering transport transfers will take a certain amount of time and limited future incremental space, we predict that the platform will have 71.4% use on calendar days, as semi-submarine platforms serve mainly foreign waters, some of which are in the Nordic winter.
With the impact of the seasonal sea ice cap on the start of work, and the fact that 70 per cent of international sea transport transfers have taken more time and reached high usage rates, we assume that the rate of usage is 67.8 per cent and 71.2 per cent, respectively, and that the daily costs are largely determined by the platform ' s supply and demand, and are linked to oil prices, and that the global platform currently has sufficient capacity.
We therefore expect that the operating days or rollbacks in the short term, after an expansion of capacity, and taking into account the slight fluctuations in the annual share of income in addition to daily fees, from 2017 to 2018, we assume that the actual use of the platform is mainly due to the fact that part of the platform has not been used for a full year owing to its temporary lease or call;
The revenue from drilling platform services is not always the daily income from the platform, and some other income is mainly from the demobilization income; (2) when the contract is a large package as a whole, the income from the large packages exceeds the cost of the platform; (3) income from incentives for early completion, etc., as a result of the company ' s implementation of the light asset model, we believe that the number of the Free Fleet will remain almost equal for the period 2020-2022.
For 90. Since ship operations mainly serve domestic customers, the volume of operations is less affected by oil prices, and the proprietorship rate is expected to remain at the 2019 level, we expect that the main area of cargo exploration and engineering survey in 2020-2022 will be China ' s maritime area, generally only once in 8-10 years in the same area.
Since China ' s territorial sea is fixed, the overall market is fixed and there are fewer competitors, so we pretend that the revenue from the business and the Māori rate for 2020 will remain at 2019 levels.
With a gradual increase in inflows, and with the help of corporate internationalization strategies, it is hoped that more marketing costs will be invested in overseas markets, and that the conditions for high-technology enterprises (which have a sales income of more than $200 million in the last year, with a R & D ratio of no less than 3 per cent) will be sustainable.
The company is the largest supplier of marine oil and gas exploration and development in the country. The China-China Oil Seven-Year Action Plan provides stable and strong support over the medium to long term, with the company being covered by domestic energy security, marine oil engineering, petrochemicals, 21.6 times the average pe and 2.76 times the average pb in 2020.
We believe that the company is a leader in marine oil uniforms, with many leading technologies and equipment in the industry, light capital, heavy-tech development strategies, with a rising ratio of high-mori oil plates, strong back-to-back support from China Sea oil, a steady increase in oil technology operations as China’s oil capital expands, and long-term oil price recovery or improvement in drilling operations.
The risk of large fluctuations in oil prices: oil prices have a greater impact on garment companies. The main transmission path can be summarized as rising oil prices, and oil and gas companies raise capital spending, thereby boosting the operations and profits of garment companies.
Large fluctuations in oil prices, even below the cost line, will have a negative impact on the profitability of the companies. While oil and gas companies’ costs have declined, and their sensitivity to oil prices has diminished, large fluctuations in oil prices will have some impact on their capital spending.
China Sea oil capital expenditure is less than expected: most of the company's revenues are from China Sea oil, such as oil exploration in China Sea, development capital expenditure is less than expected, or there is a risk that the daily costs of the industry will be significantly reduced in the context of the new crown epidemic and low global oil prices.
The risk of a downward shift would result in lower-than-expected growth in corporate income under the same workload, with a climate of volatility in performance