Corporate fundamentals continue to be stressed by the slowdown in consumption demand and industrial cycles. The volatility of demand for luxury goods among middle- and high-level people within the corporate income base is significant, in the context of the overall macro-consumption recovery.
According to the channels, the fall in corporate revenue was largely affected by the demand for duty-free markets in Hainan Island, which was offset by a recovery in domestic airport outlets. Of this, Hainan is expected to fall better than the industry as a whole, with an increase of 2 pct due to the company’s share. In addition, Beijing airport (including Capital International Airport, Da Xing International)
The negative impact of Hainan was partially offset by the same ratio of revenue from tax-free doors at the airport, Shanghai airport (Hinpodong International Airport, Rainbow Bridge International Airport) +115 per cent/+32 per cent, but given the recovery rate of international flights of over 80 per cent in 2025, the revenue recovery effects of airport traffic rehabilitation are diminishing marginally.
In addition, the company has accelerated the expansion of its overseas operations, the opening of Singapore’s Kanyi Airport, Hong Kong International Airport’s specialty shop, and the Tokyo Silver Seal brand.
The tax-free cabinet and Sri Lanka's tax-free shop have been opened and are expected to further expand the travel of international tourists worldwide in the future
[Galaxy] Company Review _ China China (60188.sh): Business is under pressure and is concerned about the progress of the city's stores. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.