In Hainan, where the short-term tax-exempt effort has stagnated performance, the six new winners promote mid-line growth, social services, tourism, and viewing areas are expected to be dominated by high-impact disturbance of Maori rates at the end of the year, stock impairment increases under operational pressure, and so on.
The company Hainan tax-exempt operations increased its share, and the airport recovered tax-free growth but its profit contribution was limited: according to the Hainan Customs, the tax-free sales from Hainan Island in 2024 amounted to $30.940 billion/-29 per cent, with an estimated 3 per cent increase over the same year in the total number of arrivals and departures from the island, but the shopping conversion rate was 4 pct, unit prices - 16 per cent, sea
South markets have experienced a steady increase in passenger flows, but they have been affected by changes in the population’s consumption power, structural disruptions in the movement of high-end customers out of the country, and the overall duty-free sale of Hainan has been under pressure. The market’s share has increased by 2 pct over the year, with some operating costs relatively rigid, project expansion, and prices.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price promotion rate is down. With the recovery of international passenger flows, the company Beijing/Shanghai Airport’s refined stores accelerated their expansion out of the sea in 2024, but their short-term performance is expected to make a relatively limited contribution.
Following up on the outlook, 1) Hainan is still at the heart of corporate profit contributions, and the overall recovery in consumption is still to be followed, while Hainan is at risk and co-exist until the end of 2025, and the follow-up recommendations continue to be followed up.
Heinan sealing is progressing, but the pre-eminence of the central regional commercial layout and the continuation of the build-up over the last two years still help to consolidate the vanguard position, and the short term Hainan does not exclude the phase of positive action as a partial exit alternative destination.) Since the launch of the New Deal for Tax Free Shops in the City of Departure last year, eight cities in the country have made progress.
We expect 12 out of the seven stock stores and their shareholdings to change their business gradually.
The tax-free space in the city of departure is wider, and the Chinese line is expected to maximize the share of the tax-free New Deal dividend in the city. China Central Free (60188.sh) – net profits in the third quarter have fallen year-on-year, looking forward to the future China Central Free (60188.sh) – the first half of the year of Hainan tax-free pressure, and looking forward to the future of the city.
Investment Recommendations: Integrated Companies Rapid Performance Report 2024 and Hainan Tax Free Market, We, China Middle Free (60188.sh) - Equalized net profit return below the high quarterly base, China Middle Free (60188.sh) 2023 in line with Fast Report, with a significant red mark
China Free China (60188.sh) - Heinan tax-frees are welcome, consumption trends and international fragrance cycles are being strengthened, and uncertainty about Hainan’s competition patterns are still repressing valuations; but companies, as global tax-exempt champions, support tourism retail core cards and flow values.
The "Hainan+Airport+Intra-City" full-channel layout has a middle-line penetration, which has been accompanied by the opening of duty-free shops in the city, and the continued value of the asset allocation as a core option for consumption, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
Māori rates, stock impairment increases under operating pressure, etc. Figure 4: China, free of single-quarter net profit from net profit and non-net profits. Hainan, a company, has increased its share of tax-exempt business, and the airport has recovered tax-free growth but has made limited profit contributions.
Customs, with 30.940 billion yuan/-29 per cent of the 2024 duty-free sales from Hainan Island, estimated flights + ferry arrivals to and from the island increased by 3 per cent on the same date, but the shopping conversion rate was 4 pct, the unit price was 16 per cent, and there was a steady increase in passenger flows in Hainan, but was affected by the overall changes in the consumer power of the population, structural disturbances in the movement of high-end customers across the border, and the overall tax-free sales in Hainan were under pressure.
In 2024, the company North Kyoto/Shanghai airport increased revenue by 115 per cent per year. In addition, the company opened a new Singapore airport, Hong Kong.
Following up, 1) Hainan is safe from dangerous operations and aircraft co-exist by the end of the year, and the follow-up recommendation is to keep track of the Hainan sealing, but not in the core zone.
The pre-existing advantages of the territorial commercial layout and the continued build-up over the last two years have helped to consolidate the leadership, while the short-term Hainan does not preclude the introduction of the phase as a partial alternative destination. (2) Since the New Deal for the tax-free shop in the city of departure last year, eight tax-free shops in the country have been tendered for exemption from the already marked Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Xian, Fuzhou,
With six projects in Chengdu, Tianjin, we expect 12 of the original seven stock shops and their shareholdings to be gradually converted to business. With the exemption from the core cities, which are largely pre-carried by international passenger arrivals, the middle line is expected to maximize the share of the tax-free New Deal dividends in the city.
Investment Recommendations: Integrated Companies Rapidly reported performance in 2024 and the Hainan Free Market, where the uncertainty of the company's competition patterns continues to suppress valuations; but companies, as global tax-exempt champions, sell zero core cards and flow values are supported. As tax-exempt stores continue to operate in the city, "Hanan+ Airport+Online + Intra-City"
All-channel layout has the medium potential to maintain the value of the asset allocation as a core option for consumption, maintaining the “better than the big market” assessment. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not done so in the past, now or in the future.