Kang Eining's sales were clearly warmer in May than expected, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The amount is 42.9 billion, yoy+20%, and the single-month sales are warmer, with slightly higher market expectations. The company is twice as much as it's sold in hand; h shares are 7.7 times and 6.7 times, pb 1.8 times.
Won, yoy + 16% and + 20%, respectively, sales increased significantly in April, rising by oy + 3.4%, and a decrease in the single-month average sales ring ratio, mainly as a result of an increase in the number of two or three-line city pushers, the company ' s overall sales in May exceeded market expectations.
A total of 1586 million square metres of sales were achieved in January-May 2018, with sales valued at $239 billion, respectively. The average price of sales rose at a lower rate and the balance of resources was sufficient: in volume terms, the company resumed a higher rate of growth in both the single month of sales and the amount of sales in May, with a moderate season; cumulatively, the first five
Monthly sales have reached 45 per cent of the 17-year total, while absolute sales have remained at higher water levels. As of the date, 2018q1 had accumulated 356.4 million square metres of unsold and uncompleted work, and the contract was settled
For the lubricant project, where the company’s future performance growth is more certain, the company’s performance is expected to remain at a two-digit rate or more for the next three years. In terms of prices, the average price of the company’s sales fell in May, mainly due to changes in the swing area, and the share of open space in hotspot urban high house prices declined.
Meanwhile, some of the hot-spot city floors are affected by government-imposed price-equivalency measures, resulting in price openings. We can judge from the country’s firm attitude to containing price increases in hot-spot cities by short-term hot spots, where prices cannot continue to rise significantly, and will continue to suffer high shocks.
Land acquisition was robust and land reserves slightly increased: in May, the company added 17 new property development projects, which remain concentrated in the second-line cities, with a total construction area of 2.854 million square metres, billion yuan, 32 per cent of sales for the same month, 7586 yuan/square metres of land for the complex, and the company.
At present, the pace is steady and cash flow is more abundant. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we judge that 18 years of real estate markets, in the context of unwinding regulatory policies and tightening credit policies, will have a higher and lower profile, with industry concentration.
Stock prices calculated at 8.5 times and 7.3 times, pb 1.9 times; h shares at 7.7 times and 6.7 times, pb 1.8 times. The company, as industry leader, has a steady increase in sales, while the value of the swaps is maintained at a higher level, there are sufficient unsold resources, and performance growth is more targeted in the coming years.
We've kept the investment in the shares purchased.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.