On the evening of 26 March, Vanko published its annual report for 2017. The company achieved 24,290 million yuan in operating income throughout the year.
1 per cent increase in the same year; 28.5 billion yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 33.4 per cent increase in the same year; sales per share of basic profits are growing rapidly and the prices are rising rapidly.
The city is ranked first in terms of sales and the market is over-expected. In terms of settlement, Vanko achieved a settlement area of 19805,000 square metres, a 3.5 per cent decline in the same year; settlement income of 233.01 billion yuan, a 0.48 per cent decrease in the same year; real estate was growing steadily in terms of the area of new construction, with a slight increase in the same area of completion and a clear advantage in the project reserve.
The cumulative start of construction in Huanko in 2017 was approximately 36.516,000 square metres, an increase of 16.4 per cent over the previous year, and 24.9 per cent over the planned increase at the beginning of the year. This was due mainly to the fact that the actual start of construction included a group of new acquisitions during the year. The actual completion of the work was 23,014,000 square metres, an increase of 2.9 per cent over 2016, owing to a slight delay in the completion of some of the projects, which was slightly lower than planned at the beginning of the year.
In 2017, 216 new projects were acquired, with a total planned building area of 4,614,000 square metres and an equity-planning area of 2,7681,000 square metres, of which 74.7 per cent were located in two-line cities. The current construction-in-progress project is approximately 68,528,000 square metres, with an equity-building area of approximately 43.74 million square metres, which would meet the company's ongoing development.
The capital structure continues to be optimized, front-line developers show an advantage in financing, and, in an environment of tight channels, the firm ' s excellent repayment capacity and abundant cash in hand provides a solid foundation for firm future development.
In line with the policy direction, accelerated diversification of operations has taken place in 80 cities. By the end of 2017, there were 172 corporate management business projects with a total construction surface of more than 10 million square metres, and the total size of the management area has reached industry II: corporate logistics estates have accumulated.
Acquisition of 62 projects with a total construction area of 4.82 million square metres, of which 26 have been completed and are operating steadily The average rental rate for the project was 96 per cent.
In the meantime, the company continues to actively promote such business as vacations, old-age pensions, education, industrial offices, etc., in an effort to build a landscape.
As a front-line real estate developer in the country, Vanko's performance has sustained steady growth, and the rise in the quality of income and profit levels is also a reflection of the competitiveness of the Vanko sector. In addition to deep-farming traditional residential operations, companies have focused on diversifying the real estate chain, such as commercial property, logistics property, and long-rent apartments, following policy directions.
Vanko has been able to cope with changes in the industry’s environment. It is valuable to note that, while maintaining rapid growth and new business openings, real-estate management policies have tightened further, and credit rates have been rising.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusion is not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.