The company review study — real estate industry — 26,04, 2018, sales started well, first of all, by including rents in core business.
The company published a quarterly report for 2018. In the first quarter of 2018, the company earned $30,830 million in revenue, an increase of 65.8 per cent over the same period; the company achieved net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies (i) performed well during the first quarter, while Māori maintained a high level of funding structure.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved business income of $30.830 billion, an increase of 65.8 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were 890 million yuan, an increase of 28.7 per cent over the same period, and the apparent net gains were less than the growth rate. The overall Māori ratio of the company was 34.2 per cent in the current quarter.
After analysis, we believe that this is closely related to the lower settlement of joint venture projects and the higher financing scale, a good settlement structure, and a reasonable capital structure. Net profits are growing less rapidly than they will be: due to corporate alliances this quarter, joint ventures are settled.
Fewer, and some of these individual projects have taken impairments based on current market conditions, reflected in investment losses ranging from a point to 49.7 per cent, resulting in net profits on corporate equity increasing less than operating income during the current quarter. Māori rates remain high: affected by the settlement structure, the company as a whole during the current quarter is Māori
The same-year increase of 4.4 percentage points to 34.2 per cent has been maintained at a high level, and the financial situation is good: during the quarter, the amount of concentrated payments was maintained despite the fact that the company was affected by factors such as the completion of the Pros privatization transaction and the increase in investment expenditure on the project.
Good financial and financial situation. By the end of the quarter, the company held monetary funds of $94.78 billion, well above the company ' s short-term borrowings and interest-bearing liabilities of $48.91 billion a year; interest-bearing liabilities accounted for (ii) sales openings were smooth, project resources were accumulated on a continuous basis, first of which would be leased.
During the first quarter of 2018, the company ' s real estate business realized contract sales totalling 1,0482,000 square metres, with a total contract sales value of $154.26 billion, compared to the previous year, at a rate of growth of the same year.
The outstanding settlement of 10,000 square metres of sold resources increased the contract amount to 49,449 million yuan, an increase of 20.3 per cent and 19.3 per cent respectively from the end of the previous year.
49, with a total planned construction area of 94.35 million square metres and a planned construction area of 4,299,000 square metres in accordance with the plan ' s equity. By the end of the quarter, the total planned construction area of the company was approximately 62.23 million square metres, the planned construction surface in accordance with the plan ' s equity.
Approximately 50,103,000 square metres. In addition, the company has been involved in a number of old city renovation projects, in which, under current planning conditions, 10,000 square metres, or 23.1 per cent more than the previous year, accounted for 31.9 per cent of the start-up plan for the year, an increase of 0.5 per cent compared with 31.4 per cent in the same period the previous quarter, during which it continued to consolidate the inherent advantages of residential development and property services and identified leasing as its core business.
Under this strategic objective, by the end of the previous year, the company had 100,000 rental resources, of which 30,000 had been opened, providing more housing services for young people entering the city. On this basis, the company implemented the “Manu Village Plan” in conjunction with the asset-based programme and the light asset programme, remodeling and accompanying governance of the wider “junior villages” as more housing.
In addition, the company has actively expanded its business development and operations, logistics warehousing services, industrial towns, ice and snow vacations, old-age pensions, education, etc., and has achieved a more qualitative development in residential development and property services. The annual market gain rate is 8.9 x 7x.
The concentration of profits is increasing and will continue to grow faster. Further, as the Shenzhen subway intervention leads to a new business model for “orbit + property”, companies are actively developing new business models in areas of property segmentation such as logistics property, long-lease apartments, and as sales projects move into the closing cycle at high points in the city, the company's Māori rate and performance are expected to continue at high rates.
“Recommended” ratings for companies. Figure 3: Changes in calendar years in Vankoaroe and Roa
Figure 5: Ratio of assets and liabilities and total asset turnover in Vankoa