In the first half of 2025, the company achieved business income and continued to win the global automobile industry at a higher rate than in the first half of 2025, reflecting the company's role as a global automobile company.
In terms of the Māori rate, the company's 2025q2 unit is mainly a result of the scale effect of the increase in the capacity utilization rate of the company and the company's continued push for a reduction in efficiency measures by 1.01 percentage points, mainly as a result of a decline in the financial cost ratio due to exchange rate gains.
In terms of net profits, the net profit of the company's 2025q2 quarter return to the mother is 2,775 million yuan, ring growth is the global leader in the car glass industry, and the increase in share + the growth in the bicycleasp is driving the firm's growth upwards.) In terms of shares, the global industry pattern is concentrated, with three major competitors trading in the carbs.
The level of profitability is low, capital spending and business expansion are low. And the bountiful industry is far more profitable and is in the third round of capital spending, with the subsequent expansion of production in the United States, the Fuqing export base, and the Foyosa fertilizer base, among others, releasing the company worldwide.
The share is expected to increase further. 2) On the bikeasp, as car intelligence continues.
Review: 2025q1 performance meets expectations, with rising penetration of high-value-added products, such as carbone membrane, light modulus, etc., and double-story windows continuing to contribute to the growth in the value of the industry and company bicycles.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the company ' s higher profitability of 2025q2, we "Glass of Favour " (600660): 2024 Annual Report: 2024q4 performance meets expectations, BP taps " .
Three major financial forecasting tables for Fukuyo Glass have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.