The growth of core operations has resumed, and the quality of channels has improved to promote the nbv event: China is safe to publish its first quarterly report in 2024 and the Group has been able to return to its mother-to-child business in the first quarter of 2024.
The growth of core operations has been restored, with significant improvements in the quality of the liability life risk. 1) The company returns 1q24 to parent camp \triangleright and three core business life insurance and health insurance, financial insurance and bank recovery growth, combined to the parent camp
The profit is +0.3% of the year.
Realization of nbv12.890 billion, compared to 20.7 per cent, is largely based on improvements in the structure of operations and in the quality of human resources, with a relatively flat level of income from the original premium (oy+1.2 per cent), and a faster insurance and silver channel: a continuous increase in the quality of the workforce in the insurance system and a marked improvement in value performance. 1)
(b) Insurance insurance: deepens the exclusive banking model and actively expands external high-quality channels to operate.
Financial insurance: a slight increase in the year-on-year ratio due to snowstorms. 1q24 Safebirths business maintained robust \triangleright growth, insurance service income + 5.7 per cent, vehicle and non-car insurance revenue respectively
The impact of the snow disaster drags us about 2.0 pct. At the same time, after the insurance coverage was eliminated, it is 98.4%. We believe that the safe production insurance policy continues to optimize the quality of the operation, gradually reducing some of the high compensation payments, and that the insurance operation is expected to gradually reduce the burden on the coor and improve the insurance coverage of the production insurance operation.
End of asset: q1 still faces a falling rate of return on public debt and interest market fluctuations, with an overall return on investment \triangleright equal to the same period last year. 1) in terms of return on investment: 1q24 annualized combined return on investment
The size of classified and creditor-based property items was $40,477,67 million, or 8.2 per cent, and a smaller 4.2 per cent at the beginning of the year, with a breakdown of assets with equity, claims and other equity investments of 79.8 per cent, respectively, and Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City, suggests that the company's three core businesses be back on track, while we believe that it will continue to grow in recent years.
\triangleright 's access reforms, life and health insurance liabilities have significantly improved in quality, multiple channels such as agents, silver insurance and grid-based social services are expected to continue to improve their value performance, and financial operations are expected to accompany them
The elimination and liquidation of the stock-credit guarantee business is expected to improve the coor, and the insured profits are expected to warm back. At the same time, the company insists on building a new value engine with medical ageing, with differentiated “product-plus-service” financial enablers, and the group’s integrated financial strategy is expected to advance even further, as well as its client base.
We believe that, along with the continued progress of the “Bank Together”, the company's life insurance business structure is expected to continue to improve, and that the performance of nbv and nbvm, based on strong agents and insurance teams, will continue to improve, while macroeconomic stability and the impact of a series of capital market-supported policies, corporate indebtedness, etc.
Both end and end of investment are expected to rebound, promising to drive profit and growth performance, suggesting attention. Risk factors: proximate growth in proxies and quality improvements are not as expected; life-risk reforms are not as expected; \triangleright
Figure 1: First-year premium (millions of dollars) and accelerated international financial specialization, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, who was employed on the China-China Portfolio and the China-Custom Portfolio. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
In 2022, he joined the Sunda securities industry for research on small and medium market value, and in 2019, he was a “new analyst in the Sino-Girl industry.” P. M.A., University of Shandong, Bachelor of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-banking financial research experience.
He was employed in Tianfeng securities, joined the Sunda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kaijing, Master ' s degree in economics, Wuhan University, Master ' s degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials sector, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-bank financial sector.
Liao Yi-hwan, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and a pilot course in financial science.
In November 2022, they joined the CSVC to conduct banking research. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.