Quarterly review 2024: Value growth is higher than expected, cost controls support core business growth research assistant Lo Woo-Kang
Keywords: #Performance Overexpected Events: Corporate Disclosure of 1q24 Quarterly Report, which we believe is slightly over-expected for growth in corporate performance and value, mainly as a result of better control over the cost of combined liabilities under fine tillage. 1q24 achieves a parent operating profit (opat) of 387.09.
Billion dollars, 3.0 per cent below comparable calibre, attributed to: life and health insurance (+2.2 per cent for the same year), financial insurance (same as -30.3 per cent) and technology operations (with a profit/loss for the same year, mainly affected by a decline in net profits held by land funds), which still contribute negatively, but with a marginal reduction in drag. 1q24 companies achieved a net return of $36,709 million, compared with the same amount.
▪ Continues to recover growth at a high (nbv) level and increases life insurance opat. 1024 company nbv has reached $12,890 million, with a comparable calculus (both based on 4.5 per cent long-term return on investment and 9.5 per cent risk discount rate) with a 20.7 per cent increase compared to the same period, attributed to: 1) a decrease in the first-year premium for Nbv.
The management of channel costs under the Line One is good, and it is worth noting that the company disclosed for the first time in its quarterly reports the standard premium at nbvmargin (the sum of 100 per cent of the first annual annual premium paid by the denominator and 10 per cent of the premium paid), an increase of 6.2 per cent to 29.0 per cent over the same period, reflecting a refined business concept; and 2) although the end-of-cycle agent size
This is a decline of between 4.0% and 33.3 million at the beginning of the year, but an increase of 56.4% in the same year for the 1q24 insured person nbv, with an increase of 11.0 pct. for the new manpower. The qualitative upturn continues.
Corporate life and health risk panels have grown by 2.2 per cent in the same year, the net return to the mother has increased by 0.7 per cent in the same year, and, in the context of contracts, the marginality of services and their amortization, the positive contribution of operating deviations, the natural increase in the scale of investment, and the increased tax-exempt effect of public debt rates reflect the firm’s commitment to actively manage the combined cost of indebtedness.
The product focuses on the three main markets of wealth, old-age and security to meet the needs of the client for diversified insurance products. 1024 insurance services generated $80,627 million, an increase of 5.7 per cent, and the original premium-calibre exit/non-car/mistakes (year-on-year +0.9 pct.), with 98.4 per cent excluding the guaranteed insurance and 98.4 per cent excluding the same increase, mainly due to the pre-spring period.
Companies’ income growth is robust, quality is healthy, and SSS operations are stagnating to improve on a seasonal basis.  We have set up a profit-source analysis framework under the new guidelines, and the lower investment spread contribution is the origin of a small decline in net profits in the current period.
"Safe China " (601318): 2023 Annual Report Post loss to $312 million, with a slight increase of 1.6 per cent in the profit contribution of life insurance insurance, a projected decrease in current amortization of insurance services, due to a lower and more cost-controlled share, combined impact of 1024 life insurance net profit decline of the same magnitude.
The group's business resilience – with regard to corporate push “to raise profits projections and investment ratings: value increases are higher than expected, and cost control supports core business growth.
Qualitative Efficiency Rewards and the 2023 Cash Divide: Figure 1: Profits from home operations of the Group's three core operations remain robust. Figure 2: The number of teams at the end of the period is still declining, but the rate of decline has slowed.
Figure 3: The new single rate of growth in life insurance is mainly due to the optimization of the corporate focus. The new value of risk-based operations is based on a 4.5 per cent return on long-term investments and 9.5 per cent.