The price of traditional business has risen, and the tech group started to transform and the American group (000333) reported for 2017.
The firm position of the business, the rising prices of the main business, the high profile of the industry and the rising market share of the company itself have led the company to achieve business income of $241.19 billion a year, an increase of 51.35 per cent.
The average price of ice and washing rose by 31.8 per cent and 12.7 per cent, while the consumer appliances (with ice and washing) were all globalized, and the M&As gradually entered a payback period.
Global M & As integration and the expansion of new industries have been completed, and M & A firms have gradually contributed to revenue collection. In 2017, the ratio of income from Kuka to Asia rose to 30%, with Euro3.480 billion (approximately RMB 26.895 billion, calculated as RMB 1/1.11285), an increase of 18%, and corporate machinery and automated systems operations contributed RMB 27.37 billion, or 11.23% of the total revenue in 2017.
Breaking by 15 billion yuan, the growth of the core household electricity business, and stabilizing the share of Toshiba electricity in refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioning, Toshiba is expected to lose in 2018. The cost of amortization, as confirmed by the M&A cards and Toshiba, is expected to decline significantly in 2018. As the Kuka-American integration deepens, the Kuka-Asian harvest is expected to increase further, combining the Toshiba-Gi.
The odds are reversed, and we believe that the US M&As are gradually entering a payback period, and that the revenue from 2018 is a source of expectation.
Companies are full-scale, diversified leading firms, high-tech enterprises, active industrial Internet expansion, digitization, artificial intelligence, and human interaction. It is expected that the company’s traditional business will remain a strong leader this year in high-tech fields, such as artificial intelligence, and $4.44. We give a “recommended” rating.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
In 2012, the China Securities Industry Merit Award was awarded as a top ten (seventh place). In 2012, the Chinese Securities Industry Merit Award was followed by Yang Yang’s research opinion. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of these information, nor does it guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not happen.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.