The company's evaluation report is that the electricity industry is on its way to 2018, and the sails are on their way.
In 2017, the company achieved a gross operating income of $241,919 million, an increase of $2,866 per cent. Looking back, America’s bloc created a slightly out-of-market expected performance, influenced by adverse factors such as the rise in raw materials and the significant appreciation of the renminbi.
On the basis of good development, the planning and layout of robotic operations is also under way, moving from traditional home-based telecoms to technology groups, with prospects for the future. Intra-business firms are having a negative impact, and the constant appreciation of the renminbi is also causing companies with overseas operations.
Losses. The American conglomerate, as a conglomerates, can effectively transfer costs through price increases and product restructuring; overseas operations account for up to 43 per cent of the American conglomerates lost $860 million in exchange losses last year, but the public administration has generated $1.07 billion in revenue through forward contracts for foreign exchange, effectively controlling foreign exchange risks.
The company successfully acquired the Kuka in 2017, announced its investment in Kuka’s Chinese business on 22 March this year, and set up three joint ventures.
Companies, aimed at expanding the areas of industrial robotics, medical care, and warehousing automation. Although R & D inputs still account for 3.53 per cent of revenue, the annual incremental R & D costs show the importance that companies attach to STI.
□ Keeping an eye on the company’s medium- and long-term development and maintaining a “recommended” rating. On the basis of the above, we still have a good idea.
Synchronization of markets: The rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuates between ~5 ~ + 5 %; there will be no change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.