With a steady increase in revenue and performance, it's been observed that a lot of business lines are developing together.
By removing the factor of co-existing Kuka with Toshiba, the company grew by about 31% a year. The new co-ordinated Kuka is doing well: 26.723 billion yuan a year in 2017, compared with 18%. The performance of the first quarter fell: 54.154 million, compared with 27%, and the net profit of the mother was 2,286 million, compared with 22%, the main reason we think is that it's a major reason.
This is the result of a higher base for the same period last year. With the merger and acquisition, the future synergies will drive the company to collect, and the short-term profit level will take hold of \triangleright, influenced by changes in the cost of raw materials and exchange rates.
Second, the combination of the new Kuka and Toshiba rates was lower than the previous industry and structurally led to a decline in the overall Māori rate. With regard to net interest rates, the company ' s net interest rate fell from 2.24 pct to 7.73% in 2017 on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the company ' s recognition during the reporting period of a premium premium premium of 2,414 million yuan, while the equity incentive generated a share payment fee in 2017.
With $842 million, the net profit level of the company is being held back, and the second is a significant increase in the financial costs of exchange losses, which we believe will gradually decrease in future M&A amortization costs, with a diminishing impact on the level of profitability, which is expected to increase steadily over the medium term.
\triangleright’s former business city is at the forefront of the industry: monitoring data below the Ovi cloud network indicate that the company’s air conditioning, laundry, etc.
The market is second in all, and the refrigerator is third in all: small household appliances are more diversified and competitive, and the majority of small household electricity products are basically the top three sectors in terms of their market share. Corporate channels are strong: at the lower end of the line, the company has a full secondary market coverage, with a third-class market coverage of more than 95 per cent:
On the top of the line, America’s 2017 full-network sales broke out by 40 billion, an increase of 80% over the same year. Multi-plate co-development: the US recently completed the Toshiba Power Service of Japan, the Italian central air conditioner firm Clivet, the U.S. vacuum cleaner company Eureka, and the world’s leading robot manufacturer, the German kuka group.
Model global M&As, with increasing growth in branding, product and business areas, and intelligent manufacturing. Without the integration of overseas M&As, firms’ overseas layouts will be strengthened, and corporate globalization will be facilitated.
The company proposes to grant 620.8 million equity options to 1341 incentive recipients, accounting for 0.94% of the total equity issued by the United States group. Of these, 39.27% of the total incentives were granted to research and development personnel, 13.34% to manufacturing personnel, 4.51% to quality personnel, 31.60% to other business cadres, and the reserved portion to reserve.
The United States Group (000333) Corporate Review: The Treasury is oriented towards the product-to-user backbone, consistent with the company's “product lead, efficiency-driven, global operations” strategy, and will contribute to the sustained and stable growth of corporate performance and the achievement of corporate strategy.
Summary Evaluation Report of the United States Group (000333): Coca-Toshizi List, Growth Trends in Internal and External Sales: Good III. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
The scope of the company’s operations has covered a number of sectors of the domestic electricity chain, such as large white power, small household power, electric power, industrial automation, logistics, and so on, with outstanding performances in horizontal expansion of the business class and vertical upgrading of intelligence. Among these, the air-conditioning industry has a stable pattern; the small-scale electricity market share industry is leading, and profitability has continued to increase; and there are continued advances such as the cards.
Automation and intelligent manufacturing have deepened, opening up new growth space. We predict price fluctuations in company pers raw materials between 2018 and 2020; new M&As are not integrated as expected; and end demand has fallen.
Chen Meng, Master of Computer Technology, Beijing University, Employing Civil Securities, 2016, and undertaking research in the home and electricity industry. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced by any third party.