The company issued an announcement on November 9, 2023 that the company's controlling subsidiary, Gas Dynamics Ping, was in operation for the first time.
After multiple external factors, the project is still on track, and the company has again demonstrated its efficiency. The company released its gas-powered platform and synthesis on 14 January 2021.
“Walu Heungl Company Review: Continuous Performance: The New Base is about to contribute hundreds of millions of yuan, the Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project has invested $5.604 billion and the construction cycle is expected to last three years, and according to the current pace of commissioning, the company is disturbed by external factors, especially
“Walu Hisung-il Company Review: The industry is still under pressure, new materials are clearly being sold, and the company has been as efficient and robust as ever, helping it to replicate the competitive advantages of the Texas base and to continue its business style.
“Walu Heungl Company Review: Some industries are under pressure and cost pressures to build gas-based platforms that help companies build the development base and low profitability in the second quarter”, 2023.4.26
By building two projects, the company basically achieved the complete layout of the company's dominant industrial chain. On the one hand, the company continued to be public.
The Division's low-cost advantages in the area of gasification platforms provide the basis for the advantages of the entire industrial chain; On the other hand, the production costs of the back-end links are further optimized through the construction of scale-based production lines for back-end products, and the size and process advantages of new devices are maximized.
The new project will contribute to the company’s new growth. According to company estimates, in a normal state ... the park’s gas-powered platform project will generate a total outlet of 5.2 billion yuan and a total profit of 700 million yuan in terms of synthetic gas at a price of 0.88 yuan/nm3, and steam at 140 yuan/ton;
The Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project is expected to generate $5,968 million in revenues, with a total profit of $626 million, and the launch of two projects is expected to contribute to the company’s growth in performance in the fourth quarter. In the industry of tons of tons of dmf, urea continues to function relatively well, with market space.
For larger, it is easier to digest; acetic acid is released by the company, and prices are down in the near future, but the concentration of the acetic acid industry is good, the company has a clear advantage in such areas as catalysts, industrial chains, etc., and the market is expected to move gradually after the short- and medium-term process of digestion.
The cost advantage of the company in entering the rebalancing is still a relatively stable moat river; the company has a strong advantage in the area of methamine in the products of organamine, but dmf ' s overall operation is relatively stressful, and it is estimated that it will take some time to digest production capacity.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risk of significant fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products; competitive risks associated with the release of new capacity.