The performance of the basic chemical industry continues to improve, the new base is about to contribute to further optimization, the new project is gradually coming into production, leading to a ring growth in performance.
“Walu Heungl Company Review: Industry is still under pressure, and it is clear that new materials are being sold. Since the second half of last year, the prices of most of the major coal-chemical products have returned quickly, but raw materials have risen”, 2023.8.31.
The relatively limited adjustment of coal prices has led to a rapid reduction in product price spreads, and the industry has entered a low level of weakness.
3. " Warrohing Up: Re-emerging Core Competitiveness, Recovering Growth Driver " , Index), with small links to the cost pressures of coal-chemical products, but overall coal-chemical products
Price differentials are still relatively high. And companies continue to implement downside initiatives in the third quarter, further reducing costs through such measures as process optimization, while companies gradually increase their new production capacity, increasing their loads to achieve a steady increase in the sale of new energy materials and new energy sources in the third quarter alone.
urea and acetic acid have improved in three quarters of traditional coal-chemical products. Three quarters of the country has seen a gradual recovery in the urea and acetic acid industries, but other products are still evident.
Pressure. urea benefits from low stock levels and export uplifting, industrial moods are clearly improving, leading to a return to profit from the product; the industry of acetic acid products is more synergistic, supplies are not increased before the release of the new production capacity in short periods, and demand is gradually recovering from the product.
The urea and acetic acid price differentials increased by about 14 per cent and 25 per cent in the third quarter. The fourth quarter saw a gradual increase in the release of the base and the second phase was on schedule.
The project has also started, the Texas base is continuing to promote the technological expansion of binary acid, and the planning and construction of new materials projects for the two future bases is expected to drive company growth on a sustainable basis.
The price of raw materials has fallen slightly in the third quarter, but the additional capacity is gradually being released, generating the industry Performance Rings have been raised, the new company base has been put into operation in the fourth quarter and existing projects are expected to be added to the risk of significant fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and products; the project is not proceeding as expected, and new production is emerging.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market