Wallau Heung-Il (600426), short-term performance, Warlu Heung-Il, 3rd Quarterly 2023: 19.346 million operating income in January-September 2023.
Hualu Heungl is a modern, multi-occupational industrial enterprise with a major sum, yoy-15.92%, with a net return to the mother of 2.927 billion yuan, yoy 47.11%.
The fall in product prices led to a fall in revenue and profits. The prices of the company’s main products, urea, vinyl, adipic acid, dmf, acetic acid, etc., were influenced by market demand, gasification at the cost of raw materials, synthetic synthesis, “multiline” soft multiproduction, drops, etc.
Companies will accelerate the pace of change and decline, leading to a decline in overall revenue levels. Companies will enhance market operations, strengthen production controls, and optimize industrial layouts to promote the transformation of traditional production capacity.
At the same time, there was a significant decline of 10 percentage points to 22.11 per cent in the combined Māori rate of the quarterly company.
In the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved operating revenues of $6,987 million, yoy+79.1 per cent, qoq+10.81 per cent and a net return profit of $1,218 million, yoy+18.84 per cent, mainly due to the fact that part of the company ' s new energy new materials business product has been in production since the beginning of the year and has contributed to the sale.
The growth in volume is accompanied by an improvement in the price of some products such as fertilizer and acetic acid. We expect that the company will continue to improve in the future, as new projects for its new production become operational and as the prices of its products improve downstream demand rises steadily.
The company relies on clean gasification technology to make full use of a “multiline” revolving economy of flexible multi-manufacturing economy with a total equity/transita share (millions of shares) camp model, a multi-product chain of co-production, a sustained increase in the capacity for integrated use of resources and built on inherent advantages,
Circulation b/h (millions of shares) Continues to drive the extension of the industrial chain and product iterative upgrading, opening new profit growth points. At the same time, the company is strategically positioned as a “local high-end, off-the-shelf” strategy, and the company is not based in Texas on the one hand.
The construction of new projects, the technological upgrading of old projects and the storage of new energy sources, degraded plastics and other follow-up projects extending the industrial chain; on the other hand, the company took advantage of the opportunity to set up the second base in the state, and made every effort to build the base in the state and open up the space for growth.
The first phase of the state project has been successful, and the second phase has been connected to ensure long-term growth of the company. It has been reported that the first phase of the company project has invested a total of $12.3 billion in products such as methanol, acetic acid, urea, etc.
With $5 billion already under way, the future is expected to connect to the first phase of the project and drive corporate growth. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies take advantage of the “one-line” revolving economy’s soft economy’s multi-products, constantly increasing their efficiency capabilities, while future new products are on the rise to boost corporate profitability.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the boom in the East, the source of the short-term pressure on the performance, the medium- and long-term growth of the East.
Liu Woo-Chou has worked in the Research Department of China-King Corporation for nine years in research in the chemical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Wallu Hisung Lian (600426): short-term performance pressure, medium- and long-term growth, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.