Multi-product landscape, corporate q3 performance ring significantly improved
According to the company announcement, during the first three quarters of 2023, the company received $19.346 billion, or 15.92% of the year; and many policies of steady growth have been achieved, macroeconomic data have gradually improved, and prices for future company-owned products have been or are still improving.  State bases are expected to contribute to their performance in q4 in 2023, and companies will be expected to increase their prices in the future.
• In 2023, q3, the price of coal fell and the price of products rose, and most of the company's products were reduced by 16 per cent by RMB/t; the average price of the company products such as octanol, acetic acid, dmf, urea were 11,545, plus a macroeconomic recovery, the price of the company's multi-products rose and the average price of the power coal fell further by q2.
The company’s q3 performance has been boosted by an increase in the price gap and the profit margin for its main product. • The company’s Qingzhou base successfully drove, began construction on Qingzhou II, and opened up further room for company growth.
The company sold the first acetic acid products. Since 2022 h2, the production of a wide range of chemical products has reached a peak, and future production in industries such as acetic acid, dmf, etc. is expected to increase or significantly slow, and the supply and demand patterns of the industry are expected to be better repaired.
According to the Jianghan 90th port public report, phase II of the company’s Tianzhou project, which started on September 14th, is planned to increase the value of its hopes by 2024 – the company’s update report, which is $1 trillion in annual state debt to support recovery and reconstruction. As domestic economic policies grow steadily, it continues.
Low Performance or Present, Qingzhou Base Phase, where macroeconomic recovery is expected to continue, adding to the ongoing production of the future company Qing State Base Project, or the company ' s arrival or coming into production - Corporate Information Update Report
Litigation over o4 performance, subsidiary to build high-end capacity growth period - Corporate Information Update