q3 shows a rapid increase in q3 performances, and the Qingzhou project opens up the space for growth.
The sales of material-related products/chemical fertilizers/organamine series/acetic acids and derivatives have decreased by the same price, with the sales of new energy-related products and chemical fertilizers increasing faster and the performance of q3 having improved significantly over the ring.
Roe(ttm) Energy new materials-related products/chemical fertilizers/organamine series products/Acetic acids and derivatives sales at the lowest price in December ($)
The growth in corporate q3 performance and the improvement in ring ratios was particularly marked, mainly because of the rapid growth in sales of company products related to new energy sources and the improvement in the average price of chemical fertilizer products, acetic acid and derivatives sales.
New high-end chemical projects are to be launched, with medium- and long-term growth in the company. In 2022, the company went into the construction of the project, the installation of the 200,000-ton nylon 6 device for the ammonium and nylon new materials project, the replacement of the capacity of high-end solvents, high-end 66 new materials for the construction of 3 x 480t/h high-capacity coal-fired boilers, etc.
At the same time, the company intends to invest 200,000 tons of bdo, 160,000 tons of nmp and 30,000 tons of pbat biodegradable materials per year, 100,000 tons of acetic anhydride per year, beam resin monomer and beam resins.
Four projects are expected to invest a total of $5,054 million in the improvement of raw materials and products on a single-body basis. Investment proposals: corporate projects are actively promoting the opening of medium- and long-term development space, and companies expect risks in 2023 eps: high-risk prices of raw materials; continued weak demand in the European and United States economies leads to export shortfalls
Intended risk: increased risk from industry competition: occurrence of force majeure events such as natural or man-made disasters. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a index of 300 depths for the shares: three sheets for the three new frames of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.