Wallu Hisung Litt, an event evaluation report from the company 600426.sh, issued an announcement that the company would be more efficient than building 3x480t/h capacity replacements, zhangwb@cfsc.com.cn
The capacity coal-fired boiler project has been completed and is in a trial production phase; the company's high end Solvent project has been completed with the full process of producing qualified products, entering production stages, new projects have been completed and the company's competitiveness has continued to increase.
After the completion of the build-up of the 3x480t/h high-efficiency coal-fired boiler project, the plant-wide capacity and mode of operation will remain unchanged, increasing the company ' s steam supply while meeting the need for a new 2,02.83 million m2 of centralized heating during the heating period.
This should be stable, clean and efficient heating, with high economic, social and environmental benefits. The high-end solvent project produces 600,000 tons of di-methyl-carbonate (of which 300,000 tons are sold) and 300,000 tons of methyl-carbonate.
Tons, 50,000 tons of diethyl carbonate. The successful commissioning of the project will further expand the public sector ' s industrial chain, optimize product structure, enhance corporate market competitiveness and counter-risk. Coal prices have fallen in most prices and q3 has performed well.
New energy materials/chemical fertilizers/organamines/ acetic acids and derivatives in the first three quarters of the company
In November 2023, the company announced the launch of the gas platform project and the synthetic gas integrated use project at the county base.
Tons, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 150,000 tons of dmf, 150,000 tons of methachlor. At the same time, the nylon 66 high-end new materials project, with 200,000 tons of bdo, 160,000 tons of nmp and 30,000 tons of biodegradable materials integration project, the meth resin monolith project
Economic downside risks; risk of high volatility in product prices; risk of project construction below expectations; risk of being constrained by environmental policy start-up; downstream demand below expectations
The company's profit projections (millions of dollars) were introduced by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. Chemical, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research experience, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.