On November 9, the company issued an announcement indicating that the controlling company, China, is the basic chemical company, the chemical material.
The Ruheungl (Jingzhou) Ltd. Park Gas Platform Project and Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project have been implemented to complete the process of producing qualified products into the trial production phase. The completion of the project will lead to a step-by-step enhancement of the company’s core competitiveness and a solid foundation for the subsequent development of the Jingzhou base, consistent with the firmness of the company.
With advanced technology, the company’s cost advantages remain. The project is based on coal, using internationally advanced multi-pesser water gasification technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, building 4
The integrated gas use project is based on synthetic gas, using advanced and efficient synthesis,
Low-energy urea process technology, construction of 1 million tonnes/year urea production unit; construction of 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid production unit using advanced methanol lysium synthesis technology; construction of 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf production assembly using advanced low-pressure techniques
The average price of pure benzene/smoke (pit price, q6500)/propylene has been approximately 7761/985/tonne (ring ratio + 2 per cent/+ 8 per cent/+5 per cent, same ratio + 8 per 31 per cent/-2 per cent) since the fourth quarter of the year.
A slight increase in the cost end ring ratio: urea/dmf/cetic acid/octone/hexahydrazine/dimethyl carbonate/dimethyl carbonate, etc. Price ring ratio decreased.
According to the company's feasibility study, the park gas power level is projected to be 5924,604 million yuan, respectively.
The Wallau Henlium (600426.sh) - 2023q2 performance ring improves, and new projects add up to build capital to be financed by owned funds and bank loans of the controlling subsidiary.
The project focuses on building gas gas platforms and public works, supplying synthetic gas for the post-base project, and providing steam support for the entire park.
Investment proposals: Taking into account the current level of profitability of the company’s main product, we maintain the company’s successful launch of the company’s Qingzhou project in 2023-2025. On November 9, the company issued an announcement indicating that the holding subsidiary, Waruhein Up, Ltd., had reached the full flow of the gas platform project and the Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project.
The completion of the project will further enhance the competitiveness of the company and lay a solid foundation for the subsequent development of the county base, consistent with the company's development strategy and long-term rules, with good economic and social benefits.
The project is based on coal, using internationally advanced multi-pesser water-powder gasification technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, and the construction of four gas furnaces and accessories, coupled with the construction of two empty sub-sets, three high-temperature coal-powder boilers and public engineering facilities.
Integrated Synthetic Gas Utilization Project, based on synthetic gas, with advanced high-efficiency, low-energy urea process techniques, construction of 1 million tonnes/year urea production units; construction of 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid production units using advanced methanol synthesizing techniques: use of advanced low-pressure synthetic organamines, exposure production of dmf technologies
150 000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf production units; ammonia refrigeration, sulphur recovery and public utility facilities, according to the average price of pure benzene/smoking since the beginning of the fourth quarter (pit price, q6500)/propylene at approximately 7761/985/tonne (ring ratio + 2%/+ 8%/+5%, same ratio + 8%/-31%/-2%), at the end of the cost
A slight increase in the ring ratio: average prices of urea/dmf/cetic acid/octone/hexahydrazine/dipic acid/dimethyl carbonate, respectively The price ratio of most main products increased, while price ratios of adipic acid, dimethylcarbonate, etc., decreased. Figure 3: Prices of acetic acid and price differentials (m/t)
Figure 4: Prices and differentials of octanol (mg/t) Figure 5: Prices and differentials of HCNA (mg/t) Figure 6: Prices and differentials of HCNA (mg/t)
Figure 7: Prices and differentials of dimethyl carbonate (Mt/t)
According to the company ' s announcement, after the launch of the Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project, the total investment is expected to be $5,924,604 million, respectively, and the project ' s construction funds are financed by the holding subsidiary ' s own funds and bank loans. An average annual operating income of $5,968 million is expected to be realized, with a total profit of $626 million.
Construction of gasification platforms and public works, supply of synthetic gas for the base follow-up projects, and investment advice for the entire park: taking into account the current level of profitability of the company ' s main products, we maintain the company ' s net return 2023-2025. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author