Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the evening of 27 October 2023, Waru Hisung-il issued a three-quarter 2023 report: 19.346 billion won by the third quarter of 2023, a 15.92 per cent decline in comparison; net profit on return to the mother
• Improved price spreads for major commodities, significant increases in the production and sale of new energy materials, corporate profit margins of 2023q3, falling prices for raw materials coal, higher prices for primary products and improved price differentials.
According to the data, the market price of 2023q3 power coal (q:5,000) averaged 771.63 yuan, the change in ring comparison - 5.99 per cent, and the price of dmf/ acetic acid/urea/hydiacetic/octol, respectively, was 5420.13 per cent, mainly for the first half of the company ' s high-end solvent project.
• New projects are moving forward, accelerating the deployment of new materials to open up future development space, company back-end multi-line layout of gasification platforms, moving up the value chain, with a higher level of cost control than industry averages.
RMB, mainly a 1 million tonnes of acetic acid, 300,000 tonnes of organochlorine and 1 million tonnes of urea per year functionalization project, with a successful input from the gas-powered platform and the Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project, expected to become operational at 2023.11.
Investing $5,054 million in the construction of a project for the integration of pergradable materials of 200,000 tonnes bdo, 160,000 tonnes nmp and 30,000 tonnes pbat per year, a project for 100,000 tonnes/year acetic anhydride, a project for melamine resins, and a project for the optimization of raw materials and products for melamine resins.
For important projects of corporate capital spending, the start-up of new projects opens up new opportunities for companies to grow. One of the leading companies in the chemical industry is Waruingung, which is based on gasification platforms, building an integrated operating model, with a strong cost-control advantage, and now prices of products.
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks; and (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected; The data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.