First Report on Coverage of Employable Securities (60137.sh): The recommended first coverage of large-scale management operations is expected, and the profitability is high
Companies are high-growth companies in the neck of the industry. In recent years, boom securities have been promoted through group integration, expanding their channels of business with firms affiliated to such groups as the Hewlett Bank and others, up to 52 weeks.
The wealth management business has become a performance growth point. In recent years, the “fiscal amount” has become the main performance growth point for the next securities industry.
Large capital management relies on a public fund and its performance is expected to be stable. The Employing Stock Holdings Fund (51% equity) and the Participation in the South Fund (9.15% equity) contribute significantly to the management of corporate fund operating income. The Fund managed operating income of $4.2 billion at the end of 2020, a doubling of the year.
It is expected to achieve a steady and high-expected increase in the returns from large-scale capital management operations. Downside risks, downside risks for the market as a whole. 1 Employable securities: high-growth companies in the industry’s necks.
1.1 From the steady development of local securities to the national integrated securities company Engbonds were formerly the Department of Securities Operations established by the Fujian Heung Bing Bank in 1991 and in April 1994 the Fujian Hyeong Bing Bing Bing Bing Bank formed the Fukukian Bing Bing Bing Bing Soldier. By 1999, the company had been decoupled from the Fukuk Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bank.
In October 2010, for the first time in the Shanghai Stock Exchange (60137.sh), the company 's registered capital increased to RMB 2.2 billion. By 2016, the distribution of the company ' s shareholdings was successfully completed, with the registered capital changed to RMB 6,697 million.
The Hong Kong subsidiary has successfully entered the Hong Kong joint venture, and corporate internationalization has entered a new phase. Corporate diversification, with the goal of a “second transformation” in 2003, led to the granting of qualifications for open portfolio investment funds and surrogates.
In 2007, the company took control of the stock futures by means of a purchase, which was later renamed “Engineering Futures” Ltd. In 2009, the CSRC approved the company to conduct a pilot direct investment business. In 2010, the company was authorized to carry out a financing voucher operation. In 2013, the company was entrusted with managing the eligibility of insurance funds, the eligibility for off-site openings and the transfer of shares of small and medium-sized enterprises throughout the country.
By the end of 2020, the CSRC had six securities finance subsidiaries, covering such specialized areas as funds, futures and risk management, asset management, private equity funds, alternative and direct equity investments, and cross-border finance. In 2021, the CSRC approved companies and the Global Fund of Employers to pilot the Fund’s operations.
Strive to advance wealth management operations, asset management operations and investment banking by changing the existing “broker plus self-employed” structure of operations, thus forming a well-established, well-structured and sustainable chain of investment services to achieve two transformational milestones.
Focusing on Fujian, the number of branches of the company radiationd the country's booming securities branch has expanded significantly, and by 2019 the Tibetan branch opened in Lhasa, marking the full national coverage of the company's branch offices. By late 2020, the company had 92 domestic branches in 31 provinces of the country;
A professional branch and 143 securities offices, covering 19 provinces. The expansion of institutions throughout the country provides firm conditions for companies to move forward and expand their operations.
The Fujian Ministry of Finance, the Fujian Province Investment Development Group, and Shanghai Shinseng Ltd. have long held a stable share of the top three shareholders in the business. State-owned legal entities and state-owned shares account for 37.51% of the top ten shareholders. A stable national capital background provides an advantage for the group to work collaboratively and externally.
At the same time, the development of venture securities has gradually included a number of domestic and foreign holding companies, in collaboration with the diversification of the company:1 the Global Fund Management Limited, established in September 2003, with a registered capital of 150 million yuan, operates: fund collection, fund sales, asset management, customer-specific asset management and other operations licensed by the China Securities and Monitoring Board.
CSCM was established in June 2014 with a registered capital of 800 million yuan as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. It operates in the area of securities management. As of 31 December 2020, the CSCR had a total assets of 2,686 million yuan and a net assets of 1,294 million yuan, representing a net operating income of 226 million yuan and a net profit of 700 million yuan.
3. Stakeholder Futures Limited, established in December 1995 with a registered capital of 1.2 billion yuan, operates in the following areas: commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, fund sales, asset management, with 99.55 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings. As of 2020, Stakeholder (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Ltd., established in July 2011, with a registered capital of 2 billion Hong Kong dollars, is a company.
Stewardship (HKK) does not directly operate securities operations, except under a holding subsidiary; it includes trading in securities, trading in futures contracts, advising on securities, advising on futures contracts, providing advice on institutional financing, providing securities guarantee financing, and providing asset management.
The controlled total assets of HK$ 18,285 million and the net assets of HK$ 3,451 million resulted in a net operating income of HK$ 163 million, net profits, and CIFL, which was established in April 2010 with a registered capital of HK$ 700 million as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, operating as a private fund-raising fund.
A net operating income of RMB 255 million and a net profit of RMB 129 million was realized throughout the year, of which $6.0 billion was established in March 2015 with a registered capital of RMB 6 billion as a fully-owned company. The range of operations is: investment in financial products, equity investment, project investment and other types of investment recognized by the regulatory authorities.
As of 31 December 2020, the total equity of the investments was 3,103 million yuan, net assets 2,778 million yuan, net operating income of 197 million yuan and net profits of 127 million yuan throughout the year.7 South Fund Management Limited, registered capital of 362 million yuan, and the company held 9.15 per cent of the equity.
By the end of 2020, the South Fund had a total assets of $12,009 million and a net assets of $7,841 million. In 2020, it achieved operating income of $5,630 million and net profits of $1,484 million.
1.2 Business quality continues to improve, and profitability is significant. In terms of corporate business income as a whole, the year 2020 saw a boom of 17,58 billion yuan and a 23 per cent rise in business at a high base in 2019. The company achieved business income of 13,388 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, and is expected to make a breakthrough throughout the year.
At the end of 2020, the total equity/mother-to-manufactured assets of the booming industry stood at $181,37.7 billion, an increase of 6.1 per cent (9.6 per cent) from the previous year.
The sharp decline in net profits in 2018 was due to the company's preparedness for significant impairment losses on its assets, and to the return of its net profits to the mother after the risk was cleared.
This represents an increase of 127 per cent in the same year, with a net return of 3.52 billion yuan to the mother in the third quarter of 2021 and a year's profit expected at a high base level.
2.1 Brokering: The scale and growth of income, the successful transformation of wealth management, the increased volatility of the market as a whole, the increase in revenue from brokering, the rebound of the secondary market in 2020, the sharp rise in market indices and the marked increase in the turnover.a Share market 2020a
The net revenue from brokerage fees was $2.778 billion, a 77 per cent increase in the same year, while the share of revenue from the sale of securities in the first half of 2021 showed an overall downward trend. The share of income from corporate sales of financial products continued to rise, while the share of income from rental of unit seats was stable: the share of revenue from brokering securities, though declining over the six-year period, was the overall proportion.
Both are above 60%, while the other two operations show a small increase in revenue, but their share in brokering revenue is less than 40% of the total, and the semi-annual 2021 report shows that the share of proceeds from sales of financial products continues to grow, contributing further to the share of income. Whether or not the sales of securities by agency are growing at a sharp rate and far exceeding the growth in stock-based transactions across the market.
With regard to the customer structure of the voucher business, the share of institutional clients rose rapidly from 35 per cent in 2017 to 45.6 per cent in 2018, and has been consistently in terms of rental income for seats in the trading unit, the company is in the forefront of the industry and, according to the Chinese Securities Association's caliber, the securities business has fluctuated between 4 and 7 in the last five years.
Figure 18: Rental income and growth of equity seats Business structure optimized from 2010 through differentiated strategies, management of target clients, product strategies, etc.
By 2020, the company will be guided by a client-oriented, integrated and replicable model of professional investment services supported by professional services, product manufacturing, and the corporate platform. By 2020, it will be guided by a client-centred concept, its ability to invest in a growing workforce, its family wealth business model and its high-net customer service system.
With the initial build-up and steady growth of the agency’s brokerage business, the gradual development of new channels for further growth in client size, the success of the transition in wealth management, and the effective increase in the influence of the brand of wealth. In the case of the brokering of financial products, the management of the wealth of the booming securities benefits from the early stages of the transition, and companies continue to be fully structured.
In the 2020 reporting period, companies achieved a significant increase of 111% over the same period. In the 2020 reporting period, the stock exchange rankings of the booming stock market were stabilized in the pre-industrial period.
10, entering the top five on several occasions. Figure 20 shows the income from securities swaps and the increase in the volume of financial product swap holdings, which are at the top of the list. By the third quarter of 2021,
A billion yuan, a two-point increase from the second quarter. Branches cover the entire country, strengthening the construction of priority areas.
As a regional platform, operational platform and landing platform for operations, the branch has been strengthened, the network has been strengthened efficiently, the organizational structure has continued to improve, the workforce has been strengthened and operational capacity has been upgraded, providing important guarantees for strengthening regional competitiveness.
The largest number of businesses and branches is found at the start-up point of the booming securities. Figure 22 Changes in the number of branches and branches of companies in recent years 2.2 Investments: high earnings from equity-based operations supported by claims-based operations
In terms of the structure of the contribution, the distribution of corporate equity financing projects in 2020 was much better than last year's, in terms of income from investment banking operations.
Figure 24: Change in the share-in-back income ratio of bond underwriting, Figure 27: Merited securities portfolio income rankings, companies stomping on reform dividends and market opportunities, responding to countries' deepening capital market reforms and strengthening their physical registration operations
• Regional strategies for the development of core areas, such as the North and the Guangjiang Zulu, and for the expansion of the central and western regions: fostering competitive advantages in the industry, based on historically superior teams, accelerating the introduction of internal and external talent, harnessing the bonding effect and accelerating the push
Building industry groups to accelerate the deployment of industry strategies; focusing on building and accumulation of business resources for M & As, maintaining sensitivity to M & As policies, increasing research and analysis of industry and industry, and improving the ability to match transactions.
In terms of the size of the loan, the head of the public bond portfolio has risen steadily, reaching $75.4 billion in 2020, with 41 more than in 2019.
Overall, the growth rate of corporate investment is higher than the industry average, and the investment strategy is moving towards a large-scale investment, with a focus on the development of equity underwriting. In terms of growth potential, the total number of projects that met, met and received approvals at the end of 2020 is 35, industry 11th, project reserves are more abundant, and the North Junction is fully operational.
The industry has brought about a new business increase in the investment portfolio, which will be further increased in the future, taking into account the company’s position in the upper middle of its ranking and its ability to obtain a new business increase.
Thanks to the new regulations governing the management of capital, the management of the assets of the booming securities business has been reduced by the size of the corridor and further reduced profitability, while the profitability of the fund management business has been further enhanced, accounting for an important share of the net profit contribution of the branch operations.
The share of operations was 4/96 per cent, compared to 3.7/96.3 per cent for data on 2021h1, and in the future it is either maintained or maintained as a percentage of income from the operations of the Fund.
The process of de-routing, netting of products, and elimination of regulatory arbitrage for asset management has continued, returning to proactive management. At the same time, with the emergence of international capital leaders, the emergence of silver and financial subsidiaries, and the re-engineering of competitive patterns in the asset management sector, there has been an acceleration.
The Group ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, HCMS, insists on developing proactive management operations, actively reducing the size of its products, targeting the size of its portfolio, gradually increasing the share of pooled and earmarked funds, but overall asset management and management rates have declined as a result of industry policies and competition. As of the end of December 2020, the GEM was receiving credit.
Total asset management capital of 57.5 billion yuan, equity gains of 170.12 million yuan, 42/32 per cent lower than the previous year, while the level of profitability has been declining in recent years, benefiting from a low share of overall profit contributions, not leading the industry to public equity fund performance, and large increases in large-scale income.
The Group Holding Company has demonstrated that Global Fund Management Ltd. has long been a source of strong returns for its clients, that it has maintained its industry leadership over the medium to long term, and that it has won the Golden Bull Foundation Award 11 times in a row, a holding fund (51% of its shares) for emerging securities. The Global Fund Management Ltd. has continued to grow in its holdings of non-monetary finance funds.
In 2018, at the bottom of the rest of the group’s business, the Fund contributed $6.44 billion. Overall, the Fund has become a key pillar of corporate future synergies, and has smoothed the rest of the company’s business.
The company holds a 9.15% equity interest in the South Fund Management Company, Inc., which covers fund collection, fund sales, asset management and other operations licensed by the State Council Securities Supervisory Authority.
At the end of the third quarter of 2021, the average monthly average size of Kim was 53,365 million yuan, the sector’s first profit of 880 million yuan, and is expected to perform well throughout the year. The South Fund Management Limited’s high-quality, high-speed development of securities supports the development and transformation of the Fund’s management operations and contributes to the overall increase in the profitability of emerging securities.
Private equity fund management brands have been raised, capital market reforms have continued to be beneficial
In 2020, the net profit on capital rose by 81.96% compared to $129 million. In terms of historical net profits and growth, the profitability of private equity fund operations was more affected by the industry cycle, but the capital market continued to be reformed in 2021, resulting in an increase of 81.96%.
On the rise, and as the epidemic stabilizes, the resumption of work is fully advanced, and the benefits of capital market reforms, such as the collapse of the entrepreneurship board, the introduction of the new three-board top-down, are continuously released, and the exit of the equity market is further widened, leading to long-term growth in the industry.
3-heavy capital operations: two-way, self-employed operations are gaining strength. 3.1 Credit operations: two-way operations go with the market, stock pledge risks are under control.
In 2019, the CSRC directed the deep exchange to revise the Rules for the Implementation of Loan Transactions, which no longer provide uniform minimum levels for the maintenance of guarantees, and to translate regulatory and self-regulatory requirements into the inherent need for insurance management, leaving it to the securities firm to negotiate with the client.
Well, securities companies can be assessed as appropriate to reduce the minimum maintenance ratio, and vice versa. The easing of the two-fold policy has led to a massive rise in the two-fold mark, and a comprehensive reform of the policy benefits and registration system is expected to further activate the two-fold market.
Rapid customer demand response mechanisms, individualized service packages for clients, proactive management of business risks, multi-layered bond source systems, multi-channel expansion of coupons, and continuous increase in market share of two-package operations. Between 2016 and 2020, stock pledge operations continued to fall in size and risk was further controlled
The company stock pledge business structure has continued to improve, following industry-wide adjustments in the location of the stock pledge buy-back business, stock pledges have continued to shrink in scale, transactions have been smooth, business synergies have been created, services have been required for the comprehensive financing of the company’s clients, and the growth of the real economy and green industry has been facilitated.
3.2 Self-employment: a clear and sound business structure with a steady growth in self-employment
1) In the case of equity-owned investment operations, companies are guided by sound investment, value investment, and focus on balancing risks and returns, emphasizing both aggressiveness and preparedness. Actively expand the coverage of the industry and deepen research in the farming sector, with the Blue Lead group as the main allocation direction, with the aim of creating a sound return on investment.
(ii) In the case of fixed-income self-investment operations, in 2020 the company seized staged opportunities during the epidemic and took preventive action against the withdrawal of monetary policy in the post-epidemiological period, obtaining interest differential allocation gains and stage trading gains
In 2020, companies effectively captured the financing of the recovery period. 3) In alternative investment operations, booming securities are active through a subsidiary, the Investment Management Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Stimulus Investment”). They focus on equity investors, focusing on semiconductors, new-generation information technology, etc.
New energy materials, energy conservation, high-end manufacturing, medical biology, etc., are gradually developing alternative investments in science, supported by equity investments in the creation of new and solid harvests, targeted increases, etc. In 2020, investment was certified to have completed a total of 11 equity projects. At the same time, as an alternative subsidiary of the first innovation agency in the market, 10 were actively promoted throughout the year.
There has been a steady increase in self-employment, with robust investment overcoming industry-cyclicality and fluctuations in income from self-employment operations to a certain extent in line with industry-cyclicality, and a higher level of revenue for the better years, with changes being recorded in other combined-benefit financial assets + investment returns from joint ventures + available-for-sale financial assets).
Figure 45 Revenue from self-employment and speed of growth
We have made the following key assumptions in our 2021-2023 portfolio profitability projections: (2) According to the Central Economic Conference, the pace of deepening capital market reforms will continue, adding up the increase in investment flows from the North, with a projected 5 per cent increase in the size of corporate equity and bond holdings in 2021;
The size of the joint venture management will rise steadily, and the size of the targeted/specialized portfolio will drop; 4) The balance of the financing coupons will generally fluctuate with market conditions, and as the opening of our capital markets to the outside world accelerates, we have chosen to value the comparable company valuation method, with a market net ratio as the reference indicator.
Big ahead of the median number of listed securities dealers, ranked fifth among all listed securities, and the company was a very long-forming securities dealer in the former sector, and selected Chinese gold companies with similar roe levels in 2020, widely issued securities, and similar market values of Chinese and Thai securities, light securities as comparable companies, with four dealers forecast an average pb of 1.60 x as boom securities in 2022.
1) Policy implementation has had less than expected or even tightened, and the North Crossing has not advanced as expected; 3) corporate strategy implementation has had less than expected; 4) unforeseeable large-scale credit impairment losses have had a direct impact on profit performance.