Mid 2021: Accelerating intelligent driving, 24/08/2021  Investment highlights: company ' s 2021 h1 performance report, in line with our expectations, 2021h1
The current operating income of $4.083 billion, or +57.25 per cent, represents a net return to the mother of $370 million, compared to the impact of the shortage of impregnated chips due to the intellectual + product upgrading + customer structural upgrading, the increase in the cost of research and development + the loss of investment earnings, resulting in a decline in the net return to the mother of q2 rings: 1) the shortage of industrial chips.
The demand for downstream cars has declined. According to the FMC data, the company’s top three clients, one Volkswagen/Jili / Great Wall q2 sales in 2021 amounted to 43.9 per cent/29.67 million/ 22.07 million vehicles, and the sales of ring p7 were 430.9 per cent equal to the revenues of the company’s H1 smart driver of 571 million in 2021.
. With the benefit of a large screen upgrade in value, the company smart-barrel business will have a profit of 3,338 million yuan, or +44.13%. 4) Client-structure upgrades will boost the same growth rate.
(v) Increased R & D input + loss of investment earnings leads to a net profit of the mother q2 ring  adherence to strategic leadership, a steady increase in the performance of the three product lines and sustained high-quality corporate development: 1) In smart cabin controls, large-screened cabin products, digital instrumentation
Toyota, Walle, Gilly, Broadway, Chirre, New Project Orders for Mainstream Cars, Biadi, etc.) In the case of smart driving, the company owns it.
Automated driving support system that integrates high and low speed scenes has been identified as a project.
Point, advanced autopilot control product that achieves level 1-4 functionality - ipu04 has been evaluated for over one quarter of the year: high performance, project fixation. 3) On vehicle-based connectivity, the security manager of the ISPs has been mainstreamed
Period 2021-04-15 The solar car plant is targeted, and products such as blue whales os 4.0 and smart access software receive preloaded volume orders.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: taking into account the likely persistence of chip shortages due to the South-East Asian epidemic.
The annual report reviews: q4 performance is excellent, the mood + card spot scarcity + high future performance growth, Desai is expected to enjoy a higher valuation premium, and the demand for downstream passenger vehicles recovers less than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board