The raw material price increase plus chip shortage, the 2021q2 performance ring decline, and the non-net profit is expected to double and meet expectations. New smart products like corporate autopilot domain controllers are on their way.
Pointing and release, with a reduction in the industry core deficit in the second half of the year, is expected to maintain high profit growth throughout the year and to eliminate the subsidiary ' s listing effect, with 2021q2 net profit expected to double the same rate, and according to company announcement data, 2020h1 is expected to increase with fair value changes brought about by the listing of share company ficha
The proceeds from the collection of funds amounted to $126 million, contributing more than one half of the parent ' s net profit of 2020h1, the net profit of 2020h1 was $108 million, and the net profit of 2020q2 was approximately $6,486,644.000 per quarter, so we expect that the net profit of 2021q2 will be similar to the net profit of the parent, thus measuring the company ' s net profit.
2021q2 net profit is still expected to double the year-on-year rate. . ..Auto-pilot domain controllers have mature product ladders, captivated smart-driving gold track companies now have mature ipu product ladders in auto-driving domain controllers, which are not satisfactory.
These include ipu01 for apa and the optics system, ipu02 for the level of l2+ (including functions such as passenger parking), ipu03 for the level of an L3-level autopilot control based on the British Weldaxavier chip, and the level-I4 autopilot based on the English-Weed Orin chip.
Controllers. As can be seen, the company has formed a complete product ladder for the automatic driving function at level 1-l4, and the products in question have been scaled up or targeted for projects, have taken the lead in the card-driving smart gold track, and are expected to drive a high growth trend in company performance in the future.
Small and Medium Disk Information Update - 2020q1 Performance Expedition, Accelerating Growth of Smart Driver Core Targets
Business has doubled, and the future of the wise and new product is likely to grow.