The Māori rate continues to improve and the intelligent driving business has grown.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2021, and in the first half of 2021 it achieved operating income of $4.08 billion, an increase of 57.3 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $370 million, an increase of 61 per cent in the same year, was at the upper limit of the performance forecast. Of this amount, operating income of $2.04 billion was achieved in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of 40.6 per cent in the same year;
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved about 1 percentage point of operating income, and the improvement was largely due to the rapid advance in corporate intelligence. In the first half of the year, R & D investment totalled $390 million, a 30.9% increase, representing 9.5% of operating income.
In the first half of the year, my country saw a 27% rise in vehicle sales on the same basis, giving the company an opportunity to develop. Based on the wisdom of the transition period, the company traveled across the three major business groups, using traditional vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, body information and control systems, and driving letters.
Interest shows that operations such as the system are classified as smart class operations, and that the addition of smart drivers and web-connected services is compatible with corporate positioning. Of this, smart class operations, which are the cornerstone of the current company, account for 81.8% of the total revenue, and generated revenues of $3.34 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 44.1% over the previous year.
The Māori rate is expected to improve further in the future as the lack of a core eases over the same period. The Māori rate for smart driving has increased significantly, with long-term flashpoints for volves. 2021h1 fully automated parking, 360 degrees high-resolution sightings have been ordered for new projects in mainstream domestic firms, and passenger parking products are also available.
In a mainstream car factory, the ipu04, which is a high-research input, and the auto-driving support system have received multiple project fixes. Smart driving has reached 14%. Revenues have increased by 121.3% over the same period.
1. Dessehway (002920); 7 billion new orders, counter-intensity high growth (2021-04-14) fixed, and products such as blue whales 4.0 and smart access software packages obtained preloaded volume orders.
Tesaiwie (002920). National product, Tier 1, leads to a smart transformation, with millions of dollars on the back of British Weibo, corresponding to 60, 48 and 37 times the amount of pe, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.