The first time Ipu04 was offline with a high-growth domain controller.
The autopilot domain controller ipu04 circuit board was successfully delineated. The super-calculus+rich port brings with it an automatic driver-assisted cross-cutting development, which is expected to achieve volume production in 2022. 1) Super-calculus constantly evolves, bringing greater sense of security and reliability to travel.
The initial downlink of ipu04 is 254 tops, which is more than seven times the ipu03, and the next 508 tops/1,000 tops version will be connected, with maximum arithmetic extending to 2000 tops;
Interfaces, 12 high-speed can, 2xray, 6 gigabytes, 6 gigabytes, and 2 terabytes of Ethanet interfaces. A sufficient number of high-altitude cameras and millimetre wave radars, laser radars, ultrasound sensors can be accessed.
Super arithmetic + rich interfaces will result in a significant increase in vehicle perception of complex environments, and these changes will result only in safer, more reliable, and more comfortable autopilot support functions for vehicles. ipu04 has completed a target for multiple head customers in the country, and is expected to produce in 2022.
▪ Smart class business + customer structure expansion contributes to growth, intelligent business continues to grow, and performance ceilings open. 1) Smart cabins benefit from product upgrades. Benefiting from large screen upgrades in value, company smart class business 2021h1 received $3.38 billion, or +44.13 per cent.
2) Smart driving products continue to overlap, and user sales increase. The company’s high-level autopilot domain control reports a mid-year review: smart driving speeds up the delivery of 6165 vehicles per month, compared to 20.9% per year. The new generation of autopilot domain controllers ipu042022
The company's smart driving + smart cabin business is constantly getting new project orders in the customer's office.
The year-h1 performance forecast: semi-annual:  profit forecast and investment rating: 1) the benefit product of the smart cabin is upgraded and its value is increasing;
2) Smart driving products are constantly changing, and customers are expanding. 3) Car-borne co-products are now in the mainstream solar system, followed by preloading orders. On the basis of the above factors, we predict that one-quarter of the year will be evaluated: performance is exceedingly advanced.
The demand for downstream passenger vehicles recovered less than expected.