Company review report  Computer industry 2021h1 with a high rate of growth, smart cabins, smart Dessehway (002920.sz)
• Rapid growth of new products in driving and network services by 57.25 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net return to mothers by $370 million on a year-on-year basis by 61.01 per cent on a year-on-year basis;
Realization of net profit from deductions of $361 million, or 23.431 per cent, compared to the previous year; performance against expectations, with 2021q2 being more affected by fair value change gains; net profit from repatriation of $141 million, or 18.89 per cent, compared with the corresponding decline in fair value
Zou Wen Xin, this is $11.546 million, and if the impact is excluded, the company’s net profit of 2021q2 will increase at the same rate as its income. Gains and losses on fair value changes are mainly for Ficcha’s investment gains and losses.
Although affected by chip shortages and the rise in raw materials, the Māori rate continues to rise, with a slight increase in the cost rate over the period. Benefiting from the scale effect, Māori rates continue to raise the profile of new products such as smart cabins, smart driving, and Internet services, which are fast-growing and have a comprehensive product layout.
During the first half of the year, the new products of corporate smart driving and smart cockpit continued to grow rapidly, and the rapid growth of new products remained the main driving force behind the growth of corporate revenue. By branch, corporate intelligence and class income grew by 44.13%, and smart driving income increased by 44.13%.
The company's all-automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant and other adas products continue to receive new project orders from the home owner, the passenger parking product is about to be delivered in the new model of multiple mainstream car manufacturers, and autopilots are based on full technological advantage, integration of high and low speed scenes.
Auxiliary systems have acquired project fixes for advanced autopilot domain control products that can achieve level 1-4 functions - ipu04 has been identified for multiple projects.
New order orders for new projects, smart space controllers, big-screened cabins, products, digital instruments, etc., have been obtained from mainstream firms such as Toyota, Walle, Gilly, Bus, Chire, Biadi, etc.
The business cabins have been secured by mainstream solar car plants, and products such as blue whales 4.0 and smart access software packages have been ordered for pre-loaded volume products. Smart cabin penetration has increased rapidly, and smart drivers have a card-level advantage.
The Division's smart cabin product is fully configured, benefiting from a rapid increase in its penetration, and is expected to be released on a continuous basis. According to Weiston's projections, the main products of the smart cabin in 2020 (including car-borne entertainment information systems, dashboards, control screens, car networking, Hud) are global market rules.
The model, estimated at $44.7 billion, is expected to exceed $73.8 billion in 2025 and 10.43 per cent of carg in 2019-2025. In the case of intelligent driving, companies work with British Weida to autopilot domain control, which has a positional advantage.
Since the current L2+ vehicle type penetration rate is still low, auto-pilot domain controllers have not yet been used on a large scale, and there is much room for future development. The investment proposal is that the company’s 2021h1 battalion is growing rapidly, new customers are expanding and profitable.
Intelligent cabins, smart drivers, and web-based services are growing rapidly, and the products are well-structured. The company ' s smart cabin products are well structured, benefiting from a rapid increase in their penetration, and are expected to continue to be released; in intelligent driving, the company collaborates with Weida automatically.
Driving domain controllers, with a positional advantage, autopilot domain controllers will develop space giants in the future, corresponding to 67.07x53.04x/45.50x in 2021-2023. Maintenance of " recommended " company-wide operational status tracking
Figure 1: Operating income and rate of increase in the same year Figure 2: Net return and rate of increase in the same year Figure 3: Māori rate and changes in net interest rates
Figure 4: Changes in cost rates for the period Figure 6: pb-bands Figure 5: p-bands
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
With a second-tier market experience, he has long focused on science and technology corporate research.