The chip shortage drags q2 performance, smart new products blooms a little bit.
• 2021h1 performance meets expectations, chip shortages and price increases for raw materials drag 2 net profits. Company announcement, semi-annual report, 2021h1, achieved operating income of $4,083 million, or +57.25 per cent; mother net profit of $370 million, or +61.1 per cent, achieved net profit of $361 million, or net profit of non-retrogents.
+23.431%. In a single quarter, 2021q2 achieved business income of $2,041 million, or +40.66%, and in the context of the net increase in the cost of the mother's “deficit core” and raw materials, downstream clients' high-profile convergences with intelligent penetration contributed to the fearless “deficiencies” of public orders, and new core customer projects continued to expand.
In recent years, the company, with its “focus on core clients” as its strategic approach, has been developing new customers, such as Jianghua, Maruti Suzuki, Toyota, while continuing to consolidate major mobile companies, such as the European-American, Japanese, and autonomous brands. Although the chip shortage has had some impact on individual key clients, such as the one-breeding public, the core clients have been very large and soared.
Toyota, Maedeta, Wall, Jili, Biadi, and Uri are still in order, with a strong hand order. In 2020, the company received an annualized order for a new $7 billion sale, including smart cabins, smart drivers, network services, etc., which will effectively provide an engine for growth.
• Carbo-intelligent high-profile lanes, smart pods, smart drivers, web-based services for new products, smart cabins, corporate multiscreens, etc., are constantly being scaled up on the main domestic brands, such as the Great Wall, Chang-Aon, and others. There is a steady increase in the dominance of leading domestic brands, such as the Great Wall and the Long-Ann cars, and lower tourist arrivals.
In the case of smart driving, products such as the company's automated parking system, the 360-degree optics system, the autopilot control system, etc. cover class 1-1-l4 autopilots and get new project orders from clients such as Aji, Red Flag, Gilly, Chir, Hiro.
The pilot domain controller ipu04 has also obtained multiple project fixes. In ISP, the cabin controller has been assigned to the mainstream solar car factory, where products such as blue whales 4.0 and smart access software packages have been pre-loaded.
Chip Shortage, 2021q2 Performance Ring Decline - Period, Accelerated Growth of Smart Driver Cores - Small and Medium Disk Update - Driving Information Display System
I've doubled my business, and I've never seen anything like it.