Jiangsu Hengli (601100 CH)
3Q24 earnings below expectations due to
BUY (Maintain)
margin contraction
Target Price
RMB64.00
Hengli's EBIT in 3Q24 dropped 6% YoY to RMB445mn, due to gross margin
Up/Downside
14.7%
contraction of 1.9ppt YoY despite an 11% YoY increase in revenue. The margin
Current Price
RMB55.82
contraction, which was due to lower utilisation rate based on our understanding,
China Capital Goods
is slightly below our expectation. Reported net profit grew 6% YoY to
RMB504mn, helped by increases in net finance income and other gains. We are
Wayne FUNG, CFA
still positive on Hengli over the medium term, as (1) revenue contribution from
non-excavator components continues to increase; (2) electric cylinders, ball
screws and linear motion will likely serve as new growth driver in 2025E. That
Stock Data
said, we think the potential Trump presidency could be a risk in the near term,
given the potential increase in tariff that might affect the upcoming exports from
the new production base in Mexico to the US market. We therefore believe
better entry points may emerge after the election. We have left our earnings
forecast unchanged. Our TP is also unchanged at RMB64, based on 31x 2024E
P/E (historical average). Maintain BUY.
Shareholding Structure
■ Key highlights in 3Q24 results: Revenue in 3Q24 grew 11% YoY to
RMB2.1bn. Gross margin contracted 1.9ppt YoY and 2.1ppt QoQ to 41%.
Selling & distribution expense ratio was under good control (2.1%, -0.2ppt
Share Performance
YoY), while administrative and R&D expense ratio increased 2.9ppt YoY to
17%. In 9M24, net profit slightly increased 2% YoY to RMB1.79bn,
accounting for 65% of our full-year forecast (run rate in 9M23: 70%).
Production plan in Oct: We understand that Hengli has scheduled a
Source: FactSet
production volume of 42k units of hydraulic cylinders (for excavators) in Oct,
12-mth Price Performance
down ~5% YoY. For non-standardized cylinders, the planned production in
Oct is expected to drop ~10% YoY to 17k units, due to the high base effect.
On the positive side, scheduled production volume of small-size
pumps/valves has increased ~40%/~90% YoY in Oct.
Risk factors: (1) further weakness in the demand for hydraulic components
for excavators; (2) slower-than-expected new business development; (3)
potentially higher tariffs upon Trump presidency.
Source: FactSet
Earnings Summary
Related reports:
Capital Goods sector – Construction
machinery sales in Sep: Decent export
growth; weak demand in China - 16 Oct
2024 (link)
Jiangsu Hengli – Revenue acceleration
with margin expansion in 2Q24; new
products development on track – 28 Aug
2024 (link)
Jiangsu Hengli – 4Q23 & 1Q24 earnings
not exciting; but more positive drivers to
come - 24 Apr 2024 (link)
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Note: Some of the domestic sales will be exported in the form of
finished products
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 7: Hengli's motor monthly production
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 8: Key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.