Events: On April 27, 2022, a quarterly report was released by the Chinese god, and during the reporting period, the company realized the Chinese god (601088).
Coal plate: The price of corporate coal sales increased by 31.4 per cent in a quarter, and the revenue from coal operations increased by 20.5 per cent. The company produced 80 million tons of coal in a quarter, an increase of 3.6 per cent in the same year; coal, carbon sales, 105 million tons, a decrease of 8.4 per cent in the same year, with the annual COAG share of 51.47 per cent in a month.
The annual average sales price of coal per quarter was $624 per ton, an increase of 31.4 per cent compared to 35 per cent, while the share of spot sales was 8.6 per cent, an increase of 31.4 per cent compared to 31 per cent, resulting in an increase in output on the same basis but a decrease in sales on the same basis, as companies planned to reduce the volume of coal sold in trade this year.
The price of the coal plate increased by 20.5% from the same year by 67,854 million yuan per quarter. The cost of coal produced by the company itself was 150 yuan per ton, an increase of 16.8% from the same year.
The increase in the number of employees in the company increases the amount of social security contributions and the cost of severance payments, among other things, leading to an increase in other costs. The increase in the value of the coal plate is 24.8 billion yuan a quarter, an increase of 79.2 per cent over the same period; Against this background, prices are expected to remain medium-high. The increase in the average price of coal sold by the company will boost the camp.
Power plate: The company ' s electricity sales and prices increased significantly during the first quarter by 51.9 per cent, pulling power lines and generating 4,675 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated during the first quarter of China ' s God China, which increased by 73 yuan/megawatt-hours, an increase of 21.6 per cent in the group ' s total installed capacity during the reporting period by 37899 billion megawatt-hours.
Wears, no new or reduced installed capacity. The increase in the volume of electricity operations has led to an increase in revenue of $20,443 million a quarter, or 51.9 per cent a year; affected by an increase in the price of coal-fired purchases, the prices of electricity sold by companies are expected to rise and, to a certain extent, the costs of high coal prices will be reduced.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.) Transport and Coalization Industry: The shipping branch was affected by the rise in sea freight prices by 50.6 per cent more than year-on-year profits were reported.
During the reporting period, company railways, ports and shipping generated $10,342 million in operating income and 1,636 million in operating income.
RMB, $794 million, a 0.5 per cent decline, 3.8 per cent decline in the same year, while shipping plates benefited from an increase in shipping prices, 26.5 per cent, an increase of 4.5 per cent in the same year. Coal industry increased its operating costs by the same amount due to an increase in coal purchases, achieving M$ 315 million in the first quarter, a 21.8 per cent decrease in the same year, and the Māori rate.
A reduction in the epidemic is expected to bring back the coal consumption, close to the coal season, and firm profits are expected to increase steadily. The current epidemic is limiting power consumption in coastal provinces, and electricity and coal stocks are running out of effort.
Coal consumption is expected to pick up in tandem with the gradual easing of the epidemic. With a limited increase in coal, a low supply elasticity, a shrinking import of powered coal, and limited rail capacity, coal markets are expected to maintain a tight supply and demand situation that will support high coal prices throughout the year.
As a power-driven coal dragonhead, it is hoped that the integration advantages of coal-fired dry ports will continue. \triangleright's performance statement and a quarterly report will disclose the data, and we will raise the company's profit forecast.
In the context of inflation, the coal price hub is expected to continue to rise in the coming years, and prices are expected to rise year by year. China’s Historic franchise attributes give high certainty to business performance, and physicalization allows the plates to work together to release sufficient upward elasticity and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation affected by the epidemic; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal- and electricity-related industries; safety of production in coal mines
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy, and enterprise-related consultations.
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the price of crude oil, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, etc., and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.