Coal and electricity operations together increased significantly in one quarter, and coal and electricity operations in China increased significantly in one quarter. The “buy-in” rating was maintained.
The company published its first quarterly report, in 2022, q1 achieved business income of 83.9 billion yuan, or +24.1 per cent of the year; the net profit of the mother was 18,957 million yuan, or +63.3 per cent of the year; and the net profit of the non-repatriated mother was $18,617 million, or +60.7 per cent of the year.
Under this scenario, the annual COCS benchmark price rises, the company ' s coal price hub may or will move upwards, and it is expected that it will continue to be profitable, with a significant increase in the cost of coal, a high increase in profits from coal operations compared to +10.8 per cent and a 51.5 per cent annual share of total sales compared to +9 pct. The reduction in the amount of coal purchased out of the country will be guided by a reduction in the volume of coal.
The main reason for the slight decline in total sales is that the severe supply situation has led to a reduction in the availability of coal in the market, while the price of coal has risen and trade has become unprofitable, so companies have optimized the marketing structure to prevent profit erosion. In terms of prices: q1 the annual ACIG average price (excluding taxes) of $516/t, which is +28.4%; and the monthly ACMM average price of $787/t, which is the same.
Compared to +36.9%; combined average price of $624/t, equal to +31%. Ton coal is more profitable. Ton coal cost is $414 ring comparison + 2 pct. As a result of the company’s active participation in the supply guarantee, the increase in coal production is mainly due to labour costs and the cost of severance payments, but the price of coal sales is much higher than the cost increase and self-producing coal is more profitable.
The cost of coal combustion increased by a Māori rate of $390/MWh for q1 degrees and a Māori rate of 16 per cent for power generation, compared with 1.7 pct.
Overall, the profitability of the electricity business is affected by the increase in the cost of coal combustion, but the price and volume of electricity sold has risen, the electricity business has increased by 37.3 per cent over the same period.
Coal: According to the company announcement, the company's subordinates, the open-air mine, the gold mine, the coal mine of the Qinglong Temple, are rated by the company's performance forecast -q4 or at cost.
Additional approvals were issued, with an increase of 60, 30, and 1 million tonnes per year respectively. Electricity operations: According to a company announcement, the Fujuro Bay project unit 2 was successfully piloted and will be officially handed over to commercial operations. To this end, two 1,000 megawatt supercritical coal-fired generators will be delivered in their entirety and are expected to generate up to 8 billion kilowatt-hours per year.
The company's tri-quarterly report - q3 performance is stable, release and coal taps are in urgent need of value re-evaluation.