In the evening of 29 October 2024, a third quarter report was issued in China and China. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company earned $33,662 million, or +14.1 per cent, in return for the net return to the mother.
In addition to the impact of the decline in China's marine oil uniforms (601808.sh), \triangleright is also affected by the increase in financial costs.
Ring ratio + 177 million yuan, + 115 million yuan, mainly due to the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar
-307. Of these, a small decrease in the workload of the self-enhancement platform may still be affected by the suspension of four industrial vessels in the Middle East and the remaining two unlocked contracts, and a significant decrease in the workload of the semi-submarine platform, mainly due to the weather of the South China Sea typhoon and the adaptation of the South China Sea 8 which is not operational.
And the impact of the start of the 4th quarter of the Norwegian boom is just operational. With the introduction of semi-submarine platforms, both inside and outside the country, and the possibility of contracts for the overseas suspension of self-enhancement platforms, we believe that the public sector is expected to become fully operational.
Field technical services: The volume of major lines of operations for field technical services increased on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2024, and the overall income level increased on a sustained basis; the remaining, cumulative 53,162 days, representing an increase of 12,070 days, or 29.4 per cent, in comparison with the previous quarter of 2024.
There has been a significant increase in the volume of work on the platform ' s supply vessels and on the three-ships.
The volume was 15.306 kilometres, representing an increase of 17.8 per cent in the same year; the three-dimensional collection workload was 21.426 square kilometres, representing a decrease of 43.6 per cent in the same year.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast the company ' s net return profits for 2024-2026, cindasecuritiesco.ltd Goldline No. 127, Beijing West Side.
(b) The company's performance may continue to grow over the year, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company; risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; and demand recovery less than expected;
Upstream capital expenditure falls short of expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the carbon-neutral and professional committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the major energy domain and research in the petrochemical industry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.