In the evening of 28 August, the New Leaps published the mid-2024 report. h1, the company achieved operating income a total equity (millions of shares):
At the end of the income, the demand for arithmetic hardware continues to raise the industry's profile, and the relative share of high-speed products inai contributes to the growth of corporate income in the first half of 2024. At the end of the profit, the Māori ratio remains high in the industry.
Levels, cost interest rates are more efficient and the cost rate is stable at a lower level during the period. 1) With respect to the Māori rate, the public administration controls are long, adding up the volume of new technologies, new products, high-speed products, and the company ' s Māori rate grew by 13.6 pcts in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, reaching a higher level of 43.04 per cent; 2) the cost ratio ratio is higher.
The company ' s 800g and 400g light module product combinations already cover 800g based on silicon light solutions, the National Dollar Securities Corporation Study - New Leapstone (300502): high-speed products account for 400g light module products and 400gzr/zr+ match light module products, and the lpo-based option
Capital spending on overseas plants will supplement capacity in phase II. Capital spending on overseas plants will go up: Google Mothers Alphabet and Microsoft in the second quarter.
Capital expenditure rose by 91% and 55%, respectively. In addition, capital expenditure increased by 54% and 36%, respectively, for Amazonian and Meta.
Smart infrastructure, including not only servers, gpu, and cpu, but also light connections. In response to the high-speed downstream demand, the second phase of the Thai plant is now well under way and is expected to be built in 2024q4.
As a leading industry supplier of light modules, company technology is well-stocked, client resources are abundant, and costs are controlled.
We expect that in 2024-2026, the company's battalion's hardware requirements and deployment are not as fast as expected, and the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations is shown in figure 1:p/eband
Figure 2: p/bband index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets) and the North Handled benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts