Good growth in the quality of the harvest, high output of high-speed products — performance rating in the first half of 2024, high performance in the first half of 2024, a significant increase in the profit margin of the one-driven company relative to the ring: recent year
In 2024, the Department issued the mid-point report, which generated 2,728 million yuan, an increase of 109.07 per cent, for the company during the reporting period.
The ratio of light to module products has increased significantly, while the company ' s research and development capacity has increased, with significant breakthroughs and advances in high-speed light modules, silicon light blocks, associated light modules and 800 glpo modules, which are expected to continue to increase as the company ' s high-speed light module becomes more recognized in overseas markets, and the market is expected to increase continuously and the enabling company industry is expected to do so.
The growth of industrial intelligence-related capital spending by cloud merchants is positive, as the market for trans-light modules increases: the growth of capital spending by cloud producers is positive, driving up the growth of side-light modules. The rapid growth side of the British Weidelberg data centre industry confirms that overseas cloud producers ' capital spending is now in good shape.
The annual light module industry is expected to grow by 20 per cent + and will maintain double-digit growth in 2026-2027, with market space expected to reach $20 billion in 2027; one of them is expected to double in 2024 and the trend may continue in 2025-2026.
The core link, the main moat, is the productive and technological advantage of the new generation of products, the current high level of investment in research and development by our manufacturers and the global dominance of the city, the high level of market recognition of our light module and light engine-related manufacturers, and the expected constant investment of cloud computing firms in the end of the country.
Our producers are expected to grow on the basis of maintaining their current market share, with further improvements in the quality of the relevant plant receipts, sustained growth of the company’s overseas vendor customers, and expected marginal improvements in performance. Investment proposal: We believe that companies are leading the industry as a result of the demand-side boost of the development of the ai.
Not as much as expected risks, the risk of increased competition in the industry, etc.
2. [Galactic communication] Communications industry theme report: Technology + Cost Advantages Driven by a continuous rise in city share
3. [Galactic communication] Interim report on the communications industry: ai is the foundation of the calculus, and I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.