High performance and ring growth, ai high speed light module market position further strengthened 13 September 2024 Market data: 12 September 2024
The first half of the year saw a significant increase in profit from the capital spending of the North American Big Clientai Cluster. The four cloud giants, Amazon, Google, Meta, Microsoft, in the first half of the year combined $897.50 billion, with the highest/minimum annual income:
Compared to +44.1%, there has been a significant increase in investment in aai infrastructure. The light module serves as the inet scaleeout share/total equity (billion): core equipment of scale up benefits from the increase in the volume of gpu shipments and from the expansion of the cluster size.
Market value of the circulationa share (billions): higher. The study of July shows that in 2024, the global light for the ai cluster produced more than 3 million high-speed luminous modules, and 800gbe delivered almost as much as last year.
During the year, the market is expected to double in 2024. At the same time, with its good support for larger clusters, open operating systems and high programability, and higher prices than future exports, the proportion of goods will increase rapidly, especially on the exchange between North American cloud mill and white box. The company is North America.
The core suppliers of 400g and 800g light modules at the cloud plant are now benefiting from an increase in North American investment in the Ethernet module, and it is also possible to open up more suppliers of equipment in the future. Chengdu, Thailand’s capacity is expanding at the same time, actively preparing for more orders.
The book value of the fixed assets of Ko Wooyang is $1.51 billion, a significant increase of 139.3 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly in high-speed light module production lines and construction projects in Thailand.
More, production capacity continues to expand, and Thailand is building in phase II. It is expected that 2024q4 will be completed and production capacity will increase considerably. At the same time, we see companies reporting six months of inventory book value of $2.24 billion, of which the raw material is $520 million, an increase of 87.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and $50.0 billion in commodities, an increase of 208.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
This means that the company is now at a high level of production, that future orders will grow on a larger scale, and that revenue recognition is expected, that R & D efficiency, supply chain management levels are leading and profitable. In the first half of 2024, the company sold 3.2 million light modules, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the same period of the previous year, but collected $2.69 billion, which is higher.
Over the same period, the Māori rate grew by 113.0 per cent, with a Māori rate of 43.4 per cent, and 13.6 per cent. This reflects a clear increase in the high-end quality of the company ' s production during the first half of the year, as well as the emerging cost advantages of raw materials arising from the upgrading of the company ' s production processes and supply chain management.
The 400g, 800g, 1.6t high-speed product and the 400g, 800gzr-resistance module product of the vcsel/eml/silicon light/but 400g&800glpo product of the lithium membrane programme also had 100g/lane and 200g/lane. The company’s R & D cost was 130 million yuan, an increase of 113.1% over the previous half-year, but the rate was maintained at 4.8%.
On the other hand, the scale advantage of falling cost rates as a result of the increase in revenue is also showing a positive impact on net interest rates.
The upgrading of the block, the import of new customers from overseas cloud producers and the effect on scale from the continued expansion of capacity, such as gpu servers, have resulted in the expected downward adjustment of the light module market; the introduction of new suppliers from North American cloud producers has led to a decline in the share of the corporate market; and with the introduction of integrated photon technology,
The exhibition module runs the risk of being replaced by higher-integrated optical devices; the friction of economics and technology in China and the United States leads to a reasonable basis for customs duties. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use the trust I have in my identity, status or practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.