The high-speed light module continues to be released, and the company's performance continues to increase.
Rapid growth in demand for high-speed light modules has led to a significant increase in corporate performance. In the first half of 2024, the training and reasoning application of the big one models required a greater demand for the network bandwidth of the one data centre, leading to a rapid increase in demand for high-speed light modules, and corporate performance during the reporting period.
A significant increase in operating income of $2.728 billion, an increase of 109.07 per cent over the previous year, a steady increase in the sale of high-speed light module products and a sustained increase in the profitability of companies. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s high-speed light module, silicon light module, dry light module,
Several breakthroughs and advances have been made in the development of new technologies for related new products, such as the 800glpo light module, where the sale of high-speed light module products has continued to rise. The company has successfully launched 800g single-wave 200g light module products, while 800g and 400g light module products
The combination already covers 800g, 400g light module products based on silicon light solutions and 400gzr/zr+ trunk light module products, and 800g light module blocks based on the lpo programme; the company is a minority of countries with 100g, 400g and 800g light module bulk deliveries
Capable, high-speed luminous chip encapsulation and lightware encapsulation. The continued upscaling of high-speed luminous module product sales has led to a sustained increase in corporate profitability. The Māori ratio of company point-to-point luminous module products in the first half of 2024 was 43.36 per cent, compared to Bti.
Enterprises with mass delivery capacity for the light module, high-speed-radio chip encapsulation and lightware encapsulation. With the rapid increase in demand for high-speed-light modules, it is expected to drive corporate performance. High-speed light module release, q1 performance is bright.
Sustained growth. Let's assume that the company's operating income grew at a rate of 2024-2026 - New Leather (300502.sz) annual report 2023 and not to earn $6,644 million, $9,939 million, $13,102 million, net profit for the mother.
Increased competition in industry; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; adverse changes in the macro-environment; quoted \triangleright is part of this report. Without the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I do not rate myself as r4 for this report's risk rating, but only for customers (c4 and c4) who meet the appropriate management requirements of the investors (hereinafter referred to as “the company”)
At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obligated to do so.