The rise in coal electricity prices contributed to the performance, and the injection of assets opened up the growth of the external growth event: a quarterly report was released on April 28, 2023 by the Chinese dynasty. 2023q1 became the camp of the Chinese dynasty (601088).
Coal plate: The price of higher sales fell slightly, with Māori falling by 3.4 per cent a quarter over the same period \triangleright billion tons, up 1.8 per cent a year over the same period, mainly due to an increase of 9.7 per cent in the volume of coal purchased from abroad.
The average sale price of coal is $621 per ton, a 0.5 per cent decline in the same year, showing a slight decrease. At the cost end of the scale, the company’s cost per ton of coal produced per quarter was 169.4 yuan per ton, an increase of 12.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the cost of materials, etc. (+11.4 per cent) and an increase in the cost of safe production (+21.7 per cent).
The plate achieved an operating income of $68.925 billion, and the gross profit level fell by 3.4 per cent and the gross profit rate by 1.8 pct as a result of factors such as the increased cost of purchasing coal from abroad.
\triangleright 2023q1 achieved total electricity generation of 51,711 million kWh, an increase of 10.6 per cent over the same period, with domestic coal production increasing by 11 per cent over the same period by 50.3 billion kWh, with a lower average use of coal-fired power generation
The price of coal-fired electricity rose by 4.4% to $416/megawatt hours, a 2.5% increase in the same year. The average cost of electricity sold in the first quarter was $376.2/megawatt hours, an increase of 1.2% by the same year.
Transport and Coalification Blocks: The increase in costs resulted in a different decline in the business income of the 2023q1 railway branch, which increased by 7.4 per cent, but the increase in the cost of repairs, labour costs, etc., increased by 33.8 per cent, resulting in a 20.5 per cent decline in Māori year-on-year; the port branch
Business income fell by 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis as a result of the decline in ship loads, while the cost of raw materials, man-made costs, etc., increased, resulting in a 12.6 per cent decline in Māori levels on a year-on-year basis; and the shipping division, owing to average maritime transport
The price of cindasecuritiesco.ltd fell, operating income fell by 21.1 per cent and Māori by 72.9 per cent; the coal industry branch was located at House No. 1 of the 9th Streets of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
In a quarter, the average sales price for polyolefin products fell, operating revenue fell 7.8% over the same period, and the Mao company, as a coal leader, actively implemented the inter-state reform programme, and the Group’s quality assets were injected.
On April 28, the company announced that it would sign a supplementary agreement with the parent company on the avoidance of peer competition (ii), which would extend the period for resolving peer competition from 2023 to 2028, during which the company would take the lead in the exercise of business on an optional basis.
The acquisition of the assets of the parent company by municipal companies is driven by both external policies and internal commitments. At present, the Public Prosecutor’s Department has initiated the acquisition of assets with a target capacity of about 16 million tonnes/year, leaving more than 1.3 billion tonnes of coal mine equity available; the total amount of assets is lower than the total assets of the parent company.
1%, operating income in 2022 is less than 2.5% of the total income of the group. At present, we're counting the holdings of the National Energy Group, which has a coal production capacity of nearly 700 million tonnes/year, and more than 300 million tonnes/year of coal production in addition to the listed companies, close to the publicly announced production and storage conditions of the nation's sourced electricity, Grand South Lake.
Mine No. 1, mine No. 2, with capacity of 10 million tonnes/year and 13 million tonnes/year respectively; mine of 12 tonnes/year in the Xinxia coal industry; mine of 18.35 million tonnes/year in 12 mines of the Xinjiang energy division; open-air mineral of 26 million tonnes/year in the Xinjiang energy division; and Red Sand Spring I
Mine 20 million tonnes/year; Hang Jin Energy's Tower's Jin Golle 10 million tonnes/year; and the Western Bay Mine's Western Bay's 13 million tonnes/year, with the possibility of being injected into a listed company. We expect the company to be able to do so with the injection of the Group's high-quality coal assets.
In addition, group asset injections are a powerful initiative to address peer competition and to reform companies listed on the market, and we expect the first asset injections to be launched, followed by high-quality assets from the group or a gradual and orderly injection into the public company, which supports the company in the medium to long term.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that the increase in the supply of electricity and coal protection in the second quarter of the year, coupled with a recovery in demand downstream of coal, is expected to support coal prices, domestic power prices are expected to recover steadily, and corporate profitability is expected to increase.
Operations provide a high degree of certainty about business performance, adding high cash, high dividends, and the value of future investments. We expect companies to realize a net return profit by 2023-2025 as a risk factor: macroeconomic uncertainty; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
\triangleright Uncertainty in the policies of the coal- and electricity-related industries; safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc. Member of the Expert Committee on Operational Audit, Member of the China Society of Geological Minerals and Economics, and Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s Pool of Experts, formerly a Chinese coal worker
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and advice in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly researched on large energy panels such as Henging Certificate, Electricity and Gas.
Minister, who has worked in coal production for many years, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity market transformation
Ge, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Xinxuan, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.