Shin Yishan's evidence brings the sky to the sky, and China's power coals (601088.sh)
On May 16, 2023, the company released its first quarter report for 2023: 87,042 million yuan in operating revenue, a year-on-year increase.
3.7 per cent long; net return to the mother is 18.612 billion yuan, a 1.9 per cent decrease in the same year; net return to the mother is excluded from the coal business, where the overall Māori ratio has continued to rise and the overall Māori rate has decreased. q1 company points in 2023; and MFA and spot sales have decreased from 35.1 per cent to 35.1 per cent.
/tonne, down 34 to 739 ton in spot prices, down 3 yuan/ton in average coal sales, or 4.3 per cent of the same change in industry costs, mainly due to safe production costs, raw materials and outsourcing Power operations: volume increases, lower costs and higher Māori rates. 2023q1 achieved electricity generation.
For 5171 million kilowatt-hours, the same year-on-year change +10.6 per cent; for 4,875 billion kilowatt-hours, the same year-on-year variation was mainly due to the increase in the volume of electricity sold and the increase in labour costs, the average cost of electricity sold was $376.2/megawatt-hours. o1 percentage points of electricity. Total profit realized was 2,869 million yuan, the same year-on-year change + 12 per cent.
Liu Gui army megawatts (0.19%); 14 megawatts of light-voltage generators in Guangdong and Fujian provinces are added. Coal-fired machines remain the main force at a later stage, with a reasonable return to coal-fired prices and the continuation of the policy of electricity reform
The performance of the company’s power plates is expected to continue to improve. Maritime transport is low, outsourcing is reduced, and transport plates are less profitable.
This cost, the decline in port loads and the increase in costs such as raw materials and labour, has lowered the port's Māori water level, and the decline in the average shipping price has reduced the gross profits of the shipping division.
There is still room for growth in the company’s extra-coal extension, and the advantage of integration of the coal industry chain is flat. The company issued a bulletin on 29 April, “Averting the same as the entry into force of the terms of the agreement with the National Energy Group.”
(ii) the announcement that within five years of the completion of the group merger, the company will exercise its preferred trading and selection rights and give preference to the acquisition of the assets involved in the operation. Given the difficulty and high price of access to coal resources in the external market, the company has been using national energy resources.
Group-stock coal-related assets are injected as an important route to resource acquisition. The company will be able to take advantage of the 27th of August of the year.
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected: coal prices are more likely to drop down: production security risks: \triangleright production capacity increases less than expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.