Pre-repreparation profits have increased, asset quality has improved, profits have increased, and profitability has increased steadily. Profit growth has increased at a seasonal rate, and pre-repreparation profits (ppop) have increased significantly.
6.63 per cent; q2 Q2 saw a 7.9 per cent increase in the same quarter, 2.5pc higher than q1 and ppp higher than Q1 Qiangjiang Sungyeong, research assistant, 19.1 per cent higher than q1, with a significant increase of 5.34pc and a further increase in core profitability.
Non-interest income performance led to a sharp increase in revenue growth and a slowdown in net interest income of q2. Business income of $306.3 billion was realized in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 10.6 per cent over the previous quarter, with q2 growing by 17 per cent in the first quarter and rising by 12 pc more than q1. Specifically, net interest income of the first half of the year grew by 10.7 per cent over the same period and decreased by 3.2 pc less than q1.
The net income from the renewal and commissions grew by 2.8 per cent in the first half of the year, with a negative turnaround for the first time in 17 years, with a 19.2 per cent increase in the q2 quarter, mainly due to the fact that income performance from bank cards and e-banking is more subject to new regulations. In addition, the i9 switch resulted in some changes in returns from financial instruments being accounted for in other non-regimes.
The net net interest earned in the first half of the year has increased significantly. The net interest rate of the first half of the year has been higher.
The difference is 2.35%, an increase of 7bps over 17 years. This is mainly due to an overall increase in interest rates on loans at the end of the asset 13bps, with public and private interest rates rising by 4bps and 11bps, respectively, while instruments and offshore loans, which account for a smaller share (less than 5%), have increased interest rates by 140bps and 60bps, respectively, and have also increased interest rates on loans.
At the end of the debt, the cost of deposits increased by 1 bp to 1.35% from the end of 17 years, and remains low in the industry. The advantage of low-cost liabilities is clear, supporting the recovery of net interest differentials.
Individual loans, only 36% of public loans (not considering offshore loans). Credit resources continue to tilt in favour of individual loans, and remain dominated by mortgage loans, which account for nearly 80%.
Between $36 billion and $152.2 billion, however, the share of “co-operative statement plus corporate liability” in total liabilities remains low. Quality of assets: greater write-off contributed to sustained improvement in asset quality and increased provision of security mats. Bad balances dropped twice over five consecutive quarters, mainly as a result of write-offs.
1 Agricultural Bank (601288): a fixed increase of 100 million. As a result of increased write-offs, a total of 39.6 billion were written off in the first half of the year, up from $11.2 billion in the same period last year.
In the first half of the year, a further $14.6 billion was added.
Profit forecast and investment rating: Agricultural banks recover interest differentials, have significant advantage in liabilities, with higher profits and increased profitability before provisioning. Increased write-off disposal, net reduction of non-performing loan balances and poor performance rates for five consecutive seasons, and good asset quality indicators.
Effectively replenishing core-level capital, opening up space for future development. Their net return profits are expected in 18/19/20.
Figure 2: Share of interest income and non-interest income in agricultural banks, Figure 4: Structure of fees and commissions in agricultural banks, Figure 3: Structure of interest income in agricultural banks
Figure 5: Asset-end configuration of the Agricultural Bank, Figure 6: Debt-end profile of the Agricultural Bank
Figure 7: Agricultural bank lending structure Figure 8 Agricultural bank deposit structure East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory