In 23 years, the q3 Māori ratio improved, corporate performance increased steadily, net profit not attributable to the mother increased by 1,111 million yuan, or 37.31 per cent. On a quarterly basis, q3 achieved operating income of 3,278 million yuan, an increase of 23.38 per cent, and net return profit of 448 million, an increase of the same year.
Twenty-three years of performance are on track, with an increase in off-grid operations and robust in-line operations. Intra-network operations, \triangleright bidding, construction season, company recognition is expected to grow, and we value the company’s performance gradually.
Corporate profitability continues to improve, looking at q4 as it continues. The corporate q1-q3 overall Māori ratio \triangleright shows a 31.8% Māl3 for the company, an increase of 5.1 pct over the year.
We believe that the increase in the Māori rate is due mainly to a cyclical decline in the prices of external raw materials.
In-house fine management reduces efficiency gains, so we believe that the company’s high Māori rate is expected to continue. The risk factors are: less than expected investment in electricity grids, price volatility of raw materials, increased competition in the market, etc.
Cindasecuritiesco. Ltd. University Building No. 1, 9 Mt., Beijing, Beijing. Three years of experience in industrial research. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the photovolt industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for lithium.
Sun-Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry. Lee Woo-min, team member, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2023
Wang Jilin, Assistant for New Energy Research in Electrical Equipment, Master of Financial Studies, University of Gangan, 1 year of experience in industrial research, 2023 plus components that have not and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.