Ideas Electric (00228.sz) The domestic and foreign resonance of the power equipment business, the early emergence of the storage energy business matrix, has seen a significant increase in earnings and profitability in the first three quarters.
Eight hundred and eighty-eight million yuan (+22.55% of the same year), resulting in a net profit of one hundred and forty-eight million yuan (+46.14% of the same year), and a strong demand for domestic and foreign electricity equipment, with firm orders completed throughout the year. Since the beginning of the year, tenders for domestic main network equipment have remained high and, to date, in 2023, the national electricity grid was converted to the electrical equipment class.
Five times, the winning bid was published four times, with a combined winning value of $49.6 billion, an increase of 47 per cent over the same period. The market performance of the company’s combined electrical products was bright, with a winning target of 500 kvgis products and a further increase in market influence. The company’s overseas operations went well, with products such as transformers driven by the demand for new energy and grid upgrades.
This year, companies have acquired two shares in carbon alloys, up to 70.4% of which are currently held. The carbon alloys are capable of developing, producing and selling power storage devices, such as superconductor, which are now in the hands of a few companies.
One of the companies with the core technology and critical materials of the process electrodes. The company’s main target is now the head-to-head car manufacturer in the country and abroad, with the distribution of photovoltaics, storage access and new energy penetration rates.
In the future, there is wide scope for the use of super-clericals in the electricity-aided service market.
At the China International Reserve Energy Fair, the storage energy system (wind/liquid cooling), the super-electric energy system, the sgs_plus booster grid stabilizer and the full range of household storage energy products were displayed, providing storage product solutions for "millisecond", "second", "minute" and "hour" periods of time.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
85.81 billion yuan (year-on-year +22.55 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 1,148 million yuan (year-on-year +46.14 per cent), net non-net figure 6: company single-season Māori rates, changes in net interest rates (in %) slightly over-expected performance in the third quarter, with a continuous improvement in the profitability ring.
(+23.38% year-on-year, ring + 4.69% year-on-year) to achieve a net return to the mother of 448 million yuan (+43.20% year-on-year, ring comparison and companies’ continued contribution to efficiency gains and improved corporate profitability. There is a strong demand for domestic and foreign electricity equipment, with firm orders in place throughout the year.
The tender for equipment remained high, and so far, in 2023, the national tender for electrical grid transmission and transformation equipment had been launched five times, and the winning bid had been published four times, with a combined winning value of $49.6 billion, an increase of 47 per cent. The company ' s combined electrical product market showed a bright performance, with a winning bid of 500 kvgis products, and the market influence had increased further. The company ' s overseas operations had advanced.
Successfully, the overseas market for products such as transformers, driven by new energy demand, completed the carbon-crystalization acquisition, and the super-cancer business was steadily moving forward. Since 2023, companies have acquired shares in the carbon-crystals company twice in a row, with 70.4% of the carbon-crystal-crystal energy to date.
TAZL was established in 2010 to develop, produce and sell power storage devices, such as super-voltage, and is currently one of a few companies with core technology and critical materials for manufacturing dry process electrodes. The company’s main clients are head-to-head manufacturers in the country and abroad, while the company stores FM.
We believe that, as the distribution of photovoltaics, storage energy access and the penetration of new energy sources continue to increase, there is wide scope for the future use of super-power capacitors in the market for auxiliary services. The release of the storage energy series provides a multi-time-scale solution.
At the International Storage Energy Fair, the segrid site-level storage energy system (wind/liquid cooling), the super-power storage system, the sgs_plus booster grid stabilizer and the full range of household storage energy products were displayed, providing a range of storage product solutions for "ms", "sec", "minute" and "hour" periods covering the side of power generation,
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.