Gore's debt swaps (12,8009) dynamic reviews, foreclosures, timely transfer of shares or sale of debt swaps, 24 May 2017.
The price of the plate was no less than 130% of the current swap price, which triggered the terms and conditions agreed in the Motion Statement.
S034051208001 Registered “Gol's debt swap” after day-to-day collection is fully redeemed.
“Gol” Debt Transfer Stop and Transfer Day: 30 June 2017 The foreclosure model will be activated with attention to the timely transfer of shares (2017/5/11) view that “The current still untransferable Goel debt transfer will accelerate the implementation of the transfer in May, especially in the last two weeks”, and that “the recent stock transfer is in the process of being made”
The stock price has stabilized above the foreclosure trigger price, and the foreclosure clause has become very difficult to trigger in the recent year of Gore's debt swap market movement, which has been an approximate event.
As of the date of the report, Gore had received $17.62 in Gore acoustics. Recently, the share price of Gores was stabilized above the foreclosure trigger, triggering the foreclosure clause.
The announcement enforces the foreclosure clause, followed by the fact that the active Gorets will no longer have to stand up to the foreclosure trigger price, and above it, if the performance of the big deal is weak, it will have an even greater impact on the positive stock than before. After the foreclosure clause is implemented, the swap rate will fluctuate around 0, and the positive return will also result in a positive return.
The fall in the price of debt swaps reminds investors of the short-term follow-up assessment of Gore acoustic and Gore debt swaps (12,8009), following the enforcement of the foreclosure clause:  The timely sale of debt swaps or executing stock swaps and the processing of pledges or freezes.
The foreclosure model will be activated with attention to timely transfer of shares, and if the investor is forced to do so, the loss will be greater. Investors are reminded of the need to sell or execute a conversion before the foreclosure registration date (30 June 2017).
The “Gol turn-over” held by the “debt holder” is pledged or frozen, and it is recommended that the pledge be released or frozen before it is suspended in order to avoid a situation of forced foreclosure for failure to transfer shares.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth of 300 indexes. In risk preference ratings, products that do not refer to specific types of recommendation or rating are rated according to the market studied by the product. That is, studies on the credit and derivative markets, with a base risk rating of high, and studies on the market aspects of equities, equity-based funds, with a base risk rating of general risk; and studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, currency-based funds and macroeconomic policies,
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.