Gore shares (002241.sz)
The company’s performance, as a leading voicer, will benefit fully from the product upgrade of acoustic devices in smart hardware. Moreover, the company’s accumulated experience in optical design, sensor design, 3d containment makes it a flat place in the electronics industry, with a small number of insiders, to provide an overall solution for acoustic light.
The central position of the company in the vr industry chain is now best supported by the fact that 1017 companies have grown by nearly 70%, with net profits growing by more than 50%, reflecting the upgrading of acoustic devices and the rapid growth of demand in the vr industry. In the long run, we expect the electrophones and optical components to be the subsectors of high growth.
The long-term growth of corporate performance remains broad. Performance continued to grow rapidly in 2016: corporate revenue grew by 41 to 13.9 billion yuan in 2016, net profits by billions, 46 per cent for yoy, $620 million for yoy, and 55 per cent for yoy.
The electrical equipment business generated $10.9 billion, an increase of 14.6 per cent recorded throughout the year against a 16 per cent drop in 1h16, showing a strong dynamic of 2h16 starting to consume new electronics; the electronic parts business received $7.8 billion, with an increase of 104 per cent in yoy, driven by exports of related products such as vr.
Rapid product mix, with a Māori rate of 20.1 per cent, is more profitable than average ems, and the company ' s strong manufacturing capacity as a platform firm and its high value added can be seen.
Corporate investors as a share of circulation a. Soundware and optical components continue to grow rapidly: we judge that the new iphone product will continue to be innovatively upgraded in the areas of water, stereos, microphones, etc., and will drive other mobile phone manufacturers to follow.
The wind follows, and against the backdrop of a rapid increase in the unit price of electrical audio products, it is expected that the overall electronic sound market will remain at a rate of more than 20 per cent for the next two years, with the company as the main supplier of applespkbox (nearly 50 per cent) and headphones (40 per cent), with the related business output expected to grow at 25 per cent.
Up; at the same time, the optical component industry, driven by virtual reality and micro-projecting needs, is at a high rate of growth, with an expected output of over 100 per cent in 2016-2020cagr, and the company ' s performance as a core supplier in the vr industry chain (oculus exclusive, psvr surrogate, hololens surrogate)
The growth drive is strong, leading to a 70% increase in revenues associated with electronic parts in 2017. Profit predictions and investment proposals: innovation based on the upgrading of new apples and rapid growth of virtual reality industries.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: Chinaresearchdept. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.