The Ningpo Bank, which has built up capital and helped it develop rapidly, we believe that this $12 billion equity package of Ningpo Bank will help to consolidate the capital base, secure it.
The growing nature of the business, and the ability to better respond to future increases in bank capital requirements of domestic systemic importance, to build up capital, to support rapid business development, to increase capital consumption, and to raise capital requirements or raise capital requirements.
The capital adequacy rate at the core level at the end of the three seasons was 9.37 per cent, higher than the minimum requirements for regulation (7.5 per cent), but it can be seen that Ningpo Bank grew at a rate of 19.0 per cent, 23.2 per cent, 28.2 per cent and rapid, respectively, in 2018, 2019 and 3rd quarter 2020.
Annual profitability reduces the internal capital supplementation. In addition, in the near future, the domestic system’s importance, the bank’s comments, and the possibility of inclusion in the system’s importance banks, will raise the demand for capital adequacy at the core level.
The roll-out was based on a forward-looking judgement of Ningpo Bank based on its business development needs and future capital upgrades at the core of the Bank. Short-term spreads, but medium- and long-term investment values remain unchanged.
Based on our original projections of net profit growth for the company (net profit in 2020/2011, respectively), given the fact that the equity mix will increase equity, short-term stock prices may fluctuate, but the company ' s marketed genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and excellence are well recognized in the market.
However, there is no change in the value of investments in the medium and long term.
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of assets that was more than anticipated, and regulatory controls that were more than anticipated. Ningpo Bank issued a plan for the public release of the share, on 22 January, at a ratio of no more than one share per 10 shares, to all the shares.
(b) Rapid business development increases capital consumption, core-level capital requirements, or will increase, from 9.37 per cent of core-level capital at the end of the three seasons, although above the minimum regulatory requirement (7.5 per cent).
In the first half of 2020, however, regulation encouraged financial institutions to increase their financial support for the real economy, to some extent affecting the profitability of the industry in 2020 and to reduce the power of endogenous capital supplementation.
In the near future, where SSI bank comments have been put in place, Ningpo Bank’s possibility of being included in systemically important banks will require a higher rate of capital adequacy at its core level. We believe that Ningpo Bank’s decision to launch this equity package is based on a forward-looking judgement of its own business development and future capital claims at its core level.
Short-term spread, but medium- and long-term investment value unchanged (based on 2020q3), this unit will raise the Ningpo Bank core level, level I, capital adequacy rate of 1.12 percentage points. In terms of the impact of the portfolio, the unit will be able to directly replenish the capital, but in the short term it will be somewhat burdened with roe, eps, and due to the completion of the portfolio.
As a result of this increase in equity, short-term stock prices may fluctuate and have some impact on the mood of some investors. But for long-term investors, we believe that Ningpo Bank’s market-based genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, and its own growth and excellence are fundamental aspects that are well recognized in the market and do not change the value and logic of its investments in the medium and long term.
We believe that Ningpo Bank’s 12 billion dollar equity package will help to strengthen the capital base, guarantee its own growth, and the possibility of better responding to future bank capital requirements of national importance. While the increase in equity may have some pressure on short-term stock price performance, we believe that Ningpo Bank’s market genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and excellence.
The fundamentals of diversity are well recognized in the market, and the shareholdings do not change the value of the medium- and long-term investment. We maintain the company ' s net profits by 16.9% in 2021/2022 as compared to the previous year, and the downside of the economy leads to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Regulatory control is too predictable. In the event of an outbreak in 2020, regulation guided banks to give way to the real economy, which is expected to continue in 2021, but if interest-rate regulation were to allow the supermarket to expect, it would affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)