Ningpo Bank (002142): The 2020 performance report was evaluated.
Events: Ningpo Bank released its 2020 performance report, which generated operating income of $41,111 million for the year as a whole, a year-on-year increase in yuan/equity; end-of-year total assets of $1.63 trillion, an increase of 23.45 per cent compared to the beginning of the period, attributable to the net equity of the parent company's general shares
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Ningpo Bank is the fastest-growing, most reliable asset quality, the best-managed, high-growth bank with an excellent management mechanism, which achieved 9.73 per cent profit growth in the adverse environment in the year 2020 (high increase in the fourth quarter of the year) (the valuations have passed past record, but we believe that high growth is the best support for high valuations, with companies projected at 2021,
2.03x2021pb, as a core retail bank, continues to focus on maintaining the “buy-in” rating.  A 30% increase in lending year-round was nearly 10 years high, with credit impairments rebounding strongly from the four-quarter guarantee. 1 Ningpo Bank maintained a high-speed asset-size expansion drive throughout 2020, with a total asset growth rate of 23.5 per cent, including loans.
The high growth rate of loans, which is also the highest since 2010, is a clear indication of the high growth of the company. The fourth quarter of loans grew by 5.0%, and despite the limited disclosure of performance, we expect to be mainly the result of the continued upturn in retail personal loans in the second half of the year, especially in the case of the company, which is close to two.
The rapid expansion model of Ningpo Bank has driven high growth, but also rapid capital consumption, and the company has recently launched a new round of equity refinancing.2 This is reflected in the profitability dimension, with the company growing 17.2% of its business income throughout the year and experiencing a return on investment in the third quarter.
The short-term impact of the move has been a drop in revenue growth to 9.8% in the single quarter and a recovery in the fourth quarter. We expect that the net interest differential, which benefits from the recovery of retail loans, and non-interest income, which continues to be strong, will continue to benefit from the development of wealth management operations, such as sub-funds. With regard to profits, the three-quarters returns to 5.2%, followed by the fourth quarter.
The key to the profit growth rate is the impairment calculation. Based on the fast-stated performance calculation, 24,611 million dollars of operating expenses were spent throughout the year, but four quarters of single-season profits rebounded strongly because one or three quarters had already been spread out. We expect some impairments to target off-the-shelf operations and to proactively increase overall risk offset capacity.
▪ The quality of assets remains excellent, with ultra-low rates derived from the “credit aesthetic” and wind-control mechanisms of management excellence. Ningpo Bank remained low at 0.79% by the end of 2020, with a flat three-quarter round, year-end provision coverage, and loans may continue to decline, with real asset quality as ever.
Three-quarterly review: Retail is strong, and companies have long maintained the best asset quality performance in the industry in the context of high-speed asset growth, and we believe that the core lies in a sophisticated wind control system, a decentralized credit delivery strategy and an independent approval system that addresses its root causes.
It is a governance mechanism in which companies are significantly superior to their counterparts. Of course, companies also benefit fully from high-quality credit facilities in Jiang Zing: high-growth and high-quality sources and economic development.
The medium term 2020-08-30 continues to see the outcome of the Great Retail Strategy, with wealth management and personal credit as core growth points.
Revenue grew by 41.8% over the same period, largely thanks to sales funds and other activities, which were the highest growth point in 2020. We believe that Ningpo Bank’s most desirable growth line in the medium term remains retail wealth, wealth management, which will also benefit fully from the increase in wealth of the country’s residents and a regulatory environment that is more favourable to traditional banks.
In terms of development strategies, it is proposed to focus on the “public-private partnership” promotion model. The Ningpo Bank uses an appraisal mechanism to promote synergy between public business (public banking and retail company lines) and individual business, and to translate personal business (e.g. credit, wealth management, etc.) appraisal indicators and incentives into public-client managers, and vice versa.
In addition, it is recommended that attention be paid to the scope for the growth of mortgage loans with lower pre-stock levels. In late 2019, the company recommenced its high-speed mortgage lending operations, which coincided with the introduction of a new regulation on the centralization of real estate loans at the regulatory level in late 2020, and we measured that the housing loan rate of the company’s individual stock at the end of June 2020 was only 1.1%, well below the regulatory ceiling.
Market competition has benefited from a modest increase in mortgages in new loans, both in terms of access to high-quality credit assets and in terms of stimulating customer demand for retail consolidated business and increasing individual customer stickyness. The 12 billion shares that have recently been launched to support the rapid scale expansion while meeting the system-critical banks’ requirement for additional capital adequacy.
Ningpo Bank recently launched a new round of refinancing, which is intended to be distributed to all shareholders at a ratio of no more than one share for every 10 shares, with a substantial discount of 50.2 per cent in total, in order to support the rapid expansion of asset size, taking into account the possibility of entering into domestic system-intensive banks, which would require an increase in capital adequacy and therefore require a new round of capital replenishment.
At the end of the third quarter of the company’s core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.37%, assuming that the risk asset rwa will increase by 28.5% by the same year by 2020 to 10.17%. Considering the company’s high-growth attributes and the efficiency of its capital operations, we believe that market figure 2: 2016q1 to 2020q4 Ningbo Bank’s single-quarter profit growth rate
Figure 4: Increase in interest income for the single quarter of Bank Ningbo 2016q1-2020q3