Ningpo Bank q4 has increased its performance rapidly and its growth is continuing. Ningpo Bank has increased its net profits by nearly 26 per cent in the first quarter of the year.
A sound and excellent basis for performance. We believe that the fundamentals of corporate market genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and excellence are recognized by the market as the fast-growing and high-growth performance of Ningpo Bank 4
Ningpo Bank achieved almost 26% of the same-year increase in profits in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, driving the annual net profit to the same-year increase, by 4.5 percentage points to 9.73% compared to the previous three quarters, and expected to maintain the industry at the highest rate of growth.
Business income performance shows a year-on-year growth rate of 17.19%, and we believe that the high rate of growth in the company’s size, the steady spread of interest rates and the excellent non-interest income performance. The company performed excellently in wealth management, bank cards, and contributed to higher fees (first three).
Quarterly net revenue from fees is the same as +41.8 per cent, and the performance of non-interest income is expected to remain sharp in the four quarters.The scale increases and the sustainability of supplementary capital cash support operations. Ningpo Bank maintained a high expansion in asset size in 2020 and an increase of 23.45 per cent in asset size at the end of the four seasons compared to the beginning of the year.
Loans grew at a new rate of 30 per cent year-on-year, well above industry average. From a single-season credit demand, firms are still growing at a fast pace, requiring capital replenishment to support scale expansion, sound asset quality and excellence, and provision coverage levels are maintained at a high level.
At the end of 2020, Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.79%, which was flat from the third quarter, maintaining a low level of publicly listed banks. The company’s end-of-season provision coverage (505%) remained at the top of the list, with a loan allocation of 4.01%.
Source, a better credit environment, on the one hand, and market-based corporate governance and strict wind control mechanisms, on the other, are important factors in Ningpo’s valuation ahead of listed banks. As the company’s “big retail strategy” continues, basic retail and wealth management operations are expected to grow further.
Bank Ningbo: Building capital, fast-tracking operations. Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Ltd. The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls that are better than expected.
The Bank of Ningpo published its 2020 performance report, with a parent net profit of +9.73 per cent in 2020 (+5.22 per cent in the first three quarters of vs). The business income of +17.19 per cent (+18.42 per cent in the first three quarters of vs) and the company of roe 14.90 per cent in 2020 (-2.20 pct, yoy).
Net profits are rising fast, and the harvest is increasing fast. Ningpo Bank is increasing its profits by nearly 26% in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, driving the annual net profit up by 4.5 percent points to 9.73% in the first three quarters, and the performance is expected to remain at the forefront of the industry.
We believe that the fast increase in revenue continues to benefit from the rapid expansion of the company’s size, strong interest margins, and excellent non-interest income performance. The company’s excellent performance in wealth management and bank cards in the first three quarters of 2020 contributed to higher revenue from fees (the same net revenue from fees in the first three quarters as in +41.8%), and is expected to remain visible in the fourth quarter.
The Ningpo Bank maintained a rapid expansion in asset size in 2020, with a 23.45 per cent increase in asset size at the end of the four seasons compared to the beginning of the year, with loans rising at a much higher rate of 30 per cent year-on-year, well above the industry average. In terms of the single-quarter credit release pace, the four-quarter credit rings grew by 4.95 per cent over the three-quarter period.
Keeping up fast, we expect to benefit from good credit demand in the second half of the year, and the company’s own access to high-quality credit resources and project reserves. Assets are of sound quality and excellent quality, and the level of provision coverage remains high.
The rate (505%) is about 11 percentage points lower than in the third quarter, but it is still the leading position of listed companies, with a loan allocation ratio of 4.01%. The specific reasons for the decline in the provision coverage still need to be broken down in the light of data from the official annual report on the ratio of interest-based loans, deviations in non-performing loans, etc. We believe that a firm’s robust asset quality performance benefits, on the one hand, from regional economic advantages and high-quality resources, a better credit environment, etc.
On the other hand, the company’s market-based approach to governance and strict wind control mechanisms are essential, as is the fact that Ningpo Bank’s valuations are ahead of the market, Ningpo Bank’s annual reports show growth in business development, with net profits increasing by nearly 26% in the fourth quarter on a single-quarter basis, and the company’s provision for the leading industry provides a sound and excellent basis for performance. We believe that corporate market genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, self-government, etc.
As the company’s “big retail strategy” continues, basic retail and wealth management operations are expected to become more robust, and the downwards of the company’s ps economy in 2021/202 have led to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality. Banks are highly relevant as pro-cyclical industries, corporate business development, and economic development.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.