Ningpo Bank (002142): All year round net profit increases, asset quality continues to be excellent
Incident: On 26 February, Ningpo Bank published its 2020 performance report; Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and recorded a 9.7 per cent increase in net profits throughout 2007, the highest number of banks that have disclosed performance reports.
The profits were 41.11 billion and 15.5 billion, representing an increase of 17.2 per cent and 9.7 per cent, respectively, of the same year, and the fourth quarter of single-season revenues and net profits became the country's first urban commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 19 July.
Models, net differentials are all making a positive contribution. In the context of better physical financing needs and tighter credit margins, four fields, familiar customers” are access principles, insisting on the “seasonal quarterly net differentials” or have been continuously improving access routes. At the same time, we judge that the quality of the assets is robust, with four seasons.
The business-to-business strategy is to reduce the amount of money available to companies that provide diversification money to their clients. Of the 22 listed companies that now disclose performance reports, Ningpo Bank aims to integrate services by creating “companies banks, retail companies, etc.”
Individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper operations, loan sizes have continued to grow at a high rate, and the credit ratio has increased. By the end of 2020, Ningpo Bank had total assets of 1.6 trillion, an increase of 23.5 per cent from the beginning of the year. The loan balance was $687.72 billion, an increase of 30 per cent from the beginning of the year; loans accounted for assets.
Investment banks, asset trustees, asset management, total profits of the nine majors, 42.3%, an increase of 2.13 pct from the beginning of the year. The higher expected increase in loans is due, on the one hand, to the rapid recovery of the regional economy after the epidemic, and, on the other hand, to the company's optimism about economic expectations and its willingness to tilt resources towards trust.
At the end of 2020, Ningpo Bank had a negative loan balance of $5.43 billion, an increase of 4.8% in the ring; the non-performing loan ratio was equal to 0.79%, and remained low at the same level as their counterparts. Rendering coverage, the risk offset capacity continued to be strong. We expect Ningpo Bank credit to maintain a high rate of growth, here.
There is a need for capital supplementation in the context of the 52-week equity range.
Based on the long triangle, where financial needs are strong, and fully benefiting from the rapid growth of the region’s economy. Ningbo Bank now has a stock/flowa unit (in thousands) in a “one-wing” pattern, dominated by the long triangle, with the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea as two wings, currently over 90% of the industry.
Focusing on the long triangle, where the region has a well-developed private economy and strong financial needs, companies will benefit fully from the advantages of corporate governance mechanisms. Ningpo Bank has diversified its equity structure, which has led to the early formation of State capital, foreign capital and people.
The company’s management is stable, ensuring consistency and continuity in the implementation of the strategy;
Ningpo Bank uses the strategy of “Big Banks can't do well, Small Banks can't do it” as a strategy for differential development. The company’s elite micro-businesses, the early establishment of a retail company profit centre, and the introduction of a micro-business specialization model.
Rich product systems, including gold ponds, fast-track loans, tax loans, etc. In addition, Ningpo Bank’s personal operations are fully structured to consume loans, mainly in the Ningpo region: regional credit and consumer markets are more developed and higher rates of return on retail loans are achieved.
Investment proposals: Ningpo Bank maintains strong growth in net profits in 2020, has expanded more rapidly, and has maintained excellent asset quality. We expect that net return profits for companies in 2020 and 2021 will increase by 9.7 per cent, 14.9 per cent, respectively, by the same year, and that the hosting of small and medium-sized enterprises, and the targeting of individuals at the upper end of the group, will provide broad revenue growth space for the company; and
The company’s wind-control capability continues to be prominent, the adverse rate remains low and the risk countervailing capacity is sufficient. The company is given 2.4 times the 2021 pb target valuation, which corresponds to a stock price of $47.2 and maintains a “very recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Ningpo Bank ' s net return profit increased by 9.7 per cent per year in 2020, and Figure 2: Ningpo Bank ' s net profit by 25.9 per cent per year
Figure 3: The loan balance of Bank Ningbo by the end of 2020 increased by 30 per cent over the same period. Figure 4: The negative loan rate of Bank Ningpo by the end of 2020 remained equal to 0.79 per cent.
Ningbo Bank (002142): The year-round net profit increases, assets continue to be of excellent quality.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities reported that Ningpo Bank (002142): Net profits increased year-round, and the quality of assets continued to improve.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.