The Center for Medical Health Studies has performed well as expected, with a steady and rapid increase in solar growth, a profit of 1.374 billion yuan to the mother, and a gain of 1.355 billion yuan to the mother, with an increase of 20.06 per cent and an increase of 20.06 per cent, respectively.
In 2019, the company’s core product series generated approximately $2.18 billion, or 21.37%, in a steady growth rate.
The price increases are carried out by herds, and the retail price on the domestic market will be raised from $530/particle to $590/particle/pumps/pumps.
2. " Performance meets expectations, core products are achieved in a single quarter. Companies increase their scientific input for secondary development of the main product, with R & D costs of about 120 million yuan. " In September 2019, the results of a clinical study on the treatment of liver cancer were published, and clinical research revealed that:
In the end of 2019, the company experienced more than 200 places (including two museums) to enhance end-of-life activities.
4. A smooth growth of the master product base and a pre-eminence for cosmetics. There is still room for improvement in the penetration rate of the experience hall at high-speed stations, airports, etc., which will help to enhance the accessibility and brand visibility of the company ' s products as the future institute is opened both inside and outside the country.
Flows kept growing robustly and solar panels fast: Flowboards grew robustly: circulation plates earned 2,788 million yuan in 2019, and the same rate of increase.
The increase of 27.7% is mainly due to the increase in sales of the subsidiary Fujian Chai Chai Cosmetics Ltd., and Tianzhou Chai Chai Chai Chai Chai Chai, China Family Oral Care Ltd. Of this amount, cosmetics account for about $430 million, or 57.1%, and daily goods revenue is about $205 million, of which the toothpaste business earns $179 million, the same amount.
The rapid increase in sales has resulted in insufficient supply of musk raw materials: artificial musk breeding is lower than expected: experience hall access is less than expected; branding is less effective than expected; high valuation risk is high.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment