The performance of the upper-mortality group (600104.sh) is evaluated in three quarters. Cao Xute q3 saw a narrow fall in performance and increased the average car price.
The rate was 13.25%, 24.9%, q3 single-quarter revenue fell by only 0.4%, the same net profit for mothers fell by 19.1%, earnings were better than market expectations, and profits were more than market expectations. Assuming that the company's entire vehicle income was 10,000 yuan, it was almost equal; the average car cost was 98.4 million yuan for 18q2 and the average cost for 19q2 was 928,000 yuan.
The single-quarter average/ring ratio fell by 5.66 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively, mainly because of the larger impact of national promotions on the average price of company bicycles: 18 q3 vehicles at an average cost of 96,000 yuan, 19 q3 vehicles at an average cost of 105,000 yuan, 9.5 per cent higher than Piti and 12.6 per cent higher than q2 per cent.
Since the company’s product end price has shrunk to normal levels since the upgrade, the impact of the country’s fifth promotion has been reduced by 1.6 pct for the same year as the Port of Shin securities q3. The company’s overall Māori rate for the first three quarters has been effective over the period.
The company’s lower sales are expected to lead the way. The company’s first three-quarters - 9.1%, the drop has gradually narrowed, with a 9.7% increase in the volume of bulk sales in September.
On the other hand, the upper gas public, the upper gas general, the upper Mitsubishi, the upper car four companies q3 q3 q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q q
We expect q4 sales to take the lead, stimulated by new cars, to boost the general volume of gas sales after new cars like Cadillac 5; to remain under pressure for the short term, but the drop will gradually decrease. The company’s q4 performance is expected to continue the trend of Ring improvement.
Investment proposals: The company is a leading domestic company, with a complete portfolio of autonomous brands, joint ventures and luxury brands, which will increase the company’s luxury car style when it is marketed in 2021. The automobile industry is expected to recover at q4, and corporate performance and productivity will improve as the sales of the subsidiaries continue to improve every month.
The valuation will be repaired. The company’s business income is expected to be $82.2 billion in 2019-2021, while the research assistant’s profile is expected to cover Wang Ying, a Master’s degree from Northwestern Industrial University, who was employed in Volkswagen, East Hing Securities.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.