Up-bond group (600104): Mass electric vehicles are going well, multi-brands are entering a strong cycle, up-bond group.
Major operations include research on whole vehicles (including passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles) and tri-quarterly summaries: tri-quarter summaries: $585.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2019 for upper-car groups, distribution, production and sales, and companies under the flag include the upper-air public,
The company is actively promoting the commercialization of new energy cars, Internet cars, and the introduction of a net return profit of $20.8 billion, a 25 per cent drop in the same year, of which $7 billion in the third quarter.
Research and industrialization of technology such as smart driving: R & D, production, marketing of spare parts: logistics, motor power suppliers, travel services, energy efficiency and charging services, etc.
The net interest rate for the third quarter was 4.7 per cent, down 0.9 per cent from the same period, and the company ' s performance was consistent with our previous expectations, namely, automobile-related finance, insurance and investment operations: overseas operations and international commerce; and large-scale industrial data and people.
As the market stabilizes, the company’s performance shrinks. The industrial intelligence sector is well-placed.
In the next three to six months, the public meb platform covers a variety of pure electric vehicle models from ao to b, and can be shared with the source line.
Sub-processes, the scale effect will be more pronounced. The joint venture branded electric car market is currently almost empty. Tess late 2019 - early 2020: A car is used exclusively for the use of motors, and the product is better positioned, and most foreign firms are less advanced than the public.
Cadillac goes into a strong cycle. As cars (ct5/ct4) and suv (xt4/xt6) become full-scale, the upper-air Cadillac branding cycle will, in our view, be in the front line of the limo.
The growth of domestic luxury cars will continue, with Cadillac’s position as a leader in the second-line limo stronger. Upward autonomy, Mitsubishi’s overseas operations are making rapid progress, and overseas operations are expected to develop in a tangled domestic cycle.
In recent years, the Steam Group has been developing markets in Thailand, Indonesia and India, and, as a result of national policy initiatives, the volume of foreign sales in the previous three quarters has increased by almost 40%.
The impact of the size of the future corporate role as a large group has been further demonstrated by the move to various countries. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is figure 2: net profits from the upper-mortality group and the same rate of increase.
Figure 1: Upwind group collection and same rate of increase, Figure 3: Upwind group sales and same rate of increase, Figure 4: Upwind mass sales and same rate of increase
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 5: Generalized sales of up-air and same-time increases
Figure 7: Upper-air general Mitsubishi sales and the same rate of increase, the source of financial prosperity in the east, the East Hing Securities Corporation.
The upper steam group (600104): Mass electric cars are going well, multi-brands are going into a strong cycle, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
Eung Heung Securities Company Report (600104): Mass electric vehicles are going well, multi-brands are entering a strong cycle.
Liu Xiaomeng, Bachelor of Arts, University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, cfa holder, Datormouth College, United States, seven years of research and development and management experience in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.