The reported performance has increased significantly, and the refining of integrated production is worth a few cents on the constant shares, the constant shares (600346).
Business income increased by 26.87 per cent after the adjustment during the same period; net return to the mother was $1,882 million, an increase of 132.61 per cent over the same period; revenue per basic share was 0.39, polyester and pta were driven by two wheels, and corporate performance increased significantly
Following the company’s completion in February of its portfolio of constant investment and constant refining, the company’s performance structure was shifted from an original polyester-driven to a polyester and pta-driven two-wheel drive model. Pta and polyester business income in the first half of the year amounted to 14.51 billion and 9.09 billion, respectively, or 54.9 and 34.4 per cent, while the polyester business continued to grow.
The growth in domestic demand has led to a recovery in the textile and clothing industry and a steady increase in domestic longline consumption; the ban on waste has led to an increase in primary polyester consumption as an alternative to regenerative imports. Industry consumption can remain stable and sustainable, underpinning the return to warmness and climate of the entire industrial chain. The company has 1.4 million tons of long wire production capacity, of which 1.1 million tons is higher value added.
The pta industry is in a period of adjustment after rapid growth, with a significant slowdown in new production and a high growth in downstream polyester demand. At a time when pta production growth is slower than demand growth, pta supply and demand balance will remain tight and pta installation loads will be maintained.
The company now has 6.6 million tons of pta capacity, representing 14.4 per cent of the industry as a whole, to fully enjoy the benefits of the industry. 2. The company’s performance is expected to continue to increase as soon as the refining project is ready.
The company will also be the first to enjoy the cost advantage of the whole chain, benefiting fully from the polyester industry landscape, and its performance will continue to grow. An additional 1.5 million tonnes of ethylene per annum and 2.5 million tonnes per year of the fourth pta production line will be the last two pieces of the company to complete the whole industry chain layout, and the level of industrial synergy and business resilience will be further enhanced.
According to the announcement, the total amount of funds in this employee holding plan does not exceed $5 million, and the total stock held in the company's full and effective employee holding scheme does not cumulatively exceed 10% of the company's total equity (5,053 million shares in the company's current equity stock).
This underscores the confidence of the company’s employees in future performance growth and helps to maintain the stability of the company’s core team. With highly tied interests, business efficiency is expected to improve, with steady growth in future performance worth 20 times, 8 times, and 7 times. We look forward to the company’s future development and recommend, for the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating.
New projects are not as productive as expected; polyester needs are not as high as expected.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Qinghua University, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, Ohio State University, USA, 3 years of chemical engineering experience, cfa holder, 2017, B.A., Beijing University of Technology, Beijing University of Chemical Engineering, 4 years of chemical engineering experience, May 2018, joined East Hing Securities Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.