Industrial wires, pta-5 landings, punching and consolidation, dominant position, constant shares.
Upstream production will be further consolidated when the project is completed.
In addition, the company plans to co-finance the creation of financial companies and improve the efficiency of the use of the funds.
1. The postnatal company pta ' s total capacity will reach 11.6 million tons. The company has three 2.2 million tonnes/year pta production lines, with 6.6 million tonnes of total capacity in the country.
In addition to the planned new 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-5 project, pta has a dominant position in the solid industry.2 The new pta project has a clear cost advantage.
The company built a new pta-5 project adjacent to the Helium petrochemical I, II, and III pta projects. Since the construction of the pre-project has been pre-arranged for late-generation capacity expansion in the engineering support package, the construction of this project will take full advantage of existing public engineering and support facilities and help reduce overall investment.
Cost. The cost of unit depreciation for domestic old devices is significantly better than for other companies in the same industry.
In addition, 30 kg of acetic acid consumption per ton is well below the industry average of 40 kg per ton.
1. "Standing shares (600,346) is reported to have been reported: the Chinese newspaper company pta-5 has only cost about $450 and is profitable within the industry. There has been a significant increase in performance, and it is worth looking forward to an integrated production process. "
The pta landscape will maximize its benefits and become more competitive in future developments.3 The pta industry is expected to maintain its profile2, pta reported in the Basic Chemical Polyester Industry Chain series:
"Integration Dragons" 2018-07-27. "Fortunes of Eastern Finance and Surgery. Helium shares. 600346. "Industry wires, pta-5 projects are on the ground to fight to strengthen the dominant position.
The main demand for pta downstream is polyester fibres (75%), botts (20%) and membrane (5%). As the standard of living improves, demand for platinum fibres, polyester plastic bottles and film increases steadily and at an average annual rate of 7.6% is expected for 2016-2020 and the supply side reforms are phased out, and market supply and demand in pta will improve continuously.
The company’s collection price in September has increased by more than 50%. In the future, with the gradual deployment of domestic upstream px capacity, industrial chains have doubled, industrial silk production has doubled and profitability has increased.
In the long run, with economic development and higher living standards, a steady increase in the number of cars will bring about demand for industrial silk. At the same time, with years of technological accumulation and value for money, it is expected to move gradually toward replacing Pa66 in the area of car silk.
The main products, including car safety belts, gas capsules, and rough high wires, will further boost corporate ownership in the industrial silk market. At the same time, the company’s industrial longline business has been contributing steadily to the company’s performance, accounting for 17.87% and 26.59%, respectively, in 17 and 17 years.
The Division’s 20 million-ton refining integration project is about to come into operation, and companies are now disclosing future expansion plans. The company pta-4 and 1.5 million tons of ethylene projects are about to come into operation in 2019, the 2020 pta-5 project, the 200,000-ton industrial silk modification project and the 1.35 million-ton civil detergent project for Hengko’s new materials are less advanced than expected, the downstream landscape is less favourable than expected, and the prices of raw materials and products are highly volatile.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and hesitancy shares (600,346): Industrial Fibre, pta-5 projects are on the ground to fight to strengthen the dominant position, Liu Woo-joo.
Master of Finance, University of Administration, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Double Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, New York State University, United States of America, cfa-witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Author of 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, with a cumulative number of references. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tarsa, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, joined Dong-hing Xu Kunlun in May 2018
Both undergraduate and M.A. are in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development, and analyze their own research views. Any part of their remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.