Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) Merchant Snakes (001979.sz) Buying (first rating) with high-quality earth storage in the Grand Bay region, with capacity to nurture core assets
The company's basics (RMK) are located in the heart of the Great Bay Area, where the Crown is located, and where the former sea snakes' pockets in Shenzhen are of great value: the company's large-scale earth reserves in the former sea, the snakes' mouths, and the Prince's Bay have a central and irreplaceable advantage.
Since then, it has been a major force in the construction of snake pockets, which now hold soil reserves of 5.83 million in the former sea snake pocket in Shenzhen, with an estimated increase of 60 billion dollars in nav. Early acquisition of land is low, land is revalued, and there is much room for appreciation. For the world-class bay, the former sea is a nuclear power engine in Shenzhen.
A zone of development, with an excellent economy, population and transportation conditions, a rich land reserve for companies in the area, with the capacity to nurture the core holdings and the value to be released, is resource-based, diversified and low-cost land, with the advantage of low-cost financing: a group of firms.
Companies have acquired multiple projects in partnership with political and business firms. The advantages are evident in the market context, where the market is more difficult to capture, with one- or two-line cities becoming more intensive.
The scale of sales has steadily increased, with the potential for future growth: the company has now entered more than 60 cities, concentrated in one- or two-tier cities.
In a broader context, companies can grow steadily at their own pace, and sales will continue to grow, with the expected contours of holding business at the core of the business, with significant asset appreciation; active release of property service value: company holdings are mostly located in the centre of the second-line city, with an average single area of 5.53 million squares and a high building.
The company’s property is of high quality, its rental income is significant, and it actively expresses its business value through capitalization, as in the case of the Hong Kong market reits.
The company has a unique core land resource in the Great Bay region and has great potential for future appreciation; as a resource-oriented company, it has the capacity and the capacity to do urban deep-farming operations t+3, t+10, t+30: in 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic on delivery and settlement, we expect a small negative increase in net equity profits in 2020, but
RMB, $19.7 billion. Given the indeterminability of its land resources and the fact that profits have not been realized, Zhao Xiaohang has made less progress than expected, the size of the company has expanded less than expected, and policy regulation has exceeded expectations.
40 years from now, the Founding Resource House Giant was founded in 1979 as the “Board of Commerce, Snakes Industrial Zone Holdings, Inc.”, a core business company operating under the umbrella of the Business Exchange Group, in the form of “China's leading city and park complex”
As of the end of June 2020, the total assets of the merchant snake portal were $667.9 billion, covering 110 cities and areas around the world, and over 500 projects to develop the best products, which were built as the starting point for the reform and development of the Shenzhen snake pocket area, after 41 years of continuous development.
Exhibitions and changes, commercial snakes have accumulated a wealth of experience in urban development and operations, and have become China's leading city and park integrated development service providers.
In 1978, with the pace of reform and opening up, the real estate market began to grow in the Shenzhen Sea.
In 1984, it registered the establishment of a real estate company in the Viper Zone, which was built under the auspices of the Commissary Group.
From 1999 to 2004, after a change of name and incorporation into the market and further consolidation of the business, the company began to expand out into the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, the Ring Sea and the All-country Real Estate Trader.
In 2015, in the context of the reform of state-owned enterprises, the establishment of the former sea trade zone, and all the way around, the Group of Chambers and Chambers began the process of integrating the real estate business.
Consorts Limited.” So, the commercial snakes have completed the main integration, clearly dividing the main business into the three main business blocks of community development and transport, park development and operation, and the cruise industry.
With this advantage, the business community develops t3 (real estate sales type) +t10 (business type) + t30 (high cargo value)
At the same time, the three business modules are driven by the convergence of cruise ships, port elements, and the development of the park’s industry, in collaboration with community development and the promotion of urban upgrading, leading to a “front port-central zone-back town” model.
The “former port-central zone-back town” integrated development model is based on ports or transport hubs, a hub for crowds of people, Newton as the entry point, an industrial park at the port of entry as the core and the main vehicle, and the development of new areas in an accompanying city, through organic integration in the port city, and the development of a co-development complex.
The cycle product system, which provides spatial empowerment and continuity, leads to urban upgrading, bringing up areas where land values, spatial values, operational values are constantly rising and values are maximized, and values are being nurtured into high values.
“t+3, t+10, t+30”: the company will develop a reasonable and comparable organic whole, taking into account the pace of short-, medium- and long-term business development, in line with the three types of development strategy product lines for real estate sales (t+3), phased holding operations (t+10) and sector-wide integrated operations (t+30), leading to long-term sustainability
In addition to fast-moving projects, commercial snakes work with governments and corporations to obtain large plots of land, with low financing costs, low financial recovery pressures, and fear of long-term nurturing holdings and large-scale plot development, and are therefore patient and capable of undertaking “t+10” and “t+30” types of operations.
In 1979, the company launched the first outward-looking economic development zone in the country, the Snakes Industrial Zone. In 41 years, it accumulated a picture of independent development, construction, operation and management.
A rich experience of independent urban areas has led to the development and operation of business-specific land development models. Based on the upgrading of snake-portal parks, companies have actively replicated the snake-gate model, creating new cities in many of the country’s cities with distinctive industries: participating actively in the construction of special parks in countries along the “one way” route.
The development and operation of parks has led to the creation of new industrial cities, special industrial parks, and industrial innovation incubators. The new industrial cities and parks have moved to the national level, focusing on the economic belts of the Pearl Triangle and the Yangtze River.
Specialized industrial estates: there are three main types, one based on a literaryly-initiated ISIS product, which is currently on a project of 880,000. Three are intellectually-manufactured municipal products, which are currently operating on six major projects, with an area of 2.45 million square metres.
The new city of the industrial sector is dominated by reserves of resources. Most of the new model of political cooperation is now used as an important link in the "Foreport-Central Zone-Behind" model.
Accumulation, conglomerate services, and conglomerate industrial innovation, also provide industrial packages and support for cruise ship lines. Companies promote new industrial cities through political and business cooperation and the integration of State-owned resources, and provide new ways for communities to diversify their operations.
Chart 5:1h20 Merchant Snake Park Project Special Campus Innovation Incubation Space
4 projects in 3rd City, Sbred Chart 6: Trader Snake Park Project
The former port was built, the imported resources were developed, the merchant snakes took the flag of the Shenzhen snake port of the mother-to-be of the Shenzhen characterist socialism initiative, and the four districts of the Van, Hokkaido Bay, the former Sea Snakes' Free Trade Zone, and the China Cruise Tourism Development Experiment Area were folded together.
Add advantages, through the unique model of “former ports-central zones-back cities”, philatelic ship tourism, ocean culture, high-end shipping, finance, commercial tax exemption, supply chain service as one international first-class green, intelligent, innovative cruise port.
▪ In 2011, the company launched the Snake Port Mother Port project, which is located in the heart of the three corners of the port of Hong Kong, in the Bay of Australasia and Pearl River, and the former Sea Snake Port, which is located at the southern end of the mouth of the border, and is geographically superior, the largest cruise mother port in the South China region. The project has a capacity of 700,000 cubic metres, and the main business is divided into traditional high-speed passengers.
Ship operations and the new and emerging cruise ship operation, the Central Construction of the Snake Port Centre at the Mother's Port are port traffic, and now the company of the Enterprise has completed the initial layout of the cruise mother port in the coastal cities of Shenzhen, Shanghai, Tianjin, Xiamen, Zhangjiang, Dalian and Nantung, in the form of full capital, shareholding, participation and joint development.
In 2019, some 3.41 million cruise ship passengers were received, representing 84 per cent of the country ' s annual cruise passengers.
At the end of the 1h20th reporting period, the company had a total of 83 million land reserves.
The area under construction is 30.8 million square miles and the area to be constructed is 52.5 million square miles. Including the former Shenzhen City Sea, the snake mouth, the Prince's Bay area and the earth reserve in the development area of Fujianzhou, the distribution of urban energy levels by the end of 1h2020, based on the measurements of the disclosed projects, is based on the construction of accommodations.
(a) Area size: 19.9 per cent, 55.4 per cent, and 24.8 per cent, respectively, of the land reserves of the first two or two third-line cities, with 29.5 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively, of the land reserves of the long triangle and the bead triangle;
In Shenzhen, 5.58 million land reserves, representing 58.2 per cent of the land reserves of the Great Bay area, were created by the Long Triangular Pearl Triangle, which is located in the central part of the country, and by the north and south of China, which are located abroad.
The former sea snake vents are a non-reproducible core area, and the Shenzhen snakes are the source of China's reform and opening up, and the commercial snakes have been building snakes since their inception.
According to the 2018 newspaper, the company has 2.918 million square metres of land, 5.33 million square metres of land and 2.37 million square metres of land, totalling 5.83 million square metres of land for its long-term development.
These include residential, commercial, industrial, and other types of land. In the scarcity of land resources, the land has grown to the level of Shenzhen, where commercial snake deposits in the former sea snake vents can guarantee their project needs for the next 30 years, based on a long-term front-line city.
In December 2018, the Shenzhen People ' s Government issued a comprehensive plan for the China (Cuangdong) free trade pilot zone, Shenzhen, the former sea snake pocket area and the surrounding area of Nanshan, the plan for the former sea snake mouth trade zone in Shenzhen is based on the following strategic points: Ito, the service point in the interior, and the world-oriented area of Hong Kong.
The area of land owned by the merchant snakes in the former sea snake port is higher than that of the entire area, reaching more than 15%. The area of the former sea snake port is 28.2 km2.
15 square kilometres, 13.2 square kilometres of the snake pocket. The company owns 2.38 million square kilometres of land in the former sea, accounting for 15.85% of the former sea pocket and 2.2 million at the snake border, accounting for 16.65%.
Figure 15: Planning of the former sea snake mouths from the trade zone Chart 16: Land use planning of the former sea snake ports from the trade zone
In February 2019, the Department of State issued the Development Plan for the Greater Australasia Bay Region, which has given the former Sea “New Centers for Internationalized Cities” its location and objectives. The future of Shenzhen is in the former Sea.
The three main Gulf regions of the world are the core industries around which the Gulf is laid. With the development of the Bay Area, it can be seen that the three world-class Gulf regions are economically well-developed close to the Gulf, with the former Golden Bay, New York Bay, Tokyo Bay central cities of New York, San Francisco, Tokyo.
Shenzhen, one of China’s four globalized cities, is one of the central players in the Bay of Australia region of Hong Kong, where the former Sea Snakes have served as a hub for the opening of the port of Hong Kong’s open-door port, from its geographical location, its transport trajectory, and its ability to provide a sound and sound environment.
Economic competitiveness is at the heart of Shenzhen’s role as a Bay Area. So, Shenzhen’s future is in the west, in the front sea.
At the crossroads of the main axis of the Cape Economic Development and the coastal functional extension belt, it is bordered by Shenzhen, which is adjacent to the Shenzhen, which is located close to the east and looks at the sea between Nakayama, Pearlhai and Nansha.
High-speed traffic arteries, including high-speed traffic arteries, which link the planned deep-deep tunnels directly to the front sea area, form the rings of a small-time traffic ring of the Pearl Triangle. Twelve orbital routes of approximately 53 km in length and 3.5 km/km in orbital network density are planned in the former Sea Snake Port from the trading zone, far above the Shenzhen average.
Figure 21: Planning of the Shenzhen orbital network (2016-2035)
At the end of the 18th year, the total economy of the port of Shenzhen in the Bay of Australasia exceeded that of New York and San Francisco. At the end of the 18th year, the total economy of the port of Australasia in the Bay of Australasia was 10 trillion yuan, equivalent to more than 1.64 billion dollars.
In August 2018, Shenzhen ' s average house price was the lowest in the four Gulf Area core cities, at $55117 per flat, and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
In September 2020, in the southern mountains, the average cost of houses was 112,000 yuan, ranking first in Shenzhen.
Former sea house prices rank 4th and 6th among the 12 business circles in the South Mountain region. Over the last 10 years, they have grown at an average rate of 18.2 per cent annually, ranking second in Shenzhen. In this case, the value potential of snakes and former sea complexes has become apparent at 18 per cent and 16 per cent, with higher rates of growth, closely following the level of mature business circles.
In the long term, hardware, such as location and renovation, is the more critical element than business capability, software configuration, business strategy for holding assets, and core locations represent high-quality resources such as more human flows, easier transportation, higher economic levels, and are almost the only important reason for holding assets.
In the future, a large amount of core earth storage values in the pre-seabed areas of the merchants can be used to mark a new foundation. In the early years, New Hung Ki began to transform to own land in many of Hong Kong’s core areas and to run property, such as in Central Bank International Finance.
In mid-2019, it was reported that Shin Hungji rented HK$ 19.668 billion in Hong Kong property, 54% of which came from shops, malls and 33% from writing buildings.
Much of the property is located in the core business. Compared with the growth rate of domestic malls, it can be found that core assets with a leading size at the core of the area are growing at a much higher rate of growth and higher operating income.
The confluence of population, industry, technology and technology brought about by the Gulf region’s economy has led to the development of real estate markets in the Gulf region, which, in the same market context, tend to be more dynamic and more dynamic.
The current share price of nav is 48% discounted, potentially of high value. The merchant snakes currently have a total of 5.83 million land reserves in the former sea, the snakes' mouths, the Prince's Bay area, and the value of the assets in the three areas is 60 billion yuan.
The value of the business is 13.9 billion yuan. The total value of the revaluation of net assets is 222.5 billion yuan, with a current discount of 48 per cent for nav. Since 2017, sales of merchandise houses have been on the decline since 2017, but sales of merchants and snakes have remained at a higher rate and consistently higher than sales of merchandise houses throughout the country.
The sales amounted to 11.7 billion yuan and the sales amounted to 5.05 million yuan, with an average sales price of 21.9 million yuan per flat.
By the end of 2019, the number of commercial snakes entering the city was 61, of which 4 were first-line cities, 25 were second-line cities and 30 were third-line cities.
Number of commercial snakes entering the city in 2019 and grade of urban ability Figure 35: Amount of full-calibre sales of commercial snakes in 2013-1h20 (billions) High profitability: benefits from low-cost land acquisition, financing advantages
The company, as a company, is more profitable, with both the Māori rate and the net interest rate in 2011 - 2011 being higher than the top average of 20.
Moreover, companies rely on the resources of the United States and have traditionally spent less on financing than their counterparts. 1h2020, the business income of the merchants is $24.32 billion, an increase of 45.7% compared to the net profit.
910 million yuan, a decline of 81.4 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 23.85 per cent. 1h20 Corporation Māori rate, net profit rate, net profit rate, net profit rate have declined, mainly as a result of a policy of regulation of the price limits of real estate projects.
At the same time, some of the real estate projects in the first half of the year were delayed by the impact of the epidemic and, to a certain extent, affected profits during the reporting period; as a result of the new crown epidemic, companies took measures such as rent reliefs for rental properties, which led to a significant decline in profits from the company’s park operations.
Park development and operation, cruise industry construction and operations, respectively, accounted for 70.33 per cent, 29.39 per cent, back-to-back groups, which have a significant advantage in low-cost diversification.
Founded in 1872, the Ship-to-ship Bureau has been operating since 1428 and has developed a number of excellent businesses, such as the Peace Bank, the Merchant Bank, etc.
In the former Shenzhen Sea Zone, the Prince's Bay Zone, for example, the company has 1.7 million plots of land in the Prince's Bay Zone, at a cost of only $6.5 billion.
The cost of land is only $3825 per square metre. The cost of land is only $1 billion per unit of land, which is measured at less than $840 per unit of land, and is higher than the average price of the sample house by 2017-1h2020.
In mid-2020, it was reported that the average selling price of the merchant snakes was $22263 per pyre, higher than the average value of the sample house, $149,993 per pyre, lower land cost and higher selling price, and above average premises.
The company's position has been relatively stable and accurate: in August 2018-2020, the company took a more intense position in the land, and the company developed a variety of methods of land acquisition based on the background advantages of the business in the business sector, and acquired a number of linkages and land resources of the state company. In 2017, the merchants landed in the ground steel, Tianjin Town, South.
In early 18, the acquisition of the East Wind, Zhejiang Yu and Real Estate projects was completed, and formed into a dedicated M & A group and an inter-state resource consolidation group.
Low-cost multi-channel financing has a clear advantage over the cost of financing.
The average cost of financing in 2017-1h2020 is only 4.21%. The average cost of financing in 1h20 is 4.78%, a decrease of 1.78 pcts compared to 2019.
The average financing costs of firms and top5 firms at 1h2020 arithmetic are 5.99% and 6.72%, respectively, which is a significant gap between firms. The financing environment is tight, and financing costs continue to be low-cost multi-channel financing under market conditions.
In the second half of 2019, the central bank, at its annual meeting, raised the need to maintain a “shelter-free” position and to continue to strengthen financial controls in the real estate market. As the main channel for real-estate financing, the central bank held a symposium in Beijing on 31 July this year.
It has been suggested that the financial policy for real estate should remain stable and strengthen the debt ratios that are highly leveraged. In the future, housing finance will be regulated from interest-bearing and asset-liability ratios of real estate enterprises, with higher levels of indebtedness facing greater difficulties.
The country's stronger regulation of the real estate sector is the trend, and the policy tightening is more favourable for national developers, who have been complying with the National Investment Commission and regulatory agencies for the indicators.
The regulatory red line is more robust in terms of debt indicators, land intensity, and so on, and some private-sector developers are more financing and radical in their pursuit of high scale and growth, and future policy tightening will have a greater impact on them.
The standard is the “triple red line” which has recently been introduced in the regulatory sector to control the growth of interest-bearing debt of real estate enterprises. Redline 1: asset liabilities are greater than 70% after pre-collecting has been removed; Red Line 2: net liabilities are greater than 100%: Red Line 3: short cash debt is less than one times lower.
The average net liability rate of the merchants and the ratio of the assets and liabilities of the average molecular denominators for the elimination of pre-receipts have been steadily operating, and corporate sales will continue to increase and are expected to go even further in the top 10 housing firms: the public administration has a higher value of land reserves in the pre-Henchen Sea Snake sector, sufficient soil storage resources, land access
Low costs, a positive willingness to release their own values, and future policy tightening will be beneficial to the development of the country, adding to the rising demand for improved housing, a slow rise in housing prices, and a possible cooling of the land market. With steady operations, we believe that future sales will continue to rise and rank in terms of sales.
It is expected to rise from 12th to 10th. The industry may have peaked in terms of real estate growth, but industry concentration will continue to converge towards the head against the backdrop of “household-free” regulation, progressive regulation of real estate financing, and return of profits in the industry.
There is still room for improvement, given the advantages and potentials described above.
In 2019, after a reorganization of the remaining significant assets, the merchants became shareholders in their holdings and now hold the holdings.
47.45% of the stockholdings, the grouping of comptoirs became their actual controllers. As a result of the reorganization, the merchants had two fully owned property management companies, namely, the shipping industry, the commercial industry, and the property management business, which became larger. The first step was to establish the company’s leading position in the property management industry. As of 16 November 2020, the public sector,
The Department ' s market value was $27.33 billion, the fourth of the listed companies.1h At the end of the 2020 reporting period, the excess management area of businesses was 172 million, an increase of 12.4 per cent compared with the end of 2019, with 1,315 property management projects and a diversified service sector.
There is a strong profit performance, and there is much room for growth in income from value-added services The remaining 1h 2020 business income of 3,868 million yuan, an increase of 50 per cent in the same year, and a net equity profit of $179 million, an increase of 111 per cent in the same year.
The Māori rate is lower among the sample companies, because the company’s traditional property management services account for a higher share of income.
The business has a low Māori rate of 76.02 per cent, and there is room for greater growth in the residual value-added service earnings of firms. The value-added service income ratio of 1h2020 will increase further as compared to the future.
The business management of the group business, the creation of a light asset platform, the business management of the merchant business is mainly in the asset management business of the firm, which we can actually position as a small asset platform of the business and property.
▪ Merchant asset management operations are mainly business operations, holding property rentals and operations. 1h2020, operating income from this business amounted to $1850.3 million, or 4.78 per cent of the company’s operating income. This represents a decrease of $131.57 million, or 41.56 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year.
Less revenue from rental and other holdings. Corporate management is concentrated mainly in the South China region, where 18 per cent of the Central Shenzhen area is located, and 73 per cent of the total Māori in 2019.
The commercial real estate project provides advisory services in the areas of land acquisition and development, business positioning, planning design, engineering and renovation: recruitment, planning, extension, operation management, etc. during the preparation and operation phase of commercial projects. As of June 2020, the company was in a shopping centre.
13 (including 2 preparatory projects) managed an area of approximately 1 million square metres, of which 4 were self-employed, 4 were entrusted with the management of the Merchant Snake Project and 5 were the light asset management export projects, while the property rental business consisted mainly of the rental and operation of the hotel, commercial, office and other holding properties.
The total rentable area of the rental property was 593,000 square metres and 1h 2020 was 561,000 square metres, with an overall average rental rate of 95 per cent, with a decrease in the average rental rate of shopping centres and businesses, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic.
• By the end of 1h 2020, commercial snakes owned 1.556 million square metres of leased land, with 99 per cent rental income of $4.2 billion during the reporting period;
During the reporting period, the company achieved a rental income of 1,371 million yuan, an increase of 1.23 per cent over the same period, and an overall rental rate of 79 per cent:1h20 in Shenzhen, Beijing, Chenzhou, etc.
2,344 sets with hotel revenues of $182 million.
Holding assets generate stable, sustainable income and profits for the enterprise. The value-added of holding assets can also increase the value of the company. 1h2020 Corporation rents 1,371 million yuan in real estate, of which the highest is rent for shops and business centres at $431 million, followed by 2.62 per cent for plant rentals.
Multi-channel assets, capital operations and asset values. From 2015 to the present, traders sell a portion of their assets as investment returns each year, and at the end of 2019, companies earned $102.31 billion in investment returns. In 2018-2019, traders sold four.
Reits financing: completion of China’s first-ever listing in Hong Kong’s capital market of industrial parks class reits. In September 2019, under the banner of a merchant snake, the comptoir took possession of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
— Rongten Enterprises Ltd., which submitted an application for accreditation to the Hong Kong Censorship of Hong Kong to the Hong Kong Securities Commission for the establishment of the Business Real Estate Investment Trust to be established in Hong Kong, was listed on 10 December of the same year.The bottom asset that was injected into reit is four commercial properties located in the south mountain snake zone of Shenzhen City.
New Times Square, Science Building, Technology Building II, and Digital Building, Serpent Garden City. The overall rental rate for New Times Plaza, Science Building, Technology Building II, and Digital Building property is about 96%, with an average daily rent between 2.7 and 6.4 yuan/m2.
The value of $36.7 billion, ranked third in the Asian market, is an important component of Asian markets. By issuing reits, in addition to low-cost financing, there are higher rates of return and asset value.
In addition to this, commercial smugglers have promoted the value of their assets by, among other things, acquiring good shipping practices and promoting the marketing of property services.
▪ We believe that companies have subjective and objective incentives and opportunities to accelerate the growth of sales, on the basis of which we predict an increase in contract sales for merchant snakes from 2020 to 2022 at $250 billion, $280 billion and $32 billion, respectively. Real estate sales are measured using a retroactive settlement period.
The majority of the company’s 1h2020 settlement is sales in 2018, and the current settlement project’s Māori rate is low. In the future, the company will continue to take over land, at a good pace, and at a manageable cost overall, adding up the price of future housing slowly, and the Māori rate of the future company’s settlement project will remain high and the company’s gross will remain high.
Interest rates will decline less than their counterparts, and business income growth will be more positive. According to our financial model, the business income of the merchants in 2020-2022 will be $114.9 billion, respectively.
Comparable companies, taking into account the underlying factors of lower profits, do not use consistent expected profit data. Net profits from business business business business business business gain in 2020-2022 were $15.1 billion, $17.9 billion, $19.7 billion, respectively.
The current share price of nav is 48% discounted, potentially valuable. The merchants have a total land reserve of 5.83 million areas in the former sea, snake ports, and the Crown Prince's Bay area, with a total asset value of $60 billion in three areas. The assets of the social development project are worth $62 billion, the value of the development area is $1.35 billion and the value of the self-owned property.
13.9 billion. Revalued net assets totalled $222.5 billion, with a current discount of 48 per cent. We have compiled a list of projects based on mid-2020 and previous annual reports and announcements, including basic data on land costs, land area, settled area, etc., based on the project's location in different cities, etc.
Assumptions of construction costs, the sales price is estimated on the basis of the sale price of the adjacent comparable building space.The base data collection and assumptions are completed, the unsettled area of the project can be deduced, the total cost obtained on the basis of the cost of land, the cost of construction, the total value of the goods sold on the basis of the sale price, the unsettled area, and the total value of the goods sold on the basis of the sale price.
In anticipation of future reductions in project interests and expansion of project size, we assume that the project is based on 60 per cent equity, based on general project development costs, assuming a combined 6 per cent sales cost, management cost, financial cost rate and an estimated current storage and inventory based on the company ' s annual sales space.
The unsold conversion is available for development for six years, with a discount rate of 6.5 per cent. Gross profits, after deducting fees and related taxes, yield a net profit of $90.5 billion, valued at $62 billion.
Industry only announces rentable area, not the corresponding land area, and we make volume rate assumptions depending on the type of property, assuming that the cost of these properties is $10,000/m2, counting the original amount of $32.5 billion. The value of investment real estate is $13.9 billion in profit after deducting the original cost.
Since the project is a first-level development project, we assume that it will be developed to obtain profits from the sale of land, estimate the price of the floor at market prices, and assume that the project is completed in 30 years, and that the project will be acquired by the merchant snakes.
This is based on the acquisition price plus the first-level development cost for the project, assuming a discount rate of 6 per cent, which, based on the equity ratio, would yield a profit of 1.35 billion yuan.
The company has a total of 2.04 million land rights in three areas, with early acquisition and low land costs. As part of the land is still advancing the process of land preparation and titling, and taking into account the core, it has long-term development value.
We assume a 15-year development cycle, with a discount rate of 10%, with sales prices based on the region’s current average concentration of core earth reserves in the Great Bay Area, which is owned by the King, the former sea snake section of Shenzhen. The company’s large-scale earth reserves in the former Sea, the Snakes, and the Bay of Princes have a central and irreplaceable advantage.
Since the opening of Ge, it has been the main force in building snake pockets, and now has soil reserves of 5.83 million sites in the former sea snake pockets in Shenzhen, with an increase of 60 billion dollars in nav. Early acquisition of land is low, land is revalued and space is appreciated. For the world-class Gulf, the former sea is the core of Shenzhen, the driving engine of the Great Sea Bay district in Shenzhen.
The development sector, with its economic, demographic and transportation advantages, is home to a large land reserve with the capacity to nurture the core holdings and the value of which is still to be released, and it has the capacity to nurture the core assets and to build cities over the long term.
Companies rely on a corporate group of firms, with a wealth of government resources. Companies have acquired a number of projects, such as martial arts and steel projects, in partnership with the government.
1h2020 is only 4.78% of the cost of financing.  +30, t+10, t+3 operations are synergized with the ability to produce core assets.
t+30 Area development: The company built on its own background, strong resource integration capacity, and increased its space value through decades of holistic area development and operation, and developed with the city. The company developed with it at the beginning of the reform and opening of Shenzhen, using its own good urban industries.
Operating capability, building a successful case of the former sea snake section in Shenzhen, which we believe will also be successfully developed in the future county development area. t+10 Holdings: Most of the company holding business is in the core and assets are of high value;
Companies have a strong operational capacity to generate stable income and profits through the continuous operation of holding assets, and to raise the value of assets through operating services that can be realized once or in a step-by-step manner after a decade.
Business, e.g. old transformations, land variability, etc. Resource support. t+3 real estate sales: companies have grown steadily in scale, with an average of only 88% of land, finance and debt indicators, and companies in the larger context of future more well-regulated developers of state enterprises.
The company has unique core land resources in the Great Bay region, and there is much room for future appreciation; as a resource-type year affected by the epidemic, we expect a small negative increase in net equity profits in 2020.
The growth in the size of the company was lower than expected, resulting in less than expected performance. The regulatory policy was higher than expected.
Financial growth is severely limited, the scale is not as high as expected, the profit margin falls, etc., which in turn affects the profit scale, and then the final rating is calculated on an average basis to serve as the market average investment