Top10's commercial snake portal shows that the industry's movement is the most visible feature of the "front port-central zone-back town" that combines the pace of residential development with a long-term approach, with industry operating ahead of schedule.
The profit support point for the period, which is the firm's expectation that it will have an advantage in size and survive in a long-term cycle, and that the business mix will be achieved by 2020, when it brings in the business to Top10, and sales will resume in an orderly manner.
What are the considerations behind the unsatisfactory profit performance, the termination of the South Oil Group equity acquisition and the multiple sales of the items (equity), and how does the industry evolve and move?
In the light of the rain, the company's ability to keep moving in the right direction comes from the firm's expectations of its own development and from the outside.
Business’s expectations, which guide business to do more, gradually turn this promise into an internal drive for enterprise development, a more proactive adjustment of development strategies and strategies, and a constant strategic shift on the growth path. The real estate sector is now in fact experiencing serious challenges, and the regulatory policy is reaching a critical point where it can no longer be achieved.
From a firm's point of view, although the situation is dire, the search for a new environment, new conditions, new challenges and a better understanding of where to look from the outside.
In terms of business expectations, it is hoped that the firm will find a new niche, a more robust size, a higher profit margin, a more valuable one, a more stable order in the industry, given the promise that it will be able to devote more effort to the changes in the industry.
First, in September 2020, Sun City introduced Tarkang's life and Taekang's old age as strategic investors, and made 10, and second, China has made a major move to give its shareholdings to the Guangxi Group, to end its restructuring plans with deep houses, and to turn its claims into equity.
On 1 November 2020, China’s wholly-owned subsidiary of the Heng Da group signed an agreement with Shin Seong, Guangqin, and Sun Guangshin to transfer 40,964% of their shareholdings in the vast business to Shin Seon, a limited public division, at a total cost of RMB 148.5 billion. On 8 November 2020, China’s Hengjiang resolution terminated the reorganization of the house and the deep house.
The plan. Of the 130 billion strategic investors, 86.3 billion had previously signed supplementary agreements not to require repurchases and continue to hold long-standing interests in the land; 35.7 billion strategic investors had also concluded negotiations, which were about to be concluded, and 5 billion strategic investors were negotiating the principals of the remaining 3 billion strategic investors, owing to the reorganization of assets involving their own major shareholders.
Third, China’s Heung Da, China’s Green Land Holdings, China’s Expatriate City, etc., sells (transfer) shares in projects. China’s Heung Ying sells more than 200 writing buildings, businesses, hotels, etc. throughout the country, and green land Holdings are about to sell their value on November 16th.
Twenty-three.1 billion dollars of paper buildings, hotels, etc. hold assets. The changes in business behavior are driven by the industry’s situation, and by the firm’s keen expectations, which have prompted it to make changes and move forward in its constant expectations, in the interest of a more stable future.
Trader snakes are also one of the housing firms that have grown up in expectations, both internal and external, and have developed a distinctive pattern of development and are actively changing in the light of changes in the external environment: first, the “front port-central zone-back town” is one of its most distinctive features, taking into account both the speed and the length of residential development.
Far from the longer-term profit support point, which is the firm’s expectation that it will have an advantage in size and survive in a long-term cycle, the combination of business is a prerequisite for achieving that expectation. In 2020, the business snakes joined the industry to the top 10, and sales performance recovered in an orderly manner, reflecting how the business thinks and arranges.
Second, one of the greatest expectations for merchants is the realization of the land resources of the former sea, because of the expectation that businesses are also improving access to the land resources of the former sea in a variety of ways.
On November 15, 2020, the merchant snakes announced the termination of the 7 billion acquisition of 24% of the South Oil Group and the six-month buyout to close the deal, which in turn will result in a third, frequent transfer of shares in the project, reduction of debt, and optimization of the structure. Since 2020, the merchant snakes have made frequent concessions.
(d) Fourth, what is inconsistent with the strong return to sales performance of an enterprise is the unsatisfactory performance of profits in its financial statements.
What are the main reasons for this, however, for the relative backwardness in the e50 housing sector? Will these factors be sustained? Will the performance of profits be the greatest burden on the company's long-term development?
The $31 billion Shenzhen project, which worked with the city in 2016, and the merchant snakes, which maintained their investment inertia in 2020, continued deep-deeping in the core cities of the region, also inevitably resulted in access to high-value land resources, both of which were acquired in Xuzhou and Shanghai.
So, because of the homogeneity of business behaviour, how does business change from the point of view of business?
I. Top 10, because you know, you get it. In terms of the performance of an enterprise, there is a steady growth in contract sales, a higher degree of stability, and a more orderly and unscathed pace.
In 2020, with the disruption of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, businesses showed strong resistance. In June 2020, the merchants were able to add $11.713 billion in sales to industry Top10. Regionally, the East China region and the Gangnam region accounted for more than 40 per cent of sales, and the South-West region for 14 per cent of sales; urbanly, Hangzhou, Shanghai, Sunan,
Four city companies, Nanjing and others, sold over $10 billion, and it is also thanks to deep-cultivated layouts in the Long Triangle and South-West regions that businesses can perform so well. By October, cumulative sales had reached $21 billion, an increase of 21 per cent, and business sales were expected to outperform $250 billion throughout 2020.
1.2 The only way to grow is to follow the principles. The market performance of housing companies comes from pre-investment arrangements, and the success of business contacts in the long triangle is undoubtedly the result of a sustained and effective investment of resources in the long triangle.
Taking into account the availability of data, we will start by looking at business data for 2015 on the investment planning arrangements of the merchants. By looking at data on the sales ratio of the space covered by the building, it can be seen that the merchants maintain the arrangements for total land investment.
With the established rhythm and discipline, the overall ratio of sales has been maintained at 120-170 per cent, reaching its peak in recent years in 2017, and planning has ensured both the sustainability of the volume and the elasticity of the surplus.
From the point of view of regional layout, it can be found that the location of commercial snakes focuses on the long trigonometric region, the south-south China region and the south-central and south-west regions, while other regions remain appropriately involved, with significant advantages and forwards over most of the other South China housing firms.
In terms of the choice of cities, businesses have won over the Kyoto system, not by quantitative indicators, but by maintaining continuous deep farming on the basis of a limited number of selected cities. Over the long triangle, the cities of Sea, Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Ningbo, and their surrounding cities of Caring, Shaping, Nandong, and others, have sunk moderately in the core cities, for example.
The South China Region has chosen the cities of Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Fushan, Dongzhou, Nakayama, and other cities, such as Chuhai, Chuhai, and Jooqing, to stay in place late and exercise restraint in total investment. The West and Southwest Region has chosen Wuhan, Chengdu, Chengzhou, Xian, Chongqing and the other cities Huanggang, 10
The cities of Wuhan, Su, Nanjing, Shenzhen, Hang, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengzhou, Fushan, Dong-chung, Ningbo, Chongqing, Ka-Jing, etc. have remained largely separate between 2015 and the first half of 2020.
Annual and sustained access to resources has resulted in a cumulative build-up of over 3 million square metres of new land reserves in Wuhan, Suzhou and Nanjing, a total of more than 2 million square metres in Chengdu, Shenzhen, Nantung and Hangzhou, and a total of more than 1 million square metres in 11 cities, including Shanghai, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Zhengzhou and Hoyo.
Investment decisions that maintain a small number of cities, and that sustain deep farming, can have a clear focus on business entry, and businesses can effectively influence the core cities of the regions, and it is because positions in the core regions can help companies better counter the uncertainties of the external environment and increase their resilience to risk defense, which is precisely the case with the outbreak.
The key factor in a strong return to business sales performance is the urban distribution of new land reserves (in terms of size of buildings, 10,000 square metres) at the commercial level between 2015 and 2020h1 and the Shanghai Business Advisory Co. Ltd.
1.2.3 Knows how to borrow – 60% of benefits, win – win – win, win – win – win – win, warm up – is one of the most common ways for firms to achieve rapid scale expansion and reduce financial pressure.
Within 65% of the total, down to 54% in 2018. The same drive to develop has a strong positive impetus for business growth, not only easing the pressure on the enterprise’s own finances, but also enabling it to achieve its own strengths, maximize its strengths, and complement its own weaknesses in project operations, projects, etc.
Second, the South Oil Equity Acquisitions have ceased, but expectations for the resources of the former Sea have not changed, and there is no doubt that one of the greatest expectations in the industry for the latter is the realization of quality land resources in the former Sea.
The former sea’s land resources are also the firm’s greatest expectation, and to that end, the firm’s efforts are constantly being pursued. The acquisition of the South Oil Group has also been subject to a number of changes, ranging from the announcement of the firm’s intent to buy shares in the South Oil Group to the end of the deal, in order to better capture the former’s good land resources.
On 5 June 2020, the listed company signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the safe management, the safe life of the company and the undisclosed share subscription agreement with the fund holder.
On 8 June 2020, the merchants signed an agreement with the deep-investor to issue shares, convert the company’s debt and pay the cash.
Gold buys 24% of the shares held by the Southern Oil Group, of which it pays 2.5%, 47.5%, and 50%, respectively, of the value of the transaction in the form of shares issued, convertable corporate debt and cash. Meanwhile, the merchants intend to raise the money to the strategic investors (peace, peace, and life) for a private share package to be used to pay for the cash exchange in the transaction.
In September 2004, the Group signed the Agreement on the Replenishment and Reorganization of the South Oil Group, which was restructured by the Group, and the subsidiary of the Group held 76 per cent and 24 per cent of the shares of the South Oil Group, respectively, as well as the South Oil Group, which would be fully funded if the deal were to be completed.
Companies, which further strengthen the control of commercial smugglers over the former sea-based investments, contribute to enhancing the value of their resources in the former sea areas, effectively raise the value of the company as a whole, and contribute to the company ' s core competitiveness. (3) Changes in the trading programme and the end of the war offer
On September 11, 2020, the Group convened its second Board of Directors at its twelfth interim session, in 2020, to consider the adoption of bills such as the Bill on Corporate Adjustment to the Trading Programme, which will make adjustments to the trading programme and eliminate matching funding arrangements.
On the same day, the comptoirs signed the Exchange Office, Snakes Industrial Zone Holdings, and Peace.