Sinkkawa technology (300124.sz) moves out of the strong list because of limited up-to-date space; below-even business profitability projections; down-rating to neutral.
And strong R & D, which should provide strong support for companies to increase the penetration of their electric car control products in the auto manufacturing supply chain. We expect that the market share of the electric vehicle control in 2018/19 will be for several competitors that we have recently visited in China/Japan in Hong Kong.
They are aware of the strong momentum in the Chinese market and recognize the cost advantages and implementation capabilities that will drive the company’s market share further. They also expressed their desire to enter the electric car control market, but we believe that they may have been two to three years behind Chinese companies; 2) we visited the Chinese home-grown electric vehicle.
Controllers/electrics in Shanghai power drive and Shanghai County. Although we recognize these two companies as pioneers in the supply chain in electric vehicles, we believe that they have much stronger power in their main business (industrial automation revenue was RMB 2.6 billion in 2016, Māori was 49%, while the ocean power plant received 49%).
With $5.5 billion in revenue, the Māori rate is 22%, and the Māori rate is $900 million and the Māori rate is 26%) which allows companies to invest in research and development on a continuous basis. However, we have worsened the rate of transmission of electric vehicles to the river; and the sale of elevator transformers has slowed down.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not view information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative, taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
SWITCH TECHNOLOGY (300124.sz) SWIFT TECHNOLOGY: SUMMARIES OF FINANCIAL DATA CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE REPORT
Figure 1: Comparison of valuations of global automation units in coverage
Figure 3: Valuation of global automated enterprise director's scut (300124.sz) Hitchon technology (300124.sz)
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities in question. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our selection of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on investments in cash, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry).
a Share industries: Chinese Chinese vehicles (a), Aston, Grand National Laser, Lead Smart, New Timeda, Sinokawa Technologies, Robots.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Hitchon Technology (rmb27.70) Company rating, research industry and rating and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive or sell a rating and has an active rating (i.e., shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to have a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.