The industrial sector is closely linked to macroeconomics, and the manufacturing sector is recovering structurally in the country.
In the context of growth, the industry continues to warm and the demand for generic automation products rises. During the reporting period, general automation operations (including general base data (17.08.24), using transformers, universal servers, plc&hmi, etc.) increased by more than 90% over the same period.
More than 70 per cent longer; universal servo systems generated more than 340 million yuan, an increase of 120 per cent over the same year; and plc&hmi products generated more than 80,65 million yuan, an increase of more than 90 per cent over the same year. Driven by high growth in general automation operations, the total corporate income increased by 32.24 per cent over the same year, and the net profit for mothers rose by 10.31 per cent over the same year.
In mid-point, the cost of R & D rose by 75.45 per cent as a result of the 55 per cent surge in R & D staff, and the transfer to the management end increased it by 57.53 per cent. The cost of sales also increased by 40.52 per cent as a result of the 23 per cent increase in sales personnel over the same period. But this trend of high growth will not continue. 2) The income structure of the products is evident and elevators and fluids are growing steadily.
In the context of the slowdown in the domestic real estate sector, companies have accelerated the development of overseas markets by promoting industry lines and expanding the domestic market, while the other side has been active in public relations multinational enterprises. During the reporting period, companies have set up several lines of industry, introducing various integrated solutions, such as villa ladders, old buildings plus elevators, escalators, saloon integration, and fast-changing packages, which have effectively improved domestic sales.
On the scene, companies have entered into partnerships with a number of multinational enterprises to lay the groundwork for the next move in overseas penetration. With the continued dynamism of domestic and foreign markets, elevator integration is expected to continue to grow steadily. In the case of electric fluids, companies have accelerated market expansion by implementing a variety of combination marketing strategies.
The company’s new energy motor control products are used mainly for new energy, passenger and logistics vehicles. A significant reduction in subsidies for new energy buses and logistics vehicles in the latest policy led to a marked decline in sales in the first half of 2017 as compared to the same period, with production falling by 38.0% and sales down by 37.6%.
The power controllers have dropped their output to a mere $146 million, a 48% drop over the same period. But the long-term trend towards a better new-energy vehicle has not changed, and subsidies have helped car firms to accelerate technological innovation, upgrade their core competitiveness, and increase industry concentration and promote a virtuous and sustainable growth of the industry, so the business is only in a short period of adjustment. During the reporting period, the firm’s backsliding has increased its investment in systems platforms such as R & D, manufacturing, quality, etc.
In addition, new energy-borne vehicle products have been developed and are expected to be phased in in the future. Industrial robots have been sold in bulk, and rail operations have improved.
During the reporting period, the company developed a multiplicity of robotic products for bulk sales in electronics manufacturing, photovoltaics, teaching, etc.