The industrial controls over-expected the release of new energy power and the platform configuration are becoming more sophisticated under the signature of Zhang Luang, whose interest rate has been reduced by 2.3 percentage points, mainly due to the large decline in the Maori rate of new energy-controlled products.
The Division’s growth rate is bright, and performance is fair. The ratio of R & D inputs is so high that it provides companies with a higher than expected rate of growth in generic automation operations as a follow-on outbreak, and systems-based solutions drive product market expansion.
Annually, general automation operations grew 90% over the same year. All types of generic automation products grew by more than 70% over the same year, especially common servo products, achieving a 120% super-high growth rate.
The market share of highly competitive industrially controlled products has risen. The level of Maori has fallen slightly, mainly as a result of product structure. Systematized solutions have driven companies to sell industrially controlled products and have steadily increased their market share.
The company has effectively expanded its foreign power ladder customers, promoted industry line operations, introduced attachment network modules, etc., and led to elevator operations far beyond market growth. Under the influence of the downstream real estate industry, the market for new elevators has grown at an average rate, and companies have been able to access them.
The growth of the business is guaranteed by the increase in the city’s occupancy rate; the opening of the market for the replacement of the old building with the renovation of the old elevator, which provides incremental space for the integrated operation of the elevator, has led to a pre-emptive advantage for the company. As a result of the industry’s impact, new-energy motor vehicle power camps have declined significantly, and the Maori rate has declined considerably.
The \diamond production line has been completed, the power and power of the vehicle is progressing well, and the high growth in the future is still to be expected. In the first half of the year, new energy sources achieved $146 million in revenue, a 48% decline in the same year; and the Māori rate has fallen by 18 percentage points.
In the first half of the year, the sales of new energy commercial vehicles were relatively low, with the main customers of the power and control business being new energy commercial vehicles, causing a significant impact on the volume. In the first half of the year, a two-source turn-over system for passenger vehicles has been achieved in bulk sales; logistics vehicles have been integrated and have been successfully deployed in micro-surface and blue-plated 4.5t light-cars.
This will be followed by a gradual release; in the area of vehicles, new developments will gain access to many vehicles, and a new generation of vehicles and electricity will complete a small batch validation process in the second half of the year. The company completes the new power-based Automation of Automotive Automotive Production Line, which will automate 100% of critical processes and significantly improve production efficiency.
In the second half of the year, when the company’s power and control operations accelerated, Māori levels are expected to pick up. Research and development investments are now at an all-time high, and platform-based layouts are getting better.
In the first half of the year, R & D invested $276 million, an increase of 75.45 per cent in the camp.
Inputs and strength provide a strong guarantee that the company's performance will continue to rise. The company's platform is becoming more sophisticated, with more business and more potential for follow-up.
"Segawa Technology - More Business, Lead to Work"