(a) SWIFT (300124.sz) was affected by the structural recovery of the industrially controlled sector, with the company 17h1 achieving revenues of 1.937 billion yuan, an increase of 32.24 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 429 million yuan, an increase of 10.31 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 364 million yuan in the same year;
The increase in net profits is largely influenced by increased corporate R&D inputs and changes in product-earning structures, as well as competition in the market, leading to a decline in the Māori ratio by 3.32 pct on a par. Companies are China’s intellectually created scarcity target, enjoy a valuation premium, and maintain “buy-in” advice.
The structural recovery in the industrial and regulatory sectors has continued, with a high rate of growth in automated operations: by branch, it has benefited from a slight increase in the elevator market in the first half of the year, the effective landing of companies in the growth strategy of multinational enterprises, and the in-depth operation of the industry line, with an output of 500 million dollars in sales generated by the integrated elevators.
Growth of 18.0%; taking advantage of the opportunities of structural recovery in the industrial-controlled sector, the company actively promoted the development of new products, and quickly launched a series of competitive products, which enabled the company to achieve a sales income of more than 90% higher than the general frequency transformer.
The product portfolio increased by 31 per cent; the new energy automobile business achieved revenues of $146 million, a 48 per cent decline in the same year; and the track transit business achieved sales revenues of $68 million, a 15.43 per cent increase in the same year.
New energy vehicle sales are beginning to recover: due to the downside of new energy vehicles in the first half of the year, 33,000 vehicles were sold in passenger vehicles and 31,000 in logistics vehicles, a decline of 38.0% in the same year, and a full recovery in new energy vehicle sales.
1290 vehicles, a significant increase of 43% over the previous year, and the sale of new energy buses, starting in the second quarter, have made some progress, with successful deployment of vehicles such as micro-surface and blue cards with 4.5t light cards, and have already been sold in bulk. In the area of new energy vehicles, companies have continued to invest more in research and development, and have successfully targeted multiple vehicle-type projects.
In general, it is expected that the total sales of passenger vehicles will remain unchanged this year, that the expansion of non-woo passenger and logistics vehicles will increase throughout the year, and that the transaction will not be carried out as expected, and that major shareholders will change their performance commitments: participation in multiple orbital traffic specializations during the reporting period
Bids were tendered, but unfortunately no breakthrough was achieved, with 17h1 achieving revenues of $6.859 million, an increase of 15.43 per cent.
The company re-signed the performance commitment agreement with Machin on 3 August, promising to complete at least two full orders from different cities by 31 March 1818, or, failing that, to transfer the RMB free of charge or up to one dollar.
Jiangsu shares at 5% latitude, and Ma Jiancho bears the tax on the free transfer of shares. It's not good for the company not to have a full purchase order after a nine-month delay in this change of commitment.
Quespe37x, 28x, a company that is an intellectually created scarce target in China, enjoys a valuation premium, maintains “buying chinaresearchdept.” This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.