The first half of the year was over-expected, the second half of the year was powered by 13 July 2017.
A slight decline of 1% over the same period. The increase in income was mainly due to the over-expanding of general automation, while the small increase in profits was due mainly to the new energy motor power industry in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the new energy automobile business is expected to grow significantly, and profit growth is expected to improve significantly in the second half of the year. General automation operations, especially universal servers, continued to grow beyond expectations during the first half of the year.
General automation operations have recovered since the second half of last year and have continued to grow beyond expectations in the first half of this year. The rate of growth in our fixed-asset investment has rebounded from the monthly pmi data of 51.7 and it is expected that the demand for automation will continue in the second half of the year.
We expect the growth rate to slow in the first half of the year, and the new energy car air conditioners to be the bright spot for the second half of the year.
General automation is growing faster than expected, new energy vehicles are moving. 2. The Engineering Controls are growing faster than expected this year, full-scale construction is lagging behind the start of the building, and it is expected that the elevator unit will continue to grow better in the second half of the year.
3. The forecast for the first quarter is as expected, with new energy auto power control falling considerably in the first half of the year as a result of subsidized policies, three quarters, general automation growth exceeding expectations, new energy vehicles moving
In June, the number of commercial vehicles sold reached 16,000, of which the total volume of commercial vehicles sold was 31,000, a decline of 38 per cent.
The ring has grown by 149%, 56% over the same period, exceeding market expectations, three quarters of new sources of public transport into the procurement season, logistics cars have begun to deploy gradually, commercial cars are expected to grow significantly by the same and ring ratios in the third quarter, and passenger vehicles are still growing at a high rate.
The revenue from the power and power of the source car was $281 million, all of which came from commercial vehicles, and is therefore expected to decline by about 50 per cent in the first half of the year, but the sales of the new energy bus in Wootong in June were about 1,800, the ring was significantly improved, the electricity and control ratio in Sinkuan in June was also significantly increased, the order fell modestly in the first half of the year, and the bus power control is expected to be large as the three quarters enter the season.
In the case of passenger cars, the company is now working with a number of full-scale cars, including international and international brands, while the company, in cooperation withbrasa, is about to launch a vehicle-driven total system, which will be an important growth point for the coming year.
In real terms, we expect that the company’s new energy automobile business will continue to grow by more than 30% this year, and that it will continue to develop in the future.
Business revenue as a proportion of revenue is expected to decline in the same way as the Māori rate for new-energy automobile power control, and the future nationalization of orbital transport operations is expected to expand the motor electronics research and development workforce significantly, with greater investment in industrial robotics; on the other hand, companies are marketing their industries, with a breakdown of industries requiring sales personnel, and sales costs are rising faster.
The company’s profit growth was significantly lower than income growth. The leader’s position, coupled with a strong layout in the area of passenger cars, had a portfolio investment advisory in view of this year’s strong recovery in industrial automation and the approval by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of the company East Wu Securities Co. Ltd.