On October 27, 2019, the company released its three-quarterly report, which achieved revenue in the first three quarters of 2019.
The company’s revenue collection and net profits in the first three quarters were close to the ceiling of the previous performance forecast, slightly exceeding market expectations.
In response to the positive effects of the same-year growth and the impact of the “United Kingdom de-Europe” event at the end of the third quarter, regional distributors in parts of Europe have appropriately increased the size of their supplies. In the face of a significant increase in revenues, the company’s prices of its products have remained stable, the exchange rate has been favourable, and the structure of its products has been optimized.
At the same time, companies have strengthened their management of funds and maintained stable investment returns. The impact of non-recurring gains and losses on net profits in the first three quarters has reached 92 million.
2019q3 financial indicators, including revenue collection, net profits, etc., have all reached a single-quarter record of one billion dollars, an increase of 48.39 per cent over the same year, an increase of 8.67 per cent over the ring, net cash flows from operating activities of 347 million, and the study by the Société d ' Etat-Billion Network (300628), 2019 and a half.
Sip Phone Service: Industry penetration is rising, high-end product line support companies are growing rapidly Annual Report: Businesses are going well, sustaining high growth.
Year after year, 12.6 million global sip phones were delivered, with a combined increase of 9% expected over the next five years. Report and report for the first quarter of 2019: performance continued to grow rapidly, vcs hit 2018, companies continued to improve the sip phone lines, and high-end products gradually gained market recognition.
Open Spaces for Future Growth. 209.04.25 Sip phone calls are growing steadily. With steady growth in the entire industry, companies continue to grow faster as business leaders than industry growth, leading to a growing market share.
The ip terminal has 14.5%, and the second, the sip, 27.3%, is the world’s first. This business will continue to grow more steadily in the future.
vcs Operations: Sustained high growth, new growth engine, global videoconferencing market sizes of $7.8 billion in 2018, 12.1 per cent annual compound growth rate in 2018-2023 and $13.82 billion in 2023, according to frost&sullivan data
Since 2015, the company has been active in videoconferencing. With the skills, products and vast customer resources accumulated in the corporate communications market, the company continuously upgrades the performance of systems and terminals, and the vcs industry continues to grow at more than 90%.
With strategic cooperation, cloud vision products gradually gaining market recognition, vcs operations are expected to become companies with steady and steady growth in the company's operations, with a slight improvement in the company's performance in the last three quarters, later distributors going to stock, and increased competition in the vcs sector.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.