Watch the new energy transition!
On the premise of sound economic growth plus car-related policy-friendly assumptions, we predict new domestic energy usage: 9.68 million (+51 per cent of the year) and 80.4 million (+54 per cent of the year), corresponding penetration rates of about 40 per cent.
Type sales are projected at 4.7 million (year-on-year + 19.9 per cent), type phev at 2.67 million (year-on-year new energy brands are expected to reach 77 per cent (projected at 62 per cent in 2022) and share of cr2 (Tesra + Biadi) is stable (38-39 per cent), ideal + Great Wall/Gili/Change)
Great Wall Cars: Product Out and Channel Change, Marginal Catalyzing Up. 1) Recapitulation History: With the Suv Sector dividend in the upper stock cycle at the company's top round, Huffh6 is on the market, leading to an increase in Huff's full-fledged market share, which is still around the center. 2) The advantages are all the same.
Conclusion: The firm and long-term correct thing, that is, the integration of more technological and product power. The last Great Wall cycle was dominated by the need for precision positioning users of engine technology back-to-back development +suv products in two dimensions.
The core catalytic: technological maturity, channel change, and the new vehicle catalyticity is expected to lead a powerful cycle. The technology dimension: the Great Wall lemon dht blending technology is developed early, technological maturity and product fuel consumption parameter performance is at the forefront of the industry.
Physics: The Wall's six brands have made a steady three-way break, Hafer's GPS market has accelerated the transformation of new energy sources, q2 is expected to launch a multi-car phev/ev and raise the market at a price of $100,000 to $200,000.
New products are being introduced to cover different types of car/mpv, and help companies to transform new energy sources. Channel dimensions: Great Wall based on Ora/Sharan and Wei's Door, Huff has been set up at +25% and terminal access continues to go to the bank.
The new new system for the sale of new energy vehicles, q2, has begun to move to the market and to facilitate a rapid transition to new energy sources.
The average value of the four comparable companies with the Walla shares is 21/16/14 times higher. Given the company’s continuous technology and technology accumulation, as well as its strong product cycle, we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In 2023, the country’s new energy-car industry will continue to grow at a rapid pace, and sales will continue at a faster rate, with we expect 968,804 million wholesale/retail-calibre sales to reach 51%-54%, respectively, compared to the rate of 51%-54%. The high-speed core of the new energy-car sales is underpinned by: 1)) the policy end: the policy dividend of the new energy-car policy is still in place, and the acquisition tax credit has been extended completely.
Continuation; 2) Supply end; Biadi/ideal/Jili automobiles and others continue to roll out new vehicles and supply end product matrices are rapidly enriched; 3) Demand end: terminal acceptance of new energy sources continues to rise, with $100,000 to $200,000 in price with new energy penetration in a one-point technical route, where phev is the main contributor to the increase.
In 2023, thousands of phev vehicles, +159.2 per cent of the year, 4.7 million vehicles, +19.9 per cent of the year, and 670,000 vehicles, +139.3 per cent of the year, were sold.
In a generally stable environment, the new energy-accelerating replacement truck has led to an increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles. The total number of vehicles used has remained stable, with different increases in the sale of new energy vehicles between price zones under the trend of the new energy-a-vertical replacement fuel vehicle, and competing pressures on the autonomous fuel truck.
The share of the share of the joint fuel truck in the tanker market is dominated by the share of the core of the new energy vehicle; within a price range of $200,000 to $300,000, there is significant incremental space for the sale of the new energy vehicle and low penetration of the autonomous tanker, which uses the new energy vehicle as a catch to meet the rapid rise in the share of the main brand market.
We expect 2.81 million full-market sales in 2023, of which 10.15 million RMB phev and 200,000.3 million RMB + 580,000, or more than half. 1.2. Pattern dimensions: industry players' share goes from two weak to two strong.
Experience based on our whole-car framework & 100-year car history review has shown on several occasions that at some stage, any car company has the ability to cross borders and that linear extrapolation is not available. Often, three years are a cycle of rotation. Technology R & D & D & Supply Chain Integration Diffusion has diminished.) Technology R & D: Technology elements are divided into whole vehicle production platforms.
& Modified (including incremental) technology & smartness has developed in three dimensions: after the rapid and iterative development of technology since 2020, electrodynamic technology has matured and intelligent technology is still in the gestation phase. 2) Supply chain integration: first-line autonomous parts & components Quantification of enterprises entering the mainframe supply chain system and closing the gap between car firms.
Product definition & channel capability varies considerably: 1) product definition: medium- and high-end market brands above $200,000 are divided between larger, different car companies have different brand ideas + master point characteristics; traditional car firms explore prices by incubating a second/third brand, in combination with higher value for their products. 2) channel capacity: Biadi/Wa sells for the whole country.
The channels are largely well-developed and the number of doors is the widest; Tesla and the new forces are focusing on the two-linely developed areas, where the new channels are being built at the same rate; while the rest of the traditional car companies have a better national fuel distribution channel layout, the main players depend on tankers for distribution, and the pace of change in the pipeline is at the core.
Based on a comparative analysis of the competing elements of individual car companies in our whole-car framework, it is assumed that, in an optimistic scenario: " Tesla + Bia " , two super-defensives: a steady drop in share. Middle-high-end market (200,000 +): the core ran out of three, with a share of about 4%.
[Texra + Biadey] Real heterogeneous competition: 1) a single brand with a focus on the household market; 2) a focus on the mid-to-high end market (especially 300,000-500,000 dollars); 3) short-range technology + long-term ev technology. Full price coverage: core 3-4; assessment of the 2023 new car cycle [Gili + Changan + Wall + Ean] is more interesting, with the long one.
City/Jili/Longan: Three companies in the first echelon of the transition speed in autonomous brands. Common features: 1) bets on both sides to speed up the transformation of the electric power; 2) full-scale multi-brand strategy against Biadi. Based on a comparative analysis of the competing elements of individual car companies in our whole car frame, the whole pattern evolved in 2023: 2 over-shares
Slight and steady drops: Tesla 8%, Biadi 29%. All defensive battles are taken. Notable in strength: ideal 3.5% (merger over the luxury car market), Great Wall-Jili-Longan (around 8%). Bev market patterns were still fragmented in 2023, but head-car stock increased; phev market
From Biadi’s unique to a super 3-high pattern, the growth process is driven by the ideal + Cyrus + Chang-Ann. 2. The Great Wall car: product flow – channel change, marginal catalytic push-up, multi-brand strategy under the Great Wall’s consistent product innovation model, 2022, the product cycle phase under the supply chain crisis.
Weakness, 2023, supply chain & technology ready, bulk new energy roll-out full price matching terminal channels, re-engineering, with the prospect of a new product cycle that will boost sales. 2.1. Recapitulation history: a large upward-catalysing stock price cycle around the new car market [h6]
During the previous big round of the retrenched Great Wall car, the core of the sharp price hikes and drops followed the cycle of listing/replacement of the Haffah6 appliance, which was more relevant to the changes in sales. From 2020 to the present, the Wall has experienced three major rounds of rebound, with a larger range of 2020h2 and 2021h2 at the core.
Catalysing is the catalytic effect of three generations of H6/OLA black cat/tank 300 and the rejuvenation of Wei brands, the accelerated transformation of new energy sources in the industry, the build-up of new cars, the expected strength of the tram, and the price of the shares of Davies; the subsequent drop in the price of the Wall ' s automobiles is mainly due to the lack of follow-up to the new cycle, while the supply chain crisis has resulted in limited sales of the model.
2.2. Summing-up: strong long-term correctness, strong technical and product power The Great Wall ' s car firmly pursues the technical approach of product tactics and core technologies that are autonomously controlled by product innovation, firm long-term product dimensions, companies insist on multi-branding, product thinking, brand expression, thus taking over the user ' s heart
Hafer locates mass markets, pickups, tank/weed focus groups up, Eura/Shallow power pure power transition, clear positioning, and direction focus. Technology dimensions, the Wall is leading in terms of electrodynamic/intelligent/platformization.
The Wall uses the beehive energy & hive vulnerability as a core electrodynamic technology component, lemon dht hybrid solution, keeping industry in the lead; (2) intelligent dimensionality, whereby the Wall develops a snow lake mana data intelligence system based on a millimeter of intellectuals, and enhances the synergy of data collection/training by using three major operations: car, end-of-pipe autopilot and smart hardware to drive autopilots.
Higher horizontal capabilities; 3) platform chemical dimensions, Great Wall development of different types of product production platforms such as lemon/tanks, covering products of different sizes/types/fuels. 2.3 Core catalytic: determined technology breakthroughs/channel changes, accelerated roll-out of new energy products
2.3.1. Technological dimensions: mixed technological maturity; accelerated layout of vehicle hybrid technology, leading by Biadi; rapid follow-up by the Great Wall/Gili/Ghali; release of a new generation of hybrid solutions (dm-i/Lemondht) in early 2021 and mid-2021, respectively.
In both cases, the P1+p2/3 dual-power structure was followed up by the registration of vehicles like Qinplusdm-i/Hover h6dht and the Deokol Lei god, with 2023q1 long vehicles officially launching the second generation Idd hybrid system, with a completely new structure for solutions and responsive products.
By a combination of rates and fuel consumption on behalf of the vehicle, Biadi is still in the lead, but there is a smaller gap between car companies such as Gilly and the Great Wall. 2.3.2. Product dimensions: six brands and three-round breakthroughs: six brands under the Great Wall from 2020 to the fourth quarter of 2022.
More than 50%, card sales have stabilized at 15-20%, tank sales have gradually increased to 10% + and Wei/Ola sales have been smaller. Six major brands have been transformed to take on different roles: Hafer.
Hafer: Continuous new energy transformation, channel separation. Hafer brand launched the first phev at the end of 2022.
h6pev, the market feedback is relatively modest. Since 2023, Huff brands will be launched on the basis of existing market positioning, Haffron (slightly larger than h6 dimensions) or, as song (slightly smaller than h6 dimensions) is expected to be on the market, the new four-generation h6 will be on the market, and the new energy transition will accelerate.
Wei & Ola & Sharon: A new batch of cars has been launched, and the product matrix continues to be rich, and it is expected to recreate a powerful monolith. The city's three major medium-high-end new energy brands, Eura/Sharon/Wei, Wei's head in the phev market, Eura /Sharon gathering in the field of pure electricity, and the current product is relatively small.
New models, back to mainstream market aesthetic orientation, neutral design style: 2) Wei Moca/Latte all new and listed 6 large suv blue mountains and brand new mpv products, fast-rich product matrix; 3) Sharon machine core productions are officially available and are expected to release all new suv products.
2.3.3. Channel dimensions: re-engineering of channel systems, upgrading of efficiency Organizational structure, restructuring of intensive management to improve efficiency.
Dragons are fully integrated in the management of the organization, with Sharon and Ola brands ceo flying; Wei and tanks are fully integrated in the management of the organization, and tank brands ceo Yin-Yang are also Wei ceo, and each of the two systems will now operate in two brands. 1 channel, 1.5 tissues, 2 brands, further pooling of niche resources and comprehensive presentation.
The Hover brand independently created a new energy distribution system to facilitate the transformation of a series of new products.
Throughout 2023, the company promoted the creation of a new new energy portal to cover mainstream cities across the country, targeting new energy portals of the new power force, in conjunction with the q2 Great Wall multi-powered new items on the market, and the volume of sales is expected to increase rapidly.
Based on the following core assumptions, we forecast the profits of the Wall ' s cars for 2022-2024. 1) The Wall ' s vehicles achieved a wholesale sale of 10,675 million vehicles in 2022, expected to achieve 34/48/28 times the respective value of the Wall in 2023-2024, and selected five whole-car companies as comparable companies with a share as Gilly vehicles, with an average value compared to the average value of the company ' s valuation
21/16/14 times. Given the company’s continued technological accumulation and its strong product cycle, we believe that the recovery of the Great Wall’s motor vehicle needs by car is less than expected. If the domestic economy recovers slowly, it will affect the consumer’s desire to buy a car.
Businesses and supply-chain profitability have had a significant impact.