The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has a large incremental market, the strategic value of airport duty-frees are underestimated, and the consumption of back-to-flow space can take over the city's stores, with no significant impact on the Shanghai airport duty-free shop in recent years.
In the future, China’s duty-free industrial space: short-term fragrance, medium-term fine, long-term growth of national products. 2 Measuring the tax-free industrial incremental space that is expected to be in 19-21 years when considering only the return of fragrances.
In both cases, it is expected that the tax-free stores in Shanghai will start their first year of operation at about $800-20 billion, within the maturity period of $7 billion. Without consideration of the fine items, the amount of permeable inflow will also cover the full amount of the market’s revenue.
The airport vs city’s inter-airway strategy is balanced by the expansion of the airport’s stores and the profits of the city’s stores. 1 city’s stores are profitable, and the market’s fears are different. 2dfs’ growth path is the most indicative: airport shops are used as the cornerstone for operating, and the expansion route is built on the airport’s chips to the city’s inter-city stores.
The implementation of the New Tax Free Agreement has resulted in a significant increase in the Māori rate - and has made great strides. In the future, the airport, which is a strategic destination for duty-free core flows, is more naturally expanded to other industries, such as inner-city shops, and the strategic value of Shanghai Airport cannot be underestimated.
The high rate of revenue growth, concern about the additional costs of satellite halls. The airport shop industry tends to make its tax-free operators more profitable.
3. " Tax-exempt promotion performance growth is still strong -- 2018 - space is already limited, opening a new tax-free business will maintain the price advantage of the airport. @Shanghai Airport, hedge space is enough: assuming that the tax-exempt stores in the city first landed at $1.5 billion a year and there is no significant increase in the industry.
4. A tax-free contract is concluded, with disclosure of details that reveal space for commercial prices, which is expected to affect the tax-exempt revenue of Shanghai Airport for the year. A full hedge can be achieved by increasing the international passenger margin by 1.5 pct or by raising the penetration rate by 2 pct or 2 pct per person per unit.
Tax-free shops in our cities are difficult to capture and are South Korean-level.1 China and Korea have an advantage in terms of their passion for luxury demand and tax-free price differentials, which have determined that both countries have a wide range of opportunities to grow in the tax-free sector.2 But the market generally ignores the policy demands behind the Luxury Channel structure, the promotion of the tax-free industry, and the tax-free trade between the two countries.
There are significant differences in the structure of competition in China. 3 channels vary, and it is more important for producers of luxury goods to balance duty-free vs. There are tax channels.
The blind expansion of the model and the price war are taking place in China. As the city’s duty-free shop policy has not yet been liberalized, we maintain the company’s 19-21 tax-free revenue forecast, Huang Van Yang
1. Intra-city stores are an important industry for duty-free channels in Asia, driven by 1.1 policies and an important driving force in the development of tax-free channels within the city.
The duty-free sector is essentially a transfer based on incremental taxes. The high value-added tax (VAT) and tariffs associated with high transit rates, such as consumer taxes, and customs duties in China and Korea-represented Asian countries, make it clear that luxury goods are priced through tax-free channels and also determine the nature of the tax-free sector’s natural high-policy regulation in Asia.
As a result of tax-free policies, duty-free shops in the city have become an important feature of Asian tax-free channels. In the form of tax-free shops, the main ones are airport channels, intra-city channels, duty-free off-islands, and ports.
In contrast to the global distribution of tax-exempt channels, the structure of tax-exempt channels is more diversified in Asia. In 2017, the combined sales of Asian airports + airlines + ferry were 56 per cent, while the share of other channels (including intra-city stores, ports, etc.) reached 44 per cent.
We can't predict the timing and pace of the policy, but any policy is designed to re-segregate the relevant benefit cakes. The tax-free industry, as a special form of commodity circulation, and the balance between having a tax channel, will be taken into account in our policy discussion and scenario development below.
1.2 The duty-free off-island policy is much more relaxed, owing to the island's particular geographical pattern and the tax-bearing nature of the market, including traditional entry and exit stores and off-island duty-free shops.
Most mature are China’s Hainan Island, Korea’s Jeju Island, and Japan’s Okinawa Island. The separation of the Sea Island from the mainland’s geography makes the sea island’s tax-bearing commodity industry relatively underdeveloped, but it is convenient to manage the flow of tax-free goods.
Tax policies are strongly supported and often contribute effectively to the rapid development of the local tourism industry. In fact, the policy of tax exemption from the island of Kwanzhiju is based on the fact that the Korean government has established its “international urban big strategy” to provide duty-free passenger positions from the island, which are complementary to traditional inner-city shops.
The traditional inner-city shops are subject to a policy of open access only to incoming and outgoing tourists, which makes it more evident that the exemption policy from the island is complementary to the first two practices, namely, the pursuit of “nationals who are not convenient or required to enter or leave the country, but who have greater potential to consume luxury goods”.
Tax-free regulation, underdevelopment of the tax industry, and differentiated targeting of customers make it less difficult to move away from the island. Observing Japan’s and China’s policy to move away from the island, there is a constant trend towards liberalization. Figure 3: Tax-exempt policies across the island are more liberal.
Figure 4: South Korea's Jeju Island and Hainan Island Foreign Visitor Ratio is not high. 1.3 Expatriate shops are more inclined to “retail” business, and there is a balance between tax and tax-exempt channels.
Inner shops are targeted only at foreign residents leaving the country, and if the policy is relaxed to Chinese residents leaving the country, they are largely located in the same consumer group as airport duty-free shops. The commonality between airport and inner city stores is that both have certain retail characteristics and income-generating properties.
The difference between the two is that airport shops: have natural passenger flows. The price of scarce channels is a high commission deduction from the airport. Intra-city shops: no natural customer advantage. The core drivers are policy liberalization and tax-free operations.
Business efficiency (including product abundance, shop-forming design, etc.) The absence of a customer-source advantage makes it clear that duty-free stores in the city tend to have high-quality stores located in the centre of the city's business, and that the size of the market has a significant advantage in terms of prices, goods, and so forth.
The balance of channels between tax-free shops and tax-taxed shops (i.e., off-line retailing) is an important dimension that producers of luxury goods need to take into account when deciding on market entry strategies in different countries, as well as the need for policies to maintain a delicate balance.
Figure 9: The tax-free shop in the new city of Shanghai is located in Shanyuan Bay. 2. The structure of the South Korean tax-free industry is difficult for China as the largest tax-free market in the world, and the development of the South Korean tax-free sector can be understood as such.
The country’s tax-exempt industry and its potential for future development are mirrors. But most investors in the market use the Korean tax-exempt industry’s channel structure as a benchmark for China’s development, while ignoring an analysis of the differences between the Chinese and Korean tax-exempt industry’s time frame and stage of development.
In our view, the commonality of the development of the tax-exempt industries between the two countries is that: the essence of luxury consumption is consumption of European, American, cultural and brand culture all at once, the imitation and pursuit of European and American culture in East Asian countries determine that East Asian countries' fanaticism for Euro-American luxury goods cannot be changed in the short term; and 2 luxury producers in emerging markets.
The price-fixing strategy and the structure of import duties determine long-term development space for the tax-free sector in East Asia. But, more importantly, the policy claims behind the Luxury Channel structure, the promotion of the tax-free sector, and the large differences in the competition structure of the tax-free sector between the two countries determine the link between the tax-free sector and the tax-free sector in our country.
In short, their commonality has determined that tax-free industries in East Asian countries are growing high, and their differences have determined that the share of duty-free shops in China’s cities cannot be as high as in South Korea (19q1 has reached 80%).
2.1 The same is true of fanaticism and tax-free price differentials in demand for luxury goods. China and Korea share a similar culture of luxury consumption and are both non-luxury producers. Luxury consumption is essentially a pursuit of cultural and artistic consumption.
The rise of cards and the willingness of East Asian consumers to pay excessive prices for luxury goods are inextricably linked to their imitation of European and American culture and their pursuit. Moreover, since neither of the two countries has a luxury brand with high international influence (South Korea has a share of cosmetics), the demand for luxury goods needs to go through both countries.
In 2017, six of the world’s top 10 tax-free traders were located in Asia, mainly in Asia.
High pricing + high tax rates give the tax-free industry in Asia the natural soil to do great things. Emerging-market countries’ frenzy demand for fee collectors has led producers of luxury goods to resort to price-discriminatory policies that drive prices up.
Value-added taxes, consumer taxes, etc. imposed in the chain, and pricing advantages for luxury goods in tax-free channels are spelled out in 2.2. Tax-free shops in Korea City and Chinese retail malls are, respectively, important lines of development for luxury producers in the two countries. For producers, the best way to balance different channels is to maintain reasonable capital between different channels.
South Korea: The tax-free shop in the city was located early, the tax-free group worked with branders for a long time, and the city shop was an important business in the development of luxury brands in Korea. Before the tax-free shop in Korea landed in 1979, Park Jung Hee-cheol in Korea.
With the opening of the city’s tax-exempt policy, the Lotte and Samsung groups quickly opened a tax-free shop in Seoul. Since then, the South Korean tax-exempt industry has begun to grow rapidly.
Since then, the active introduction of tax-exempt groups to international brands has made the city’s tax-exempt channels more accessible. The Lotte Group opened its first tax-free shop in 1980 and introduced global luxury taps lv, love horse and Chanel in three years, 1984-1986.
Lotte has further introduced other high-end brands, such as Prada, which are constantly improving. International luxury brands also have a role to play in the development of other high-end brands.
In the late '90s, luxury brands took direct control of retail sales in provincial capitals, leaving the two- or-three-line cities under the administration of agents. In 2004, these luxury brands began to leave the agents autonomous, as policy permitted.
In general, underline retailing is an important business for producers of luxury goods in China. Chart 14: Intra-city duty-free shops are one of Korea’s important retail outlets.
Figure 15: Luxury department stores are an important industry in China's luxury supply channels . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In Korea’s tax-free business channels, the city store predates the airport and shows a pattern of “the city’s tax-free shops take the lead.” We believe that differences in the structure of luxury goods channels between China and Korea could lead to luxury goods producers in China.
When supplying goods in the city, there is a greater focus on the balance of the channel structure (in-city duty-free/airport duty-free/tax-owned) and the high-end orientation of brands. 2.3 Korea intends to lead to a large cultural tourism industry with tax exemptions.
The South Korean tax-free industry has undergone a process of “engaging South Korean native residents (1979-1990) – attracting South Korean residents and Japanese tourists (1990-2011) – attracting Chinese tourists (2012-present). Indeed, Chinese tourists have become the main driving force behind the current development of South Korea’s tax-free industry.
In the process of this development, the advancement of tax-exempt policies in the city is also a central reflection of the restructuring of industries under its special financial valve system. The central demands of the Korean government’s constant liberalization of tax-exempt policies in the city are industrial restructuring and development.
After 2010, South Korea’s economic growth slowed (average gdp growth of less than 3%), while China’s travel to South Korea grew exponentially. South Korea’s perfumed products became Chinese consumers in South Korea, under the influence of the “Korean culture”
South Korea’s high-end cosmetics have been transformed into a development strategy for internationalization. South Korea’s tax-free goods accounted for the largest sales of cosmetics in 2015 (34.28%), followed by tobacco (15.35%), and a combination of two types of products.
South Korea’s inner-city shop policy is highly stimulating, but it has little impact on tax channels. South Korea’s main tax-free operators (Eunten, New World, etc.) also cover a wide range of retail sales, including department stores, supermarkets, hotels, etc.
The “tax exemption” is a channel that promotes the development of the entire export chain of “recreational buying” and is counter-feeding for the zero Korean market. As a result, the Korean government has also been more liberal in its management of duty-free consumption lines and channels.
The removal of foreign consumption and the reduction of the country’s foreign and domestic differences in tourism consumption are the main demands of the current government’s efforts to liberalize tax-free industrial policies within the city.
1) Tax-free consumption. China’s consumers contribute much and have no limits on their consumption in Korea.
In addition, in order to attract Chinese customers, Korean tax-free operators often give travel agents and buy-outs a higher return point, with a maximum return rate of up to 40%. The number of people in our out-of-country stores is mainly “locally-departureed tourists” and in third-line cities is difficult to cover.
The well-developed retail channels of the Korea group cover and travel the industrial chain, making duty-free shops in South Korea an important part of its retail business. China City has a more homogenous consumption scene, which promotes other retail trades and even the entire brigade through tax-free access.
In our city, the relationship between tax-exempt and tax-retail business is more “competing” than “anti-breeding.” 3) the luxury goods industry is developing. In the 1960’s, Korean cosmetics entered the rapid development stage.
After the 1980s, local cosmetics firms stepped up their research and development in response to competitive pressures in the international market, and the big cards, such as Amalie and lg, emerged after the 1990s. The mature branding power is the key behind the increased tax-free distribution of Korean cosmetics and the attraction of Chinese customers.
2.4 The tax-free industry in South Korea is highly competitive, with the blind expansion of size and price war in China. The Korean government has raised the tax-free trade cake and the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) from the perspective of making big tax-free industrial cakes.
In 2019, the city of Seoul is expected to have a total of 16 new tax-exempt licences in three new cities. The more liberal management of channels has led to intense competition for tax-exempt and price discounts in South Korea.
By contrast, the free market has become one-size-fits-all, and China’s free-trade industry has a much better pattern of competition than South Korea. The competition between South Korean tax-free operators for customers, blind expansion of scale, and vicious competition between them is unlikely to occur in China.
3. Shading: How will the structure of China’s tax-exempt industry channels evolve? A further increase of 3.1 would significantly expand the scope of the tax-exempt industry, as mentioned earlier, if the exit shop policy were to be liberalized to the country’s citizens, it would affect the limits of consumption in the tax-exempt policy
At the moment, our airport duty-free shop is $8,000 per person/year, and given the future of the city shop and the airport shop, or the fact that it will serve the same group of customers, we believe that the easing of the consumption limit is moving.
According to recent statements by Shanghai City officials, the tax exemption for foreign shopping and port entry stores has been raised to US$8,000, or has been relaxed for short periods. 3.2 The evolution of the structure of the product category: short-term fragrance, medium-term fine, long-term growth of the country’s products
In fact, the rapid growth in duty-free sales in the Asia-Pacific region in recent years has been driven almost entirely by high growth in the aromatic category. The rise in disposable incomes and the intergenerational shift (after 90, after 00, into the consumer market) has become more focused.
Quality consumption (QC) is a major driver of the country’s growing consumption of high-end cosmetics. In recent years, post-tax reforms and luxury brand readjustment of Asia-Pacific pricing strategies have further shrunk the room for sub-purchases, with tax-exempt channels benefiting from price advantages.
Figure 31: The size of overseas sub-purchases began to shrink in 2015 and the price-added brander created the intermediate distribution terminal, and after the date of the acquisition, the advantages of avoiding the use of perfumed products were even more evident.
The average discount rate for the country’s best perfumed products, and for the East Asian region as a whole, is 60-70%. Medium-term treatment of fine products.
In the current state of business, the share of the best products is also generally high, but tax-exempt products require, on the one hand, matching the consumer’s needs and the shopping environment, and, on the other hand, maximizing the realization of the goods with their operating qualifications.
Prices vary widely, and the procurement and negotiation capacity of tax-exempt operators is much more demanding, which is what the group needs to do in its future expansion abroad. Long-term view of the rise of national products.
Products (e.g., Chinese mobile phones). If the country’s products are exported internationally through tax-free channels, they can open up new opportunities for growth for our tax-free industry, and help the country’s products win for mutual benefit with the tax-free industry.
It's a long-standing cultural heritage. We think that countries with perfumed, refined products, etc., are diluted through 3.3 channels or bigger cakes?
A balanced structural transition. So, in the next one to two years, the relationship between the city store and the airport store will depend to a large extent on the return space of the aromatic class, where the city store will be able to carry the space between the race and the speed. First, we measure the return space of the aromatic product.
Other channels, such as offshore consumption, offline retailing, and cross-border power suppliers, and overseas sub-purchases, are tax-exempt sales that could return to duty-free trades with a volume increase of 3.6 billion yuan/38 billion/54 billion yuan, respectively. Because of the failure to take into account the incremental space created by the return of refined products, and the possibility that the opening of an in-country store might exempt China from the use of the market.
The rate of increase in the tax sector, which we think is actually underestimated. Chart 40: Fragmentation of the channel structure of the aromatics, reflux space available to stores in the city: we've done different things about tax exemptions and goods in the table below.
The scenario under discussion, under different policy combinations, is expected to be about $800-20 million for the first year of the Shanghai tax-free shop.
In addition, we can make further cross-calculations based on penetration rates * unit prices.
Taking into account the relatively high share of the initial aromatic class, passenger unit prices are estimated at around $1,500-2500 (slightly below the airport shop). The results indicate that, under the neutral assumption, the size of the revenue from the downfall of the Shanghai store is expected to be around $1.21.7 billion, with maturity periods or sizes of $5 billion-7 billion.
We believe that, without taking into account the incremental space created by the return of fine items and the possibility of increasing the speed of China’s tax-exempt industry after the opening of the city’s stores, the return space of the spices is conservatively measured and fully covers the amount of revenue that will be generated by the downfall of the city’s stores.
4. Shanghai Airport: Strategic value is clear, and hedge space is sufficient for a balance of channel strategies within the city of 4.1 airport vs: airport stores are expanded and insiders are profitable.
On the other hand, smoothing off channels can also have an impact on airport performance. High-flow hub rates are rising, resulting in net interest rates for large duty-free operators.
The overall low is due to the fact that about 90% of the operations are at the airport. The increase in commissions to the airport as a percentage of sales of dufry rose from 19.5% to 27.4%, and the overall net profit level of dufry for the period 2008-2016 was poor, and the increase in commissions largely offset the improvement in the Maori rate.
And that is why investors are generally concerned about avoiding the balance of channels between airports and inner-city shops. So what is the core of the balance of channels between airports and inner-city shops in the expansion process?
Recapitulating the growth path of the international tax-exempt giants, we believe that the airport shop will be expanded, and the profits of the city’s stores will be at the heart of the balance of the channels. First, the company will grow in the future, as the hub airport of the country will continue to be exempt from tax-free operation.
The path, the need to place duty-free shops in the city, the foreign route to the country, and the international market. Looking at the growth path of international tax-free operators, we think that the dfs’ growth path is the most interesting and can be summarized as: airport shops are the cornerstone for operating, and the expansion route is built on airports.
Inner shop extensions, joint expansions and great efforts. 1) The rents of airport duty-free shops are usually very high, with airport shops as leverages, gradually extending to the international market in the inner city, and the route is highly viable:
2. Airports are strategically important as core duty-free traffic destinations, and it is more natural for the country’s travels to expand to other duty-free camps (e.g. intra-city shops). The opening of duty-free shops in such hubs as Shanghai, Beijing, Hong Kong, etc., is a self-evident strategy for raising brand image.
Of course, the growth path of other international duty-free operators can also be drawn from: 1) Overseas airport bidding is marketed and the expansion route of the country’s travel requires further efficiency gains. Quality, size and profitability of the procurement chain has been a major consideration in international airport bidding
2) For tax-exempt operators, single-airport business tends to make them unprofitable. A good market in the city is important for the anti-breathing airport and for maintaining its price advantage.
The scale effect has limited scope for marginal improvements resulting from the increase in Maori. The tax-free sector has clear economies of scale, but it is also uneconomical.
The history of boosting endogenous growth and expanding M&As has also drawn a curve from economies of scale to uneconomical. We found that when Dufry reached $3.854 billion in revenue in 2013, the Mäori rate shifted from rising to ending the era of rising returns of scale; in 2012, the income level reached $3.364 billion.
At the time of the year, the net profit had been raised and reduced to the "best size" of the operation. And the Maori rate of the tax-exempt business of dufry had remained almost stable at about 70% since 2013. Similarly, we observed that the tax-exempt business of the Chinese National Tourism in 2018 was 53.09%/+7.36pt.
The scale effect and channel integration have led to a marked improvement in the Māori rate. We believe that the margin for marginal improvement in the Māori rate as a result of the economies of scale has been reduced.
The price differentials are not obvious, both within and outside the country. Reference figure 21, we compare the prices of the main sku product categories of the most popular tax-free products in Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Japan, and South Korea.
Tax stores have the highest prices, with daily duty-free shops priced almost the same as Singapore, with an overall price index of only 1% higher, and the opening of a new duty-free business would significantly improve their profitability, thus maintaining the price advantage of the airport. With no high deductions, the city stores are expected to maintain their net profit rate at 10-15%.
Figure 46: Volume gains of dufry are increasing and constant, and the marginal improvement of Shanghai airport is possible in the context of a “feasible diversion” strategy of 4.2 hedges.
The best explanation for the competitive relationship between the airport and the city’s stores is that in the short term, the co-benefits of the fragrances flow back into the air, forming in the medium term a structure of different types of chemicals, and making long-term tax-free/refund space for large-scale products. But the uncertainty of the competitive environment of firms makes it normal that development deviates from the optimal.
The size of the insider's location is measured by a sensitivity analysis of the three elements of the tax-free shop at Shanghai airport (number of international passengers/unit prices/ penetration), with a view to analysing the edge of Shanghai airport in the context of a “feasible diversion” which shows that it is assumed that the first year of duty-free shops in the city was sold at $1.5 billion and that the industry is not aware of it.
A significant increase in space, which is expected to affect 7% of the tax-free income of Shanghai airport in the year. And an increase in international passengers at Shanghai airport, a 1.5 pct or a 2 pc or a 2 pc per capita increase in per capita passenger unit penetration, could be achieved, in our view, as long-triangular integration accelerates and opens up to the outside world, as well as a new guard.
According to the above analysis, the price advantage can be maintained, and the consumption of backflow space is still significant. The city’s duty-free shop is located in Shanghai, and the market is concerned that the city’s tax-free shop will dilute the Shanghai airport’s tax-free shop.
On the one hand, the market ignores improvements in the profitability of duty-free shops in the city. On the other hand, the anti-breeding role of airport duty-free shops (maintaining price advantages and improving operating efficiency) and on the other hand, the return of consumption to the aromatic category alone, which covers the size of duty-free shops in the city, are expected to benefit from the expansion of duty-free spaces in the short term.
The satellite hall is expected to be operational by the end of 19 years, with a budget of $21 billion reported for 18 months, a reduction of $3.4 billion to $16.7 billion, and a post-partum depreciation pressure.
On the other hand, the 19-year increase in the cost of lease-associated asset sites between $350 million and $1050 million was disclosed by associated transactions. However, the launch of the satellite hall is expected to be released at a time when 9062 square metres of exit duty-free shops will be doubled, contributing to a sustained stimulus to duty-free sales.
China’s airports are located between American and European airports, balancing public-interest and commercial attributes, and non-aerial revenue-driven companies’ growing performance. As long as the triangle is open to the outside world, international passengers at Shanghai airport will grow faster than they are.
With the liberalization of duty-free shops in the city, we maintain the company’s 19-21 year cost escalation, tax-free sales below expectations, and sudden-onset impacts.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment