2022 short-term performance pressure, opening up mid- and long-term growth space at Xingzhou base.
In the second half of the year, the chemical industry went down from a high level at the beginning of the year, and the prices of some chemical products were adjusted considerably. In the fourth quarter of the year, companies excluded the impact of non-operational expenditures, with a slight decline in the non-net profit ring and performance.
The company’s four-quarter profitability falls below the ring, mainly because raw material prices are relatively high and demand for some products is lower. In terms of product sales, sales of new energy-related products, organochlorine, fertilizer, acetic acid and derivatives are distributed separately in four quarters.
New high-end chemical projects are to be launched, with medium- and long-term growth in the company. In 2022, the company went into the construction of the project, the installation of the 200,000-ton nylon 6 device for the Ammonium and nylon New Materials Project, the replacement of capacity with the construction of 3 x 480t/h coal-fired stoves.
At the same time, the company announced plans to invest 200,000 tonnes of bdo, 160,000 tonnes of Nmp and 30,000 tonnes of biodegradable material integration, 100,000 tonnes/year acetic anhydride, and beryllium monolithic items.
Four projects are expected to invest a total of RMB 5,054 million, including RMB 3,387 million for the integration of biodegradable materials, RMB 392 million for the acetic anhydride project, RMB 734 million for the meth resin project, and RMB 541 million for the improvement project.
It is expected to generate an average annual operating income of $7.355 billion after the completion of the delivery. The market rate is 12 times higher. In recent times, coal prices have fallen and profit margins for good company products have been repaired, with expected risks; raw material prices are at high risk; and the persistent weakening of demand in the European and American economies has led to export shortfalls.
Anticipated risks: industry competition increases risks: force majeure events such as natural or man-made disasters occur. Research reports, “positive” investors are suitable only for use of a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department that have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.