The basic chemical industry has once again demonstrated core competitiveness and a two-pronged recovery of growth, and the corporate cost advantage has again been highlighted in four quarters: four quarters of the company's civil affairs under the Supreme People's Court.
1. “Industry-led profits down, new projects will be phased out — the judgement confirmed that the projected liability is $218 million, corresponding to a four-quarter deduction of approximately $936 million in net return to the mother, a decline of only 7 per cent over the ring and a much better resistance than the industry.
2. Cost control has once again gained momentum, new projects will be phased out -- the company continues to restructure its product structure in four quarters, downstream demand for acetic acid is not adequately supported, and industry supplies have increased, and a gasification unit has been overhauled in four quarters.
3. The first quarter was smooth, the multi-project layout led to development - [national goldization] reduced the sale of acetic acid, while other products, including new materials, organamine, fertilizer, increased sales of rings, led to an increase in the corporate income deficit and lower unit prices.
The most stress point for the company’s products is expected to be over: coal prices are still high in the fourth quarter, but crude oil prices are down, coal comparative advantages are not apparent, and coal prices are still high.
Most of the products are still in the bottom-of-the-profit cycle, most of the company's products have a significant downward pressure, while the company has a significant cost advantage compared to the industry, where there are already more firms with a product loss, and where the firm's product is expected to have the greatest pressure.
The power point has passed, and in the past quarter coal prices are now subject to a downward trend, and cost pressures are expected to ease, and the economy as a whole is slowly recovering after the collapse of the epidemic.
The new project is expected to start production consecutively, providing an increase in performance. The company’s pre-positioned binary acid, methyl ester carbonate, diethyl carbonate project is expected to start making a contribution in the second quarter, the Xianzhou project is expected to start in the third quarter, and the new project is expected to start in the next three quarters.
The provision of incremental performance is being continuously planned and validated for the second phase of the post-City II project, where high-end solvents and high-end new nylon 66 materials projects have been started, and the planning and construction of new materials projects for the company ' s two main bases are expected to sustain corporate growth.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Companies are affected by overall price spreads for bulk products, downswing performance in four quarters and the risk of large fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products; project construction has not progressed as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market