Wallu-Hingl (600426), double base layout, Wallu-Hingl, Wallu-Hingl, 2022 annual report: 30,245 million yuan, yoy+13.55 per cent of the year's operating income.
Wallu Hisung-chung is a modern, multi-occupational industrial enterprise with a net return profit of $6,289 million, yoy-13.30%.
At the end of the income spectrum, some of the project production is released, leading to a year-round growth in corporate income. Among these, new energy sources are gasming, synthesizing, and a number of industrial and technological platforms, such as "one-line" flexible multi-products.
Production and export volumes, total sales of plate products increased by 30.11 per cent to 1,81.29 million tons on a year-on-year basis; fertilizer operations overhauled and optimized the industrial layout, promoted the upgrading of traditional production capacities, and actively developed projects for downstream processing of synthetic gas, with stones
The oil industry’s downstream industrial chain is integrated, with high-end new material panels earning $5.995 billion annually, and the acetic acid and derivatives business revenue has fallen by between $39.17 and $2,106 million, mainly due to lower prices for urea products.
At the profit end, the price of the main bulk raw materials rose, lowering the company's overall Māori rate, delaying the increase in profits. In 2022, the company's main raw materials were coal, benzene was supplied and consumed by the market, and international energy prices changed.
The camp model, the production of multi-product chains in synergy, the continuous improvement of the integrated use of resources and the built-in advantages, the continued promotion of the extension of the industrial chain and the upgrading of the product over time by the total equity/transita (millions of shares) and the opening of new profitable growth points.
The two-base layout identifies the growth path of the company '145. The company is now entering a new cycle of growth, and the company is strategically positioned to build new projects, upgrade old projects, and store new energy sources, degradable plastics, on the one hand, at the Texas base.
On the other hand, the company has taken advantage of the opportunity to build a second base in the state of Jinzhou, which is important for the company’s medium- and long-term development and opens up room for company growth. In addition, the company’s base in the state of Jinzhou intends to further enrich the product chain.
The company is now investing a total of $5,054 million in projects related to the integration of biodegradable materials, 100,000 tons/year acetic anhydride, and meth resins.
The Division’s new energy materials-related products include, inter alia, endymamine, adipic acid, isocnool, and carbonate dimethyl esters.
The advantages of the s148051611002 are constantly increasing the efficiency of the downside, while the future of new products will continue to expand the profitability of the company.
Warlu Hisung-il (600426): Two-base layouts open up the space for growth, the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East, Liu Woo-joo.
Nine years of research experience in the chemical industry. He has served in the Research Department of China-King Corporation.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Wallu Hisung Lit (600426): The two-base layout opens up the growth space and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.