ddr5+chip double engine, q2 high performance re-innovation event: 25 years of mid-year corporate reporting, 2,633 million gross operating income in the first half of 25 years, 2nd quarter of high performance re-innovation, ddr5 2nd and 3rd generation ratio, power product
In the second quarter of the year, the company generated 2,461.168 million dollars, or 61.00 per cent/28.58 per cent, of the revenues of the Internet chip/container platform in the first quarter of the year, and 1.321 billion yuan, or 58.56 per cent, of the revenues of the second quarter of the year.
16%, up from a single quarter. The company's performance increased significantly in the first half of the year, mainly due to the high trend of artificial intelligence, the high market of the one server, the high demand downstream, the massive penetration of the ddr5, the significant release of the company's ddr5 memory interface chip and the memory module set chip, while the number 1
The second- and third-generation rcd chip production ratio increases, driving the overall memory interface and module support, the size of the chip growth, and the sale of the three high-performance chip increases substantially. The company’s product mix is based on high-speed serdes technology, the product layout is expanding. The beneficiary's server is in high demand.
The total stock/flow (billion shares) has grown significantly, with a build-up of the national production of the ai server to meet the need for expansion, a significant increase in the number of chip configurations, leading to a significant increase in the company's pcierettimer chips. The company has now launched a pcie6.x/cxl
3. xretimer chip, using autonomously developed pam4serves ip, with core advantages such as low transmission time delay and high-link budget, with maximum data transmission rate
64gt/s, and is actively moving forward with the development of the pcie 7.0 retimer chip. At the same time, the company, with its deep serdes technology reserve and client resources, actively layouts the pcieswitch chip < <dddr5 > interface for the pcieswitch chip.
< <ddr5 continuous succession. < < 3-quarterly performance > < Incidence of technology (68808) 23-year report and 24q1 prognosis of performance: turning point positive
-e-mail: zhangsj@tpyzq.com Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report