The company's assessment report for technology (688008), the ddr5 penetration rate improved on 02nd of September 2025.
— Company performance rating for 25 years 2025h1, company ddr memory interfaces and ancillary chips revenue close to $2.5 billion, a year-on-year increase of about 62%, representing 93.5% of total revenue. With ddr5 penetration rate rising from 50% last year to the current level
The Māori ratio rises to 63% with 80%, and the second and third generation generation of rcd products increase. With the second/third generation increasing, the fourth generation of products will be added to production next year, the Māori ratio is expected to remain high.
25h1, the company’s power chip camp received $294 million, an increase of 96 per cent over the same year. Pcletimmer became the main engine of growth, with revenues growing by 119 per cent over the same year, and the company’s global market share is expected to rise from 12 per cent to 14 per cent, depending on domestic market development and overseas expansion.
At the same time, the company is developing pcieswitch, benefiting clients build up and the use of the ai server is being increased. The report on the national dollar securities industry - storage industry: ai demand and production upgrades, version 3.x of the company, which is already active, is expected to start with support from the mainstream cpu/gpu platform in the second half of next year.
The first generation of mrcd/mdb is up, and the second generation is supported by Intel and amd platforms and is expected to be released in 2027-2028 by the second half of next year.
With the pc end of the new cpu platform on the market, the ckd chip is expected to be applied on a scale this year, and the industry is expected to reach a new round of large-cycle turning point 2025.01.26, which is expected to be the product of a desktop-level memory platform, with market space of approximately 238 million in 2030.
Upstream risk: ddr5 penetration rate accelerates; aipc penetration rate accelerates; downside risk: ddr5 penetration rate is less than expected; progress on the ddr5 chip slows; other systemic risks, specifically 25q2, yielding 1,411 million yuan, yoy+52.12 per cent, qoq+15.47 per cent, net return to the mother is 634 million yuan.
25h1, the company’s ddr memory interface chip and ancillary chip revenue is close to 2.5 billion, an increase of about 62% over the same year, accounting for about 93.5% of total revenue, and pct, a profit contribution of about 85% over the same period last year. The second generation and the third generation are now on the rise, the fourth generation of the company is in the midst of client certification, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to remain high in the coming year.
25h1, the company's transport chip business received $294 million, an increase of 96 per cent over the same period. pcieretamer: the business was an important driver of growth in corporate revenue, with 119 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year. In terms of market space, the company's share of the market is expected to rise to 14 per cent, with the company's current market share being lower than that of its competitors, but the company has a larger share in the domestic market.
In addition, based on its successful research and development and industrialization experience at pcieretamer, the company actively engages in the design and development of pcieswitch chips, which will benefit from the accumulation of customers at pcledated and the use of pcletimer and pcleswitch on single-stage servers, leading to an increase in the company’s use of pcletimer and pcleswitch.
Cxlxxc chip: the mxc chip will be a company's future business with greater market potential, with market space expected to rise from $0.07 billion in 2025 to $973 million in 2030, or about 169% in Cagr. Currently, a number of server vendors have introduced a memory extension or pool conversion program based on cxl, especially the Mxc chip, which is technology-infused for Samsung and Hercules. The company's cxl3.xmxc chip has completed its first edition.
The Cxl programme is expected to start in the second half of next year, with the cpu, gpu platform starting to support more than 3.0, the first generation starting this year, and the second generation now supporting the second son, mrcd/mdb, is expected to start in the second half of next year, with a massive increase in 2027-2028 due to higher transmission rates.
ckd: With the new cpu platform at the pc end on the market, the ckd chip is expected to be applied downstream this year, and after several years of penetration, it is expected to be the standard product of the desktop platform memory module, with market space of approximately $238 million in 2030.
On the basis of 1) ddr5 penetration, the company achieved an increase of more than 30% in its revenue end in 2026. 2) The share of new sub-products in the stock-up-led company is based on 1) al-chips imported into the client base and delivery fell short of expectations. 2) The company ' s new sub-product certification and import is not progressing well enough, affecting the company as a whole gross figure 3.
Figure 4: Māori and net interest rates by quarter of the company Figure 5: Roa/roe changes by quarter of the company Figure 6: Changes in cost rates per quarter of the company
Figure 7: Quarterly operations of the company with accelerated ddr5 penetration; accelerated delivery of transport chip; accelerated aipc penetration rate. ddr5 penetration rate was not as high as expected; slow progress of transport chip; other systemic risks: trade friction between Central America and the United States, border politics friction, etc.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts