The year-on-year performance has increased significantly, and we're moving to Hong Kong to raise the global profile.
Liu Ming-hwan Chen Wei-gwang achieved a year-on-year increase in business performance in the second quarter of 2025, with a record income and net profit.
A number of indicators, such as 25q2 harvests and net profits, are at an all-time high of a single quarter, in which income from the sale of interconnected chips, net profits attributable to the parent company owner, and deductions from the parent company owner are expected to generate nine consecutive quarterly round-up increases in net profits.
ddr memory interfaces and module packages have increased significantly, with high performance chip sales revenue rising on a year-on-year basis. The company is expected to achieve a significant increase in business performance in the first half of 2025, mainly as a result of: (1) benefiting from industry trends, industry demand, company demand, etc.
ddr5 memory interfaces and module packages have increased significantly, and second generation and third generation rcd chips have increased in proportion, driving company memory interfaces and module packages to be sold for significant growth in entry: (2) company three high performance chip (pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb)
The combined sales revenue of $294 million (ckd) represents a significant increase over the same period in the previous year; (3) the company ' s Māori ratio has increased over the same period in the previous year, as the share of sales of ddr5 memory interface chips and high performance chips has increased.
On July 11, the company submitted to the Hong Kong Federation an application to issue offshore shares and place them on the joint register, and to publish the application on the joint website.
In our view, this is to be done primarily in the areas of full-connected chip research and development, global business expansion, and strategic investment.
Sub-h shares are issued to help companies upgrade their global layout and commercialization capabilities, strengthen their R & D capabilities, and consolidate their technological leadership in the field of i-to-high performance interconnectivity chips. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-board.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.