:: Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) August 30, 2025, Science and Technology Bulletin semi-annual report, first half of the year
2q25 quarter operating income of 1,411 million yuan, an increase of 52.12 per cent over the same period, ring growth – leading ddr5 upscaled, based on the growth of the product pattern by the Torserdes, and firm prices compared to the depth of 300 per cent.
Companies are actively seized of the industry opportunities offered by the trend in the one industry, continuing to expand technological innovation and markets, and achieving significant growth in business performance. The company’s interconnectivity chip maintains a high rate of growth, with a current income of 2,461 million yuan, an increase of 61.00%, and the quick server platform’s product line continues to recover.
The significant growth in corporate performance in the first half of the year was mainly due to the following three factors: 1) benefiting from the trend in the i industry, high demand in the industry, significant growth in the volume of company ddr5 memory interfaces and modules, and the ratio of second- and third-generation rcd chips to second- and third-generation chips.
(b) 2) The company's three high-performance chips (pcletimer, mrcd/mdb and ckd) combined sales revenue of $294 million, a significant increase over the same period in the previous year;
3) As the share of proceeds from the sale of ddr5 memory interface chips and high performance chips increased, the overall Māori ratio of the Division rose to 60.44 per cent, an increase of 2.66 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
The rapid growth of the one server significantly boosts the need for the pcierettimer chip and the pcieswitch chip. For example, a mainstream 8-card gpu server usually requires 2 to 4 pcle switch to expand and 8 to 16 retimer to extend the cpu to outside.
. Currently, according to the 8-cargpu server scheme in part of the country, 24 retimer chips are required. As a result, the pcle interconnection chip has become an essential or missing core device in the al server and the demand for it is directly related to the delivery of the one server.
In the era of pcle5.0, technology became one of the two major global suppliers of pcle 5.0/cxl2.02 retimer chips. At present, technology has introduced pcie6.x/cxl3.x 1.
Retimer chips are sent to customers, while the development of the pcie 7.0 retimer chip is being actively advanced. According to Frost Sullivan, the global pcletimer core in 2024 benefits from ai industry trend, and the transport chip continues.
The market is characterized by a very high concentration of markets, adding technology as a newcomer to the market, ranked second in the world with 10.9 per cent of its market share.
The core bottom technology of the pcieswitch chip and pcieretimemer chip includes the serdes technology and the high overlap between the two client groups. The immediate clients are mainly server oem/odm manufacturers, and end users are mainly cloud computing providers.
In the process of technology and the industrialization of the pcierettimer chip, the company has accumulated a deep stock of serdes technology and a wide range of customer resources, laying a solid foundation for the pcieswitch chip. The company based its successful research and development and industrialization of the pcierettimer chip.
The design and development of the pcieswitch chip is actively under way. The cxlxxc chip, as the third type of equipment defined in the cxl protocol, is used primarily for memory extension and memory poolization and can be used effectively to enhance memory capacity and bandwidth to meet cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
Demand for data-intensive applications. Companies and partners continue to promote the commercial use of cxl technology, and more server manufacturers have launched an extended cxl memory program based on mxc chips, with cxl associated ecology gradually maturing. In January 2025, the company mxc
The chip was successfully selected into the first cxl2.0 compliance list published by the Cxl Alliance, and the memory manufacturer, the tristar electron and sk-Helsi, were selected during the same period, and their measured products, using technology-included mxc chips, amply highlighted the company ' s continued leadership in this area.
More than expected: ddr5 penetration rate: new technologies should not be used as expected: geopolitics affect supply chain stability: increased competition in the market. Using legitimate compliance information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.