Mid 2022: A 41% increase in the net profit from the mother, and a peak in performance on 31st of August 2022.
In the first half of 2022, the company earned $14.806 billion, an increase of 46.83 per cent, and the mother's net profit of $651 million, a positive increase.
In April of that year, a joint venture with Beijing Steel Research Gona Aviation Parts Ltd. was set up in Xi An Steel Research, Beijing. The main industry in Qana is research and development of high-temperature metal materials and alloys. This replenishment helped the Department to optimize the supply chain layout and reduce manufacturing and management costs.
The stock transfer of 80 per cent of the stock held by the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Intruding Company was carried out in such a way that it was designed to concentrate resources on aviation engine operations, to optimize the company’s business structure, to accelerate the industrial focus and to improve the efficiency of the use of stock assets, in line with the strategic development needs of the company.
▪ The only lead company in the air engine industry chain with a single full-air terminal, whose performance growth has benefited from high frequency consumption and maintenance by air-engineers.
Business support. The company is the only company in the country that can develop a full spectrum of military aeronautics, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, pistons, etc. due to lifetime limitations and vulnerability to damage.
The ratio is ready to be replaced at any time, and the current level of training is high and has increased in intensity and motor damage.
The spectrometry is expanding, and the boom is moving up, and the profits forecast and investment rating: based on the high profile of the 1450 military industry and the company's leading position in the shipping chain, without considering the increased volume of maintenance operations and the increased profit elasticity of state-owned reforms.
Production and delivery are below expectations; 4) reform of state enterprises is progressing below expectations.