Mid-2022: Increased share of new products, faster delivery, 47 per cent increase in harvests and higher rate of innovation; increase in share of new products, declining Māori rate, cost rate 2022h1, corporate revenue of $14.806 billion (+46.83 per cent), higher rate of innovation, Māori rate
The potential high share of raw materials and the continuous maturity of the process have had some impact on the Māori rate. The company’s net profit of 651 million yuan (+41.21%) has been maintained at a high rate of increase, with a net profit model effect gradually emerging, while the cost of repairs in management costs is 007 million yuan, the same as last year.
If you have not reached the closing time, you have not transferred to the cost.
In addition, corporate investment earnings of $169 million represent an increase of $126 million over the same period last year. In order to improve the efficiency of the use of public funds, companies have made reasonable use of idle funds for cash management, and during the reporting period they have accumulated $8 billion in cash management products.
The stock turnover rate has increased and delivery has accelerated; there are sufficient hand orders and high demand levels have continued to grow, with a larger share of raw materials, products, commodities, raw materials of $5,082 million, commodities issued, $1.962 billion, an increase of $815 million compared to the beginning of the period.
0.56, the highest year-on-year ratio in the last five years, with a rapid shift in stock week, progressive delivery. The corresponding revenue for the performance obligations that have been signed, but not yet fulfilled, or not fulfilled, is $47,674 million, of which $14,698 million is expected to be recognized in 2022.
The product structure has been continuously restructured and the performance of the subsidiaries has been divided; the dawn company has grown by 95.11 per cent and the profit margin has fallen.
The non-aerial business market is not very competitive and is under considerable pressure, and the subsequent company will collect $4.11 billion (+22.90 per cent) for low-value-added products and realize a net profit of $395 million (+7.34 per cent). The dawn company is mainly engaged in aviation engines, gas turbines, etc., and its products are widely assembled.
The profits are $238 million (+692%) at a higher rate than the growth rate, with a larger number of new products at dawn, a larger share of new processes, new materials, and a relatively lower rate of Maori in the short term. The company’s main product in the South is a vortex engine and a piston engine, among others, which is widely used in various types of helicopters.
Operating income of 2,986 million yuan (+361 per cent) and total profit of 159 million yuan (+49.95 per cent). The main product of the Leyang Division is three generations of medium-powered aviation engines, and the operating income of 1,306 million dollars in the reporting period promotes small nuclei, large-scale collaboration, joint high-quality suppliers, strong chains, active disposal, low-capacity production, etc.
On June 24, 2022, a joint venture was launched between China's pilot and Steel Research Gona.
Lissian Steel Research, Gona Aviation Parts Ltd., which is funded by assets and holds 32.03 per cent of the shares, this collaboration opens up a new model of deep collaboration between the pilot plant and core strategic suppliers; introduces nuclear core strategic suppliers to upgrade their production capacity, and has a more positive impact on corporate productivity, supply chain security, etc.
At the same time, the company announced on August 27 that it was going to sign up to transfer 80% of the stock of the fully-owned subsidiary, the company would earn $69 million in 2021, a small gain, and a loss in 2020. This move would make it possible to improve the efficiency of the use of stock assets, optimize the structure of the company’s business, and optimize the company’s business structure.
As a result of this transfer, Shining Company showed up. Aerial engine lead business, delivery speed; increased profitability expected after product stabilization. Aerial engine technology is a manifestation of the status of the major powers and the combined power of the nation, and it is a battle for modern aeronautics.
A slight high point is an essential element of modern defence and an important support for economic and social development. Externally, there is still a gap in our capacity to develop aviation engines at a more advanced level in the world, and the level of development of aviation engines lags behind the development of aviation equipment and does not fully meet the demands of the civil-military market.
There is still no fundamental change in the international pattern of the aviation engine industry. Domestically, the preparation of domestic aeronautics will result in an accelerated phase-out of one or two generations of aircraft, a steady delivery of three generations of aircraft, a four-generation development, and a five-generation pre-research acceleration, which offers a good opportunity for the company to develop its military aeronautics products.
Aerial power is the only enterprise in the country that can develop a complete spectrum of turbojets, vortex fans, vortexes, vortexes, pistons, etc.
Service guarantee capability; total pilot capacity of one, two, and three generations of aviation engines and gas turbines and four and five generations of machine test capability.
The advanced domestic air engine production lines of the manufacturing process are at the domestic lead in such areas as precision casting, precision exercise, boxing, gold-forming, whole foliage and powder-plating, motion-axis processing and testing, heat-spray coating preparation, materials production, high-speed balancing and digital assembly.
It takes some time for companies to increase their profits and credits, depending on their long product development cycles, technological difficulties, and high input costs. But companies will maintain a sustained and stable growth trend, with their product structure and maturity, delivery and production systems gradually improving, and people are better structured.
In the first half of 2022, a 47-per-cent increase in ship-driven revenue and a high rate of innovation; an increase in the share of new products; a decline in the Māori rate; a decrease in the cost rate; and a slight drop in net interest rates. An increase in stock turnover and an increase in delivery rates;
The power of the ship continues to drive small nuclei, large collaborations, combining high-quality suppliers, high-strength chains; actively disposing, disciplining inefficient assets, focusing on core capacity-building. The power of the ship is the only industry in the country that develops military engines across the spectrum, and it is also a pilot.
The branding and market position of the single platform under the umbrella of aviation power as a whole is prominent. Although limited to the long-cycle development of the aviation engine industry, the technical difficulties and the high cost of input, it takes some time for companies to grow in profit and credit.
As the structure of the company ' s products upgrades and matures, the delivery and production systems evolve, the human structure is optimized and cost engineering progresses, the quality of the company ' s economic performance will continue to improve, with the expectation that the product will become more profitable once it stabilizes.
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital-related and so on, will not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is not about citizens or residents of any area, country or other jurisdiction who intend to send, or for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report, China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations, or to subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities. No material, contents or copies of this report may be made available to any other person without prior written authorization from China.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.