The company published its semi-annual report for 2022 on 26 August. According to the announcement, the company achieved operating income in the first half of the year.
• The main operations of the company are divided into three categories: aviation engines and derivatives operations, foreign trade export sub-contractors, non-aeronautical products and other operations. The main products and services are aviation engines and gas turbines.
The company’s prices are compared to the trend of 300 miles deep, which is used to power aircraft and ships.
Revenue from the operation of empty engines and derivatives was $13,699,538.9 million, a year-on-year increase. From the position of the industrial chain, the company ' s aviation engine and derivative operations cover the entire industrial chain, including the five branches of development, production, testing, marketing, maintenance and security: foreign trade export turn-over operations.
In the middle of the industrial chain, mainly in production and manufacturing, participating in the testing of parts and components of a new international civil aviation engine: companies and subsidiaries are also actively expanding domestic civil aircraft power markets and establishing equity firms to help optimize supply chain layouts
On 22 April 2022, the company ' s tenth board of directors, at its twelfth meeting, considered and adopted the Bill on the Establishment of Share-in-Stakeholder Companies to Invest Out, and agreed to co-finance the company ' s establishment of the Xian Gang Air Parts Company Ltd.
The company proposes to establish a participating company, Xi'an Steel Research Gona Air Parts Ltd., with 204/equipment assets and 9 intangible assets (note: as of April 2021), this transaction will help the company optimize the configuration of the supply chain and reduce its manufacturing and management performance
Ben. No significant impact on the company’s financial position and the results of its operations during the current year. On 24 June 2022, Xi'an Steel Research Gona Air Parts Ltd. completed the business registration process and obtained an operating licence from the Market Management Supervisory Authority of Xi'an City.
• Associated transactions in 2022 will make a commensurate contribution to the growth of the company's business income and profits. On 8 January 2022, the company issued a “Announcement on ongoing association transactions in 2022 with actual controllers and their associates”.
The suppliers of qualified raw materials, the users of the products are mostly the Air Industry Group, the China Air Company, and a certain number of related transactions will take place each year with the Air Industry Group and its subsidiaries, China Air Transport and its subsidiaries.
More generous and necessary for the company's day-to-day production, new related transaction agreements are often concluded.
The company has the leading technology and capability in the industry, and has the capability to construct, manufacture, assemble, test vehicle packages and provide integrated engine services covering the entire life cycle of the product.
Advanced aeronautic engine production lines in the country from wool production to parts processing, bulk-loading test vehicles covering the entire process of manufacturing aeronautics, mastering the panoply of aviation engines and gas turbine assembly, testing vehicles, repair capability, precision casting, precision exercise, boxing, makin' gold formation, whole
The foliage and powder plate manufacturing, motion axle processing and testing, thermal spray coating preparation, incremental materials manufacturing, high-speed balance and digital assembly are at the forefront of the country's leadership and provide a solid technological reserve for the development of the country's aviation engine, leading to a higher quality in the disciplines involved.
The company has built digitalized workshops such as leaves, boxes, assembly, etc.; turbo blades, large fan blades, exercise, central cavity processing, etc.: production lines for pulse assembly: with a State-approved Centre for Research on Material Testing, a Centre for Non-destructive Testing, a Centre for Metrology Testing, a provincial engineering laboratory.
Technology research and development platforms, joint universities, universities, universities, etc., have established several joint laboratories. Companies have been able to upgrade and upgrade their intelligent manufacturing industries, promoting greater integration of information and industrialization, and capp, mbd and pdm technologies have been widely applied in process design and are turning to digitalization.
In the area of patents and generic technologies, companies build up innovative enterprises, invest in research and development systems, work to upgrade models and build capacity; develop a mutually supportive R & D system for corporate products, technology and talent: technological innovation and model guarantees are important, keeping track of frontiers, subversion.
Technology, continuous breakthroughs and mastery of key core technologies, upgrading the maturity and common base of key technologies 198, of which 198 were invention patents, military goods orders below expectations and products delivered below expectations.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.