Arithmetic pcb, which will take over the tide of the 'ai' incident on March 25th, 2023: On March 23, the company released its annual 2022 report, which generated 833.6 billion yuan a year.
Growth of 12.37% over the same period; net return of 1.362 billion yuan, or 28.03% over the same period; growth of the economy without fear and a negative performance. Demand in the pcb sector is 4q22 ring \triangleright, influenced by global economic fluctuations
The \triangleright orders of the terminal are concentrated in 4q22, and the business communications board will collect $5,495 million in 22 years, an increase over the same period.
At present, chtagpt ignites the arithmetic needs of the future with the opening of large models, the fall of the ai application scene, Lee Xiaoqing, ai servers, over 400g switches, etc. terminals that are expected to grow at a high rate and require large sizes,
High-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb products are fields of deep cultivation and excellence. Currently, the Division ' s products in the egs level server area have been scaled up, with a new-generation server platform pcb layering up to 18 floors with a further increase in value; and accelerated modules such as gpu, oam, fpga
Productions and products for ubb, baseboard have been shipped in bulk and are currently being prepared for use in ubb2.0, oam2.0 products for the 2022 ubble shares (002463.sz); and products for the 800g switch have been delivered in small quantities.
(002463.sz) Event evaluation: \triangleright \triangleright 2. \triangleright: Consumption
Billion yuan, 12.8 per cent more than year-on-year, representing 23 per cent of corporate revenue; influenced by the rise in the price of raw materials and the achievement of Mao Weibo, technology investment aid vehicle market layouts - 2022/12/Add.1 - are gradually being upgraded to multi-storey, high-frequency hdi, high-speed, etc.
3. The tri-quarter reporting point in 2022 has continuously upgraded the product structure, millimetre wave radars, autopilot aids using hdi, intelligent airspace controllers, ceramics buried, thick copper and other emerging products, and has already produced a volume of 800v high pressure pcb products.
In mid-2022, the board of directors of the same day of the publication of the annual report agreed to raise the money and, upon completion of the transaction, to hold 80 per cent of the shares of the winning policy directly.
By indirectly holding 3.948 per cent of the shares through Schweizer, the realization and consolidation helped the company achieve the technical layout of p2pack in the area of hybrid, pure electric motor drivepcb. 5. In-depth report on the share of electricity (002463.sz)
Investment Recommendations: Given the high demand for arithmetic pcb, we have increased the company's capacity, increased the industry's capacity, sailed to 2022/07/1 and maintained a “recommended” rating for long-term growth.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.