Performance meets expectations, ai-driven communication board speeds up the distribution of power shares (002463.sz) recommended (first time)
In 2022, the company’s pcb business generated $7,931 million, a year-on-year increase.
12.36 per cent; with further optimization of the product structure of the pcb operation, the Māori rate rose to 31.72 per cent, an increase of 3.22 pct over the same period.
Increased structural demand in emerging markets such as high-speed network equipment, data storage, high-performance computers and artificial intelligence (ai) compensates for the weak demand for the product pcb from the 5g base station and the increasing price competition. As domestic outbreak control measures are adjusted, there is a backlog of end demand.
The order was executed and the company’s stock of products was digested. The company’s communications board was collected in 2022. The development of the i industry, represented by chhatgpt in 2023, is expected to usher in a new wave, which is expected to be the main driving force for the future development of the electronics industry, routers, data storage, ai acceleration.
Server products are expected to grow at a high rate, leading to a strong demand for large-scale, high-level, high-level hdi, and high-frequency high-speed pcb products, benefiting company communications board operations. Automotive board operations are back on track and companies are expanding their capacity.
The high prices of raw materials have been affected by factors such as the pressure on the company ' s motor panel operations to operate, a decrease of 0.76 per cent in revenue on a year-on-year basis, and the full release of the company ' s additional production capacity on the Yellowstone panel line during the second half of the year, as the supply chain recovers and market demand improves.
In 2022, the company’s motor panel business generated $1.897 billion, an increase of 12.80% over the same year, and Māori micro-electricity will target investments to accelerate and effectively expand high-level hdi production capacity. The investment proposal, Prismark, expects a 4.13% decline in global pcb output by the same year in 2023.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of work experience in securities, which was held in the Department of Marine Certificates, National Letters, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.