:: Summary of events: 1 February, with the release of a fast-track report on the 2022 performance of the Xuan Xuan Xing, the year-round revenue was $8.336 billion, an increase of 12.36 per cent compared with the previous year; net return to the mother was $1,361 million, an increase of 28 per cent compared with the previous year
Clients speed up their inventory for digestion, with 22 years of overperformance. The high e-car climate and the structural demand for pcb from the emerging \triangleright landscape drive companies to outperform expectations throughout the year.
The shortfall has improved, clients have begun to speed up the delivery of pre-existing backlogs, and the stock created by companies as a result of the backlog of orders has gradually been digested, leading to a four-quarter growth in corporate single receipts. 4q22 companies achieved revenues of 2,572 million yuan, an increase of 28.17 per cent over the previous period, and the ring growth of 26.85 per cent over the same period.
The company focuses on the structure of the product, and \triangleright \triangleright provides a high Māori advantage. As the high end rises, the average unit price of the company’s product continues to rise, folding the copper plate.
The decline in the price of raw materials, and the integration of production and management resources resulting from the transfer of capacity to the Yellowstone plant, reached 31.72% of company pcb operations in 22 years, an historic increase of 3.22 pct.
Li Xiaoqing's higher profits led to faster growth, with 4q22 achieving a net return profit of $440 million, equal to growth, better motor panels, higher-end upgrades of technological power products. Cloud computing, big data, ai.
Developments in areas such as \triangleright accelerate the global digital transformation, with 400 gbps and higher speed data centres and servers producing high-performance pcb demand from products, after many years of research and development, client accumulation, and products in the market.
1. The power share (002463.sz) event rating: the holding of the shares is maintained as a leader. Pcb is a high-speed material application, processing density, and a powerful policy compared to the previous generation of platform products.
With regard to the motor panels, the company and its customers are in the new energy car 3 system, autopilot, smart cabins, and car connections.
In-depth collaboration among the networks, etc., has a competitive advantage on high-end pcb in areas such as adas, power system electrification, auto electronics architecture, applied to 4d vehicle-borne radars, autopilot domain controllers, smart-barrel domain control 3.  (002463.sz) shares in 2022:
Products such as car-mounted gateways have been produced in volume. The company has been able to make further arrangements by holding the shares to win the two tracks of cars, leading technological advances to 2022/08/p2pack, helping to solve the problems of pcb technology such as hybrid/pure power-drive systems.
4. In-depth report on power shares (002463.sz): the strength and determination of the motor panels of the motors, which grew, and the industry sailed away from 2022/07/1.
Investment proposals: In view of the optimal upgrading of the company ' s product structure, the strong demand in the automobile board market, the large customer \triangleright well imported, the firm ' s profit expectations are raised, and net return profits are expected to be realized in 22/23/24
The Division maintains the “recommended” methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions in the context of the global digital transformation and long-term growth in the wave of motor power and intelligence, and is responsible for the content and perspectives of the present report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.