The structural demand for electricity (002463.sz) is strong, with a 28 per cent increase in the net return to the mother year-on-year and 1,361 million yuan in the net return to the mother, or 28.00 per cent increase in the year-on-year.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn pcb benefited from a strong downstream structural demand, with a 12 per cent increase in revenue from the same year. In 2022, company pcb achieved an operating income of approximately $7,931 million, an increase of 12.36 per cent.
Further optimization, the company’s pcb business Māori ratio rose to approximately 31.72%, an increase of approximately s098052210001.3.22pt over the same period the previous year.
Emerging computing scenes such as artificial intelligence raise structural demand for high multilayers; 2) demand for high-end pcb in new energy cars continues to rise; product upgrading + efficiency optimizes profitability. Companies rely on the balanced layout of their products, as well as years of deep cultivation.
High-level products and mass production technologies, while further integrating production and management resources, accelerating the transfer of pcb products from the 22nd floor of the plant and low- and medium-level carboard products of the plant to the Yellowstone plant in order to respond to price competition; and upgrading and targeting of the plants, bottlenecks associated with the plant and critical processes
Expanding to respond to product upgrading and emerging market demand; on the other hand, starting to invest in new production bases in Thailand, increasing the layout of overseas production bases to better exploit and respond to the demand of overseas markets. Short-term corporate communications market boards have slowed down, with long-term logic.
Demand in emerging market areas such as data storage, high-speed operating servers, etc., is continuing, but the demand associated with the construction of the 5g base station is still weak. In the long run, demand for product upgrades is stable, server platforms are stable from pcie 4.0 to grade pcie 5.0, and switchboard products are stable from 100 g to 400g.
Inch products have been produced in bulk, high-level smart-net card products based on pcie 5.0 interfaces and 200/400g ports have entered the sampling phase, and technology related to the single channel 112gpbs has been developed.
For $776 million, technology upgrades are being implemented for auto electron pcb. The company currently provides products to Tier 1 manufacturers, including the mainland, Bo, for more than 10 years, and some directly to end-use new energy vehicles brand manufacturers.
Products such as devices, vehicle gateways, etc. have been produced. With the optimization of product structure and the upstream ccl price, the share of power (002463, sz)-q3 has grown steadily, product structure upgrade support has declined, and the company’s profitability is expected to recover.
Technology, layout, p2pack technology, and high frequency plate of 77ghz mm wave radar (HFC) for the production of vehicles. Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed increase (billions, %) Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and speed increase (billions, %)
Figure 4: Quarterly net profit and rate of increase for companies (billion yuan, %)
Figure 8: Corporate Mäori Rate, Net Interest Rate, Cost Rate (%)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject