To promote new product R & D and expansion of production capacity, macro warming to perform and value Davis, IT technology hardware and equipment, new product development and expansion, macro warming to perform and value Davis.
Events: Tri-Coopers published the 2018 report, which generated $3.75 billion in 2018. This year, in the context of the trade war crisis and the downside of the macro, and property loss of $6.44851 million, performance growth of 21.72 per cent was still significant.
Quarterly benefits from mlcc price hikes and pkg, base plate expansion, ceramic backshells for customers, and new products are contributing to revenue; on the other hand, the in-house strengthening of R & D, lower costs and efficiency, and the in-house capacity of companies are further enhanced.
Continued increase in R & D costs and investment of R & D talent, increased automation and efficiency, increasing the number of protected cities to 281 in 1,743/1,651, and increased recruitment of highly educated personnel by companies and R & D
To strengthen research and development of specialized equipment and automated production lines, the company has set up a design complex based on the three-ring group of the Institute (300408), which carries out research and development of specialized equipment and automated production lines.
-30408 - Performance Review - 2018 Reverse city growth, trade war détente and macro-temperature drive for faster corporate growth - 20190228
The increase to 378.7 million in 2018 shows that the efficiency of corporate automation has been improved. Even in the lower-mortality period, the firm ' s R & D investment has been increasing, R & D is developing and is in reserve, the Trio Group (300408).
Much of the new products will continue to be rolled out in the future, automating efficiency gains to ensure long-term growth. The 1804 performance has been delayed, the import substitution and the expansion of new capacity have been accelerated, and the four-quarters of the economy has been dragged by the macroeconomic downturn, which has now hit the ground.
Crossing, ceramic backhell downstream applications are expected to break out of mlcc, with ceramic tablets in an expansion of capacity and increasing market share of products. The macroeconomic downturn began in the fourth quarter of 2018, when orders were reduced, and they have now stopped.
With macroeconomic warming, downstream production will enter the replenishment cycle, and corporate performance will return to the growth path as capacity is released and capacity is used. Cracks, backhells, and new products will be the bright light of next year’s growth.
Construction of 5g, with a further increase in demand; backshell, the main supplier of the three-star s10 series of ceramic backhells; the company has made great progress in the backshell process compared to 2018, introducing new products in colour, texture and surface treatment to meet the needs of high-end mobile phone diversity.
This year, more customers are expected; new products, machetes, mammoths, sawpkg have been certified by their clients and have been contributing since 19; nitrogen-based aluminum tablets and hot printheads will start next year, and clients will be rolled out, imported gradually, to contribute to their performance.
Research and development to create advanced “materials plus” platforms with high barriers, product gradients developed in an orderly and robust manner, new products developed and energy expanded, macro-heating performance and valuation of Davis double-click long-term growth determinations. We have always emphasized the high level of tri-ring group construction through materials plus equipment plus processes.
Barrier platforms, product scalability, product-scaling and global market openings through endogenous + extension. Product gradients are reasonable, robust and medium- and long-term development is expected, and the future market value is hundreds of millions of dollars.
Bringing steady cash flow; fast-growing products including ceramic appearances, enveloped base, mlcc, basestones, fuel cells, ceramic machetes, voltage jet valves, electronic magma, leading to medium-term growth; reserve products including power reactors, heat-sensitive head printing, new magma, etc., leading to long-term company growth
Investment Recommendations and Ratings: Considering the downside of the macroeconomy, we set down the tri-ring group profit forecast, pushing for new product R & D and output expansion.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.