The performance of ceramic specialists has increased steadily, and mlcc is expected to take over 5 g east wind 20 April 2019: the company issued its annual report 2018 on 19 April 2019.
Three hundred and fifty billion yuan, representing an increase of 19.82 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of 1,319 million yuan, representing an increase of 21.72 per cent in the same year; Wei Hongme's 5g process, which accelerated the rapid penetration of corporate products.
In 2018, the company continued to focus on light communications.
Related products. The scale of sales of company-related products continued to increase with the rapid growth of the light communication market. During the reporting period, corporate communications components increased by 4.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 5g was the beginning of a social move towards digitalization and informatization.
During the reporting period, demand for electronic components and materials continued to flourish, with companies relying on their technological advantages and goods.
In the reporting period, there was an increase of 95.21 per cent in corporate electronics and materials operations, and 4.16 per cent in communications components operations. Environmentally affected industries recorded a decrease of 21.08 per cent in semiconductor components operations.
In 2018, the Māori sales rate increased by 5.6 percentage points in the same year, while the Māori sales rate for the carrier components increased by 2.64 percentage points in the same year, to 43.21 per cent.
In December, the lowest price (in yuan) of ceramic experts accelerated the development of mlcc.
Filtering and storage functions as basic electronic components. With the rapid development of the world electronics industry, and to meet the demand for miniaturization, high capacity, high reliability and low cost of electronic instruments and products, mlcc, as the base element for electronics, has generated more demand for electronics as the 5g spread has generated a demand for electronics.
There has been an increase in the demand sector of mlcc. The company has developed a deep field of electronic ceramics, actively promoting new product specifications, research and development and upgrading the quality of its original products, relying on technological and brand advantages accumulated over the years, and expanding its new clients.
The company’s performance is expected to improve steadily as electronic products increase, and the company’s performance is expected to benefit. Investment proposal: maintain a recommended rating. Due to the company’s strong accumulation of technology in the field of electronic ceramics.
The company’s products will be widely applied in the future, and will support the company’s future performance. Thus, the “market index” reference point of this rating system is 300 indexes.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.