The company's annual report for 2018 published: in 18 years, the company's operating income was $5,044 million, a +h double financing channel, expanding its capacity to take over the lithium pioneers.
The growth rate of 96.27% over the same period was 96.27%. The lower Māori rate affected the company’s profits.
The market value of the pre-currenta shares (millions of dollars) is expected to reduce the company’s financial pressure in the future, and new projects have been put into production in an orderly manner and the associated capacity has been further enhanced.
A relatively deep 300 index performance of each share has been made available to the global lithium mine, new projects have been created to respond to future market demand, corporate revenue and profits are expected to increase: companies now hold a large share of upstream lithium resources, and Australia's moon
Marion, pilgangoora and Ningdu Rivers in Jiangxikan have come into production, Mariana, cauchari-olaroz in Argentina and avalonia in Ireland are being developed, and in 19 years the company has been granted the right to pre-screen prospecting for a deep-water lithium mine in the Qinghai region.
The market for lithium products is vast, with companies producing 25,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide per year, 600 million watt-hours-a-year lithium ion-power batteries, 175,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, etc., steadily pushing forward to respond to rapid growth in future demand.
Helping companies to improve their industrial competitiveness and profitability. Stable blue-backed customer resources, company adaptive and stable: companies have long-term strategic relationships with blue-backed customers, including global frontline battery suppliers and global leading car oems.
The company signed strategic contracts with Tesla, German BMW, Korean lig chemistry, etc. According to the agreement, in 18-20, the company will provide Tesla with 20% of the total capacity of battery-grade lithium carbonate; Over the next five years, the company will supply lithium to the battery or material supplier designated by the BMW in Germany.
Industrial products; 19-25 years, the company sold lithium hydroxide products to lig chemistry. It can be seen that the public administration is taking the lead in the development of new energy vehicles.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We expect that in 19-21 years, the net return profits of the company will be: summer boom risk, overseas operating risk, industry demand less than expected risk.