The Māori Ring continues to decline, with market-financed expansion projects a+h - the Lithium industry's first-quarter review of corporate performance was smooth in the first quarter of 2019, with a net return to the mother of $253 million (Yoy+6.22 per cent)
Quarterly reports issued by the company in 2019: 1.330 billion yuan (yoy+26.65 per cent) in operating income in the first quarter of 2019, 253 million yuan (yoy+6.22 per cent) in net profit from the mother, deducting net profits from the back-to-home provider, guaranteeing a stable upstream supply of resources through equity participation and cooperation, and significant expansion of processing capacity.
We expect to continue to benefit from the development of the new energy sector. We expect that the company’s net profit in 2019-2021 will be released in private as port shares, while a share is publicly available as convertable corporate bonds.
In addition, the company intends to release a share conversion company, which will be used to raise funds for the purchase of shares in Minaexar, the expansion of the new 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxylide and the replenishment of liquidity.
• Working with the German public to sign a strategic agreement to target the needs of downstream customers The company has signed a Memorandum of Strategic Cooperation with the German public, according to which the company will supply lithium chemical products to the German public and its suppliers over the next 10 years, which will be the product of an electric motor vehicle programme for the German public.
In addition to the agreement on the supply of lithium materials, the public in Germany will cooperate with companies on future issues such as battery recovery and solid-state batteries, and the signing of this memorandum has had a positive impact on the company’s business performance over the next decade.
• Replenishment of between meraexar and 50% equity to advance the strategy of industrial chain integration
US$ 16 million for the purchase of 141,016,944 new shares of meraexar. Mineraexar owns 25 thousand annual production capacity in the Cuuchari-olaroz Lithium Lake project in the department of Jujuy, Argentina.
The reported performance is slightly lower than expected, with guaranteed capacity release of tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate scheduled for production in 2020.
Lithium acid production capacity was expanded to 40,000 tons per year, and the quarterly report met expectations that sufficient supplies of raw materials, production and debt transferability could result in the risk of dilution of each share of the proceeds.