The Lithium industry has been under pressure for a quarter to finance the expansion of production and the deepening of the layout. The company issued a quarterly report in 2019, making a profit of $253 million in one quarter, an increase of 6.22 per cent in comparison with that of the public.
The Division issued public-issue a-conversion company bond plans and a new h-issue scheme, which contributed to the consolidation of the firm ' s core competitiveness; and maintained an increased rating.
Quarterly reports on the realization of operating income of 1,330 million yuan, an increase of 26.65 per cent over the same period; net profits for shareholders belonging to listed companies of 253 million yuan, an increase of 6.22 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities of 234 million yuan, a significant change from the net outflows of the previous quarter.
The company’s performance in a quarterly report is largely in line with expectations. The proposed public release of a share is not to exceed $2.15 billion: the company issues a share in a publicly released plan for swapping corporate bonds, raising a total of not more than $2.15 billion for the purchase of meraexar.
Some of the company ' s equity projects (US$ 1,072 million), tons of lithium salt conversion expansion projects (US$ 473 million), replenishment of liquidity (US$ 605 million). Mineraexar has high-quality salt lake resources, actual measurements and instructions 17.98 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent combined with the first phase of the planned production year of 25,000 tons of batteries.
The company intends to increase the annual production of 25,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide to 50,000 tons, and the investment schedule from 500 million to 766 million yuan.
It aims to further increase the stock of upstream resources of the company, reduce the cost of raw materials, increase the size of the company’s products, bind high-quality clients at home and abroad, and consolidate the vanguard of the industry. It is distributed separately to the chairman, Li Lianbin, and the deputy chairman, Wang Xiaosheng, who invests, controls or designates the subjects.
Li Lianbin, a company of up to 12.5 million shares, will be used to invest in the company's mineral resources, develop and replenish its operating funds, after deducting the relevant distribution costs.
The global demand for new energy vehicles, which is based on market prices as at 30 April 2019, is not as high as expected; the LIXM project is not as productive as expected; the new smelting capacity is not as productive as expected; and the price of lithium is falling far above expectations.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business. Non-ferrous metals: rare metals.