The decline in lithium prices has slowed performance and steadily expanded upstream resources The company issued its first quarterly report in 2019, which achieved business income of $1.33 billion for the company of 2019q1, an increase of 26.65 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $253 million for the mother, an increase of 6.22 per cent over the same period;
At the same time, the company announced the public release of a debt-transferable plan to raise up to $2.15 billion for the purchase of a share in the milleraexar company, the tons of lithium salt rehabilitation project, and so on. The price of lithium salt dropped sharply, leading to a decline in the Māori rate, yielding an equity gain of $80 million.
The fall of 49% over the same period, and the sharp fall in lithium salt prices led to a fall in the company ' s Māori rate in the quarter of the year to 21.36%. The large difference between net non-net interest and net return is due to corporate q1.
The acquisition of part of the shares of the Argentine company Minaexar will enhance the company’s control over quality lithium resources.
The total amount of debt available for this transfer is not more than $2.15 billion, of which $1.07 billion is for the purchase of about 140 million new shares in the merera exar, and the remaining $1.08 billion is for the tons of lithium salt expansion project and the replenishment of mobile funds 3.
Kim. If the stock acquisition deal is completed, the company’s all-owned grandkids company’s share in Minaexar will rise to 50%. Mineraexar owns Argentina’s cauchari-laroz lithium lake project, which has a capacity of 11.8 million tons of lithium in the first phase of the project.
The production of 25,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year is planned for 2020, with a long-term capacity of 40,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate, which is expected to become one of the lowest production costs for lithium halogenated water at the global level. Subscribe high-quality customers, recognized by world-class companies.
BMW and Tesla have signed a supply contract/strategic cooperation agreement. On April 7, the company issued a circular on the signing of a memorandum of strategic cooperation with the German public, which will supply the German public and its suppliers with lithium chemical products over the next 10 years.
In our view, not only can companies join forces with world-class car giants continue to change (8675583830558), but it is more evident that companies are recognized as world-class companies as leading companies in the lithium industry.
There is a long-term, far-reaching positive impact on companies’ future development. Past intellectual effort to watch economic growth slows down the risk of lithium demand: the risk of a significant decrease in lithium carbonate prices.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment