A 25 per cent increase in non-net profit deductions; a contribution from the large aircraft industry to the development of new dynamic energy (Yoy+6.5 per cent); a net profit of 270 million yuan for mothers (Yoy+15.7 per cent); a net profit of 280 million yuan for non-mortality, with an increase in profit margin levels and cost control capacity.
♪ Triangleright Yoon Cao Wei ♪ ♪ Triangleright ♪
Zhao Bo-hwan is the result of the payment of VAT and surcharges for the current period; 7) net cash flow from business activities is $9.14 billion, and the net cash flow is $9.14 billion.
During the same period the previous year was -6.79 billion, mainly as a result of the increase in advance payments for goods purchased during the current period. \triangleright related transactions, 1) Associated procurement, acceptance of services: 23 years of associated purchases, acceptance of services expected by companies
The amount of business is 26.8 billion yuan, an increase of 22% in real terms over the 23-year period. Host plant connection purchases are more prescriptive, with a 28% increase in revenue for q4; the 24-year associated purchases are expected to be on schedule.
2. Air China (000768.sz) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2023, $10.8 billion, scheduled to be delivered in instalments in 2024-2031. The company has assumed the new boat series, c919, rating: 3q23 net profit growth of 37% over the same period; cost control
Development of key core components such as the ag600, arj21 airframes, wings, etc., are also the largest supplier of airframe structures for the above-mentioned type of aircraft. The company has made clear in its 2024 business plan the organization of c919 products.
China Air West (000768.sz) reported in mid-2023 that the development of cable capacity and the continued development of the large aircraft industry would contribute to the development of new dynamical energy for companies.
The company’s performance may or may be expected to rise in the future as the industry develops, such as special aircraft, transport aircraft, large aircraft, etc.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.