Performance grew faster, with 24 years of associated transactions expected to continue at a faster rate. In recent days, companies published their annual report for 2023, which achieved business income of $40,301 million, an increase of 7.01 per cent over the same period, and a net return to mothers of $861 million, an increase of 64.41 per cent over the same period.
1. In 2023, the company achieved business income of $40,301 million, an increase of 7.01 per cent, completed business plans of 94 per cent, and realized a net return profit of $861 million, an increase of 64.41 per cent.
The company plans to achieve business income of $45.1 billion, a 5 per cent increase over the 2023 business plan in the same year.2 Significant cost optimization and improved profitability. In 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio continued to increase with the company ' s efficiency reduction measures and the cost rate was significantly optimized.
3. With regard to military products, the company is the major manufacturer of aviation products such as military medium- and large-sized transport aircraft, bombers, and special aircraft.
China's Aviation Industry Group, which has a limited fleet of aircraft, c919 passenger aircraft, ag600 aircraft, an arj21 aircraft, and the development of core components such as airframes, wings, etc., is the largest supplier of the aircraft's body structure.
The company was actively involved in international cooperation and subcontracting production and took over the production of Boeing 737 aircraft tailings, Boeing 747 aircraft combinations, Airfarers a 320/a321 aircraft wings, bodies, etc.
An important outcome of integration into the world air industry chain is the important project of the airline industry and airfarers, the city of Tianjin, in the area of international sub-contracting aviation cooperation, and in the depth of the industry. The project is a full demonstration of the manufacturing and organizational capacity of the Department’s modern large civilian aircraft, marking a company’s civil flight.
With growth, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow faster. Development of new types of equipment is not as risky as expected; orders for military goods are not as good as expected; and prices for military goods are higher than expected.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.