The year 2023 reported a significant increase in the net profit of the parent, a steady increase in the income of the research assistant, and a significant improvement in the profit margin.
At the profit end, the Division’s profitability improved significantly in 2023. In 2023, net cash flows from operating activities were $5,515 million, mainly due to a decrease in cash received from sales of commodities over the same period of the previous year.
▪ The company completed the first phase of the restricted stock incentive, awarding a total of 1.395 million shares to 261 employees, which is expected to stimulate senior management and key talent and drive the company to continue to perform fast.
The company has continued to enhance the integrated manufacturing capacity of key components, such as airframes and wings, and has successfully completed the production and delivery of major components of aircraft, such as c919, arj21, ag600, and the new boat series. At the same time, the company is continuously improving its internal and external supply chains and accelerating the opening of the international turnkey market.
Increased stock of orders, enhanced precision operations in international cooperation projects, successfully achieved the delivery of atr42 short-range landing and landing projects and airfarer a320 series projects on time.  The full spectrum is the only mainframe for large aircraft, anchoring the industry for long periods of time.
The successful development and deployment of the shipment-20 has significantly enhanced the long-range delivery capability of the Chinese Air Force, while the continued improvement of the bombing-6 has ensured the core of the air force’s bombing power.
Central Flight West (000768), mid-2023, in the field of aircraft, as the main supplier of the structure of the C919 passenger aircraft, c919 order has been evaluated: profitability is expected to rise and main aircraft is turned on.
Over a thousand, and on the eve of the deployment of the national aircraft, it is hoped that the future will benefit from the depth of the civil aircraft. West Flying is focused on the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, and is currently the only producer of military transports and bombers in the country in terms of their full operation.
China Air West (000768), 2022 Annual Report,  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Company Performance meets expectations, taking into account that the industry is in the process of adjusting orders
The three major financial forecasting tables for China Air West, and East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have acquired the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations.