On 27 April, the Postal Bank published its report for the first quarter of 2023, which resulted in the collection, pre-arrangement of profits, and the positioning of the Postal Bank as a service to the “Three Farmers”, urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Industry, committed to providing the most dynamic clientele in China’s economic transition with a narrow net profit growth loop that meets expectations, accelerates the transformation of wealth management, improves growth. Services are provided, and speeds up data-driven, channels coordinated, and approvals are made.
At the income end: the 1023 Postal Bank achieved revenue of $88.16 billion, an increase of 3.5 per cent over the year; there was a decline from 2022 in zero-connected and efficient new retail banking transition. The bank had 1.6 pct. 1 net interest income of $69.4 billion, an increase of 1 per cent and an increase of 0.6 pct. Mainly received q1 net.
The excellent asset quality and significant growth potential is China’s lead, with a narrow income gap and a relatively rapid growth in size. 2 Non-interest income growth is bright: a large retail commercial bank with a process of 1023.
During the period of promising strategic opportunities, the Bank will deepen its efforts to implement new development strategies, to further reform and innovation, and to accelerate the transformation of “specialization, integration, lightization, digitization, intensification” with a view to achieving a sustainable transition.
Continue to improve the economic performance of service entities and invest in service client capacity End of expenditure: 11.8 per cent increase in management costs for 11q23 and 4.1 pct to strength for cost-earning ratios in an effort to build client trust, distinctiveness and soundness
55.9 per cent of the cost has contributed to the increase in profits before the provision (ppop drops 5.6 per cent in the same year, down 22 years from the full, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail commercial silver 4.4 pct).2 Credit costs are lower, anti-breathing profits are lower, and credit losses 1023 fall by 25.7 per cent in the same year.
Loans on deposit have remained growing faster, with a narrow net interest spread. Against the backdrop of economic recovery and consumer recovery, retail credit demand is expected to recover gradually, leading to a gradual improvement in the volume and structure of credit.
At the end of March, the recession, the recovery of the economy and consumption, the smoothing down of real estate risks and the expectation of poor credit card generation were expected.
Investment advice: Retail is distinctive and growing. The Postal Bank relies on the self-employed and agency model, with nearly 40,000 outlets, leading in number and deep down, and laying a solid customer base and liability advantage.
It is hoped that lending will sustain rapid growth; and that there will be more room for structural optimization, which is expected to stabilize asset end-of-end rates of return and net interest differentials through structural adjustment. The wealth management strategy is well advanced, with a stronger client base, and is expected to drive rapid growth.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn’s roe uplift space to maintain a “very recommended” rating. Out-of-date shifts have an impact on the banking environment, bank magnification speed, net interest differential levels, asset quality
Figure 1: Net profit of 1q23 at the Postal Bank increased by 5.2 per cent over the year. Figure 2: Discrete performance of the Postal Bank 2022, 1q23
Figure 3: Postal Bank loans at the end of March increased by 11.7 per cent over the year, Figure 4: Postal Bank 1q23 net interest difference of 2.09 per cent, Ring-11bp Figure 5: Portal Bank non-performing loan rate at the end of March decreased by 2bp to 0.82 per cent from the beginning of the year
Figure 6: Reserve Bank provision coverage decreased by 4.4 to 381.1 per cent from the beginning of the year.
Postal Bank (601658): Growth is bright, the quality of the assets is good, the source of financial prosperity in the East is very good.
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Postal Bank (601658): Growth is bright, and the quality of the assets does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.