Postal bank charges continue to grow at a rapid rate, and it is recommended to continue to increase its performance by 5.2 per cent in q1 in 2023, mainly from size and provision.
Under heavy pricing and market pressure, the first quarterly report was positive and highlighted: first, the net revenue from fees increased by 27.5 per cent over the year, significantly better than that from the industry, and the effectiveness of the wealth strategy continued to be evident; second, the net interest gap ring dropped better than expected in the first quarter, and the cost of the deposit liability was well managed, the liability was better managed.
The fees continue to grow rapidly, the fees continue to be recommended, the costs of deposits are reduced considerably, the cost advantages of deposits are maintained and retail customers are enhanced. Third, assets are better and stock provisions are still higher. The company's business is embedded in individuals and small, stock customers have a high potential, and wealth industries are better off.
Reactivation of customer advantage, continuous validation of basic improvements in financial performance, growing varieties in the big business, better-than-expected net spread ring, better cost control on the liability side, 2.09 per cent net gain for a quarter, a decrease of 23bp over the same period, resulting in double-digit growth in size and a growth in net interest income
Only 1%. The measured net interest differential ring decreased by 2bp compared to the previous quarter, down by 11bp from the previous year ' s full year, with a cost increase of 11.8% over the previous year, a cost increase of 55.9% over the same year, a cost increase of 4 percentage points over the same period, and a cost rigidity.
The net revenue from fees increased by 27.5% in the first quarter of the year, which is much better than that from the big and the equity bank, and when one-time recognition of the fiscal balance for the past year is taken into account, the first quarter is also significantly faster than the year before. The effect of the wealth strategy is not lost. The other non-interests are slightly reduced by 2.6%.
The quality of assets continued to improve, the provision was less profitable, the stock provision was slightly lower by 1 quarter, the ratio of poor and interest loans was lower by 0.82 per cent, the ring was lower by 2bp from the previous quarter, and concern was expressed that the impairment loss of assets fell by 25.7 per cent on the same year, contributing to the profit. The stock loan provision covered 381 per cent, higher than the previous quarter.
It continued to grow at a faster rate, with capital adequacy at the core level slightly lower than at the same level.
If a future company has advanced laws, capital may be more economical.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets beyond expectations.