Performance is robust and positive, and the net profit of the mother continues to be excellent. 22 years of revenue, the net profit of the mother is equal to the increase in the first three quarters. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The transition to a wealth management bank was followed by retail sales aum at the end of the 22-year period from +10.8% to 13.9 trillion yuan, and wealth clients from +19.3% to 4.25 million households. The wealth management conglomerates were more detailed, creating a hierarchy of “Gin Gyu-Fuga-Dingfu” clients. Other non-interest income levels were maintained at a better level than the same rate of +20.3%.
\triangleright Research Assistant in Bowen
On March 29, the Postal Bank issued a firm increase in the value of US$ 45 billion, which was signed by China's mobile groups and locked for a five-year period.
All of this will be used to supplement core-level capital, which, with data static at the end of 22 years, will raise core-level capital. On the one hand, there is scope for credit growth.
3. Postal Bank (601658.sh) reported in mid-2022 that, on the one hand, retail credit risk weights were lower than public credit. Retail credit holdings by the Postal Bank were relatively high, resulting in strong growth in revenue and a significant transformation of wealth - 2022/08/
This is a more efficient use to leverage a larger expansion of credit. It is in the interest of the Postal Bank to capture the recovery of the economy. 4. The Postal Bank (601658.sh) reported on its credit delivery opportunities and optimized asset structure in the first quarter of 2022. 3)
After that, the China Mobile Group will become the second largest shareholder of the Postal Bank by 6.83 per cent of its shareholding ratio (without taking into account the central settlement in Hong Kong). The China Mobile Group has strong technological and data capabilities, while the Postal Bank is zero. The Postal Bank (601658.sh) explained in detail in 2021 that:
The sale of transformed state-owned businesses is expected to develop in synergy in such areas as digital transformation, retail customers’ services, etc. Substitute income is nearly doubled, the “new king of retail” is on the rise - 20 investment proposals: fixed ground growth, deepening wealth transformation
The access to State-owned large banks, the advantage of the customer base, provides a strong development base for the retail transition and is more efficient in its operation, with a “recommended” rating of 0.6 times 23 years pb on 31 March 2023.
Figure 1: Equal rate of increase (cumulative) in the performance of the Postal Bank as of 2022: net interest income of the Postal Bank as of 2022, rate of increase in the median rate of increase (cumulative)
Figure 4: Number of Retail Aum, Wealth Clients as at 2022, Figure 5: Growth of other non-interest-bearing income of the Bank as at 2022 (cumulative) Figure 7: Poor rate of the Bank as at 2022
Figure 8: Postal Bank interest rate, overdue rate as at 2022 Figure 9: Reserve Bank provision level as at 2022 Figure 10: Changes in capital adequacy at level 3 following the increase in the Reserve Bank
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.