Postal Bank (601658): High Growth Bank, steady growth and growth
On 30 March, the Postal Bank published the 2022 annual report, which was collected in 2022 and pre-financed. The Bank was positioned to serve the “Three Farmers”, urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises, and was committed to serving the most dynamic clientele in China's economic transition.
▪ A narrow interest-rate spread slows up the growth rate and provides for a double-digit increase in net profit from the back-feeding. Services are provided and the transition to new retail banks that are data-driven, channel-collaborative, batch-zero, and operate efficiently is accelerated.
The excellent asset quality and significant growth potential are the large retail commercial banks with China’s leading position, pct to 5.1%, which have maintained a high increase in size, but continued to narrow the net difference ratio, with net interest income increasing at a faster rate.
There has been a decline in the previous three quarters ($273.59 billion, a 1.6 per cent increase in the same year, and a 0.7 per cent decline in the speed circle).2 In the event of a promising strategic opportunity period, the Bank will deepen the implementation of new development policies in terms of income from interest: net revenue from fees of $28.43 billion, a 29.2 per cent increase.
In this context, it is important to intensify the process of reform and innovation in a comprehensive manner in order to speed up the process of transformation of “specialization, integration and growth by 1.6 to 8.5 per cent, with a corresponding increase in transactional and financial transaction fees and fees, respectively, lightization, digitalization and intensification”, and to promote the development of a “consistency and integration” system.
Continuing to improve the economic performance of service entities, investing in the ability of service clients to build customer trust, distinctiveness and soundness The impact of market volatility in capital markets, resulting in a 1.4 billion reduction in the profit/loss ring for fair value changes.
Full, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail commercial silver bank at the end of expenditure: management costs increased by 9.4 per cent in 12022, with savings agents increasing by 14.65 per cent in the same year; GDP income increased by 2.4 pct to 61.4 per cent in the same year.
By the end of 2022, there had been a 11.7 per cent increase in loans from the Postal Bank, which slowed down slightly by the end of the third quarter.
It will raise the firm’s core-level capital adequacy rate of 0.62 pct to 9.98%, and capital strength will be stifled to see the company’s future growth potential in retail business. The cost of indebtedness has improved, and net interest differentials have narrowed.
The release of dividends from self-regulatory mechanisms, as well as the proactive control of deposit costs, reduced the rate of interest on deposits by 2bp (one of which, Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn, has slightly increased the negative rate ring, and the provision cover ring ratio has fallen).
11bp, a slight increase in the negative and concern ring ratio, but at a low absolute level. The public loan deficit rate rose by 1 bp to 0.57 per cent over 1h22, mainly from the real estate sector (the negative rate rose by 44 bp to 1.45 per cent); the one loan deficit rose by 2 bp to 1.13 per cent over 1h22, mainly because of the impact of the epidemic on credit cards.
Weak financial exposure (an increase of 13bp to 1.95%). In the case of bad production, the negative net generation, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, has declined. Looking forward to 2023, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the economy and consumption recovers, real estate recovers.
Risks are smooth, credit card failures are expected to improve gradually, real estate risks exposures are expected, investment proposals are: retailing is distinctive and has a high growth profile. The Postal Bank relies on the self-employed + agency model, with nearly 40,000 outlets, leading in numbers and deep down, and has a solid client base.
There is a potential for development at the asset end, a firm increase of $45 billion, capital replenishment, which is expected to support rapid growth in lending, and greater room for structural optimization, which is expected to stabilize asset-end rates of return and net interest differentials through structural adjustment.
The shift out of time has an impact on the banking environment, the speed of the bank’s scale, the level of net interest differentials, and the quality of the asset.
Figure 3: 3q22 and 2022 split performance of the Postal Bank Source of Eastern Finance and Excellence Figure 6: Non-performing loan rate of the Bank increased by 2bp to 0.84% by the end of 2022
Figure 7: Postal Bank RMB 19 pct to 385.5 per cent drop in 22 years of coverage
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the Postal Bank (601658).
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.