Conlon converted to 300759 pharmaceutical biology with robust and rapid growth in q1 performance and further increase in profit levels at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of 960 million yuan in 2020q1, an increase of 25.7 per cent in the same year; net profit of 100 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 87.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of 120 million yuan in the non-repatriation period, an increase of 127.8 per cent in the same year; limited exposure to the epidemic, with q1 performance continuing to grow rapidly.
A week of active response, with a slight delayed impact on the delivery of orders in February, but limited impact on the performance of q1. Sub-operation: q1 in 2020, operating income from laboratory services was $640 million. Income increased by 28 per cent compared to 67 per cent: high-quality clients and potential project operations are increasing.
Plus. Many drug discovery projects that have accumulated prior to cmc services are in the drug development phase, service outreach and technological upgrading, with q1 achieving business income of 200 million yuan, an increase of 19.6 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively. Clinical research services have been further distributed to the domestic market, and domestic outreach has been effective, with q1 achieving operating income of 1.1.
Annual performance is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate. • Higher levels of profitability and sustained growth in R & D inputs: 2020q1, corporate combined M & A rates and net interest rates fell significantly, respectively, and financial costs fell by 141% on a year-to-year basis, mainly due to a significant increase in interest income and borrowing after continuing financing
In 2019, companies increased their investment in research and development to strengthen the new technology platform, focusing on research and development projects such as the dna coded compound bank, new synthetic chemical technologies, and new pharmacological research and animal modelling. In 2020, the cost of q1 research and development was $20.95 million, an increase of 141 per cent.
The company will further optimize its service delivery to the domestic market with the extensive international research and development services. The company will strategically deploy its domestic clinical research service operations.
In February 2020, the company proposed to purchase an additional 20% of the stake in the organization, with an expected total of 68% of the stock held by q2 after the acquisition. As domestic and foreign operations are well organized, corporate synergies and integrated competitiveness will be further enhanced.
1.73. The performance is expected to continue at a rapid pace, given the continuous improvement in the layout of domestic and foreign operations based on the company's core advantages, which are based on the expansion of process services. For the first time, coverage is given with a “possession” rating. 1 Kanlong is converted into a “income + Māori” double growth in the troika.
The company is a leading process-wide, integrated drug research, development and production service provider from drug discovery to drug development, with a global reach and dedicated to helping clients accelerate drug innovation. Building on core laboratory chemistry, the company has built complete bioscience platforms, such as biology, drug metabolic dynamics, and pharmacology, to provide clients with integrated drug discovery suits.
In parallel with the rapid development of drug discovery and development, the company’s service platform is gradually expanding to drug development and will continue to expand downstream operations, including at various stages of post-clinical development and commercialized production, to effectively help clients improve their efficiency and success in research and development of new medicines and improve their overall competitiveness.
Recovery and net profits have continued to grow at an accelerated rate, with laboratory services, cmc services and clinical research services. In 2014-2019, corporate operating income grew rapidly from $790 million to $3.76 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 37 per cent, net profit return, 92 per cent compound growth, and income-side steady growth. 1) Laboratory services as core business of the company, from high-quality customers and others.
In 2019, business income was 2.38 billion yuan, a 25.5% increase, and the Māori rate was 40.3%, an increase of 2.72 pp. In laboratory services, laboratory chemistry grew steadily and bioscience services moved into fast-track development. 2) cmc services revenue and Māori grew in two ways.
The numerous drug discovery projects that have accumulated in the previous period have entered the drug development phase, the extension of cmc services and the upgrading of technical capacity, and the expansion of productive capacity, together with the support provided by the development of the domestic market for innovative medicines. The national team has completed and is developing 568 projects, of which 485 are preclinical projects, 54 are clinical, 20 are clinical ii, and 9 are clinical ii.
Twenty pre-clinical and early clinical projects were carried out in 2019, showing good momentum. Business income of $900 million was achieved in 2019, an increase of 39.6 per cent compared to 2018, and the Maori rate of 27.8 per cent, an increase of 5.99 pp compared to that of 2018.) Clinical research The company ' s Māori ratio remained high, the cost rate of the period as a whole was lower and the impact of scale was beginning to prevail since 2017.
The company ' s Māori ratio remained above 30%, reaching 35.5% in 2019, further narrowing the gap with Pharmacy Condt. We believe that the company ' s highly qualified talent team and extensive project experience will help to improve service efficiency and scale effectiveness. Corporate sales and management costs are on the overall downward trend, roughly the same level as last year, in 2019, and will be largely subject to growing income.
The large, a-h-stock listing impact matches the increase in income. The fluctuations in financial rates are mainly due to exchange gains and losses,2 based on core advantages, and the expansion of process services The company is in the lead in drug discovery, pre-clinical and early clinical research, while working to expand it, including clinically
The company’s core technology is to provide clients with a comprehensive drug research and development platform technology, packaged from a single laboratory chemical service provider to a business-based end-to-end pharmaceutical research and development service platform in China, the United States, and the United Kingdom.
A comprehensive chemical technology platform covering the entire process of new drug research and development, a drug metabolic dynamics research and development service platform, and a full clinical batch application solution.
Industry experience, senior management team, has more than 10 years of experience in the company, leading the company’s rapid growth. The company has also introduced and in-house developed a talent ladder, with nearly 100 leaders in the field, including three candidates from the country’s 1,000-person scheme, a research and development and production technician, cmc, laboratory services, clinical research services, and a rapid increase in the number of technicians.
At a time when companies are committed to further technological empowerment and competitiveness through in-house R & D, collaboration with universities and professional institutions, collaboration with clients, and acquisition, they are closely following the cutting edge of technology. Client groups are growing and small and medium-sized clients are earning a higher share of income: companies are integrating the company’s global service provider’s professional uniforms.
At the same time, the share of small clients in the company’s income is higher, the potential for growth is greater, and the company’s dependence on large-scale services is reduced, reducing performance risks. We believe that with small- and medium-sized domestic and foreign-scale innovations, we have been able to reduce performance risks.
New drugs are growing rapidly, and small and medium-sized client groups are expected to contribute to the sustained growth potential of corporate performance.1) The innovation drug research and development industry is booming, with global clinical research and development outsourcing services at more than 10 per cent and domestic industries at around 20 per cent;
2) Increased share of high-quality clients and projects in laboratory services, rapid development of biosciences to increase overall Māori, expected growth of cmc service markets with the advancement of mah policy systems and domestic advances in innovation drug research and development, accelerated development of domestic business as the organization of clinical research services continues to improve, investment in M&As and build on project experience
Given the company’s leading laboratory chemical service industry, the cmc service and clinical co-services have expanded rapidly, and the domestic and foreign industry layouts have further improved, the performance is expected to continue to grow rapidly. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “possession” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.