Medical and medical services exceeded expectations in the first quarter and are expected to accelerate again in the second quarter. Events: company reports in the first quarter of 2020, yielding operating income of 959 million yuan, an increase of 25.66 per cent over the previous quarter.
The net return to the mother was $102 million, an increase of 87.16 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the deduction was $121 million, an increase of 127.78 per cent over the same year; the operating cash flow was $326 million, an increase of 132.42 per cent over the same period, and the company was well funded.
Revenues of $202 million, an increase of 19.64% from the same year. Laboratory operations are growing at a higher rate, and clinical and cmc services are slightly affected by the epidemic. Taken together, companies are less affected by the new crown epidemic in the first quarter, although some orders have been delivered slightly late and overall performance has been excellent, exceeding market expectations.
Hing, Ningbo, with 200 million yuan, 300 million yuan, and 775 million yuan, will further boost the productivity of the company, improve its national profile, and lay the groundwork for the second quarter. The company will continue to take advantage in the second quarter of the year of horizontal extension of the cmc and clinical services in the drug development phase, improving industry coverage.
The company’s performance is expected to improve further in the second quarter, especially in the second a+h dual-platform cro enterprise in the country. The company completed its listing on November 28, 2019, and the funds are being raised mainly for laboratory chemistry, the expansion of cmc operations, the expansion of overseas operations, etc.
Listing has strengthened the ability of companies to finance and accelerate their internationalization, while at the same time enhancing their international branding, laying the foundation for steady growth in performance.
The industry maintains a high profile, and companies actively shape the entire industry. Policy drive, ageing, high market access, higher cost of drug research and development, higher cost of research and development, and the market for outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development have become the best option, with industry maintaining a very high profile. According to the Institute of Foresight, the size of the industry in 2013-2017 is in line with growth rates.
Laboratory chemistry is the cornerstone of the company's business, allowing the company to design and synthesize compounds, target sites, and become a gold track leader.
There is a wealth of experience in areas such as selection, pharmaceutical research, and the development of strong core teams. At the same time, it provides a solid basis for the extension of the company’s downstream industry. As the company’s client base and scientific research continue to improve, we expect that the company’s laboratory services will continue to grow at a high and steady rate, with the rate of growth at around 25%.
For the extension of the company’s cro industrial chain, cmc operations and clinical research operations have been the main pairs developed by the company in recent years. The company cmc services have now been able to meet the needs for process development and production of clinical three-stage drugs.
As a result, the company’s cmc operations are expected to continue at a rate of close to 30%. Clinical research operations are at a slightly lower pace in the early stages, and will continue to grow at a high rate of 35% or more as the company continues to invest.
The Department's laboratory chemical and cmc operations are growing, maintaining an “enhanced-a” rating.