Conlon became a company review report (300759) 28th of 2020, with further growth in profitability and orderly expansion of operations.
On 28 April 2020, the company announced that it would collect 959 million yuan during the reporting period, an increase of 25.66 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 102 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 87.16 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the epidemic is small, the business plates continue to grow in good quality, the company's laboratory services generate $639 million (+28.00 per cent) and cmc services receive 202 million.
Jing Si-Wixing and overseas clinicals have had less impact in the first quarter of the year and are growing faster. The company’s later reserves are rich, with q1 contract assets of $13.3 million, an increase of 49.04 per cent over the same period. Profitability has increased, financial costs have improved significantly, and investment in research and development has increased.
(a) The company's Māori ratio of 33.46 per cent, an increase of 0.32 pct, a net interest rate of 9.71 per cent, an increase of 2.88 pct, an increase in the same rate;
Growth, reduced borrowing costs, and reduced exchange losses.Assessment: Growing profitability, significant operational synergies. 2020.03.30. Improved financial costs contribute significantly to the growth of net corporate profits at the cost end.
Further horizontal and vertical expansion of service capacity The company will in the future further enhance the expansion plans of the plates, increase the production capacity of facilities such as Ningbo and Tianjin, and strategically put the company in uniform while strengthening the capacity of early clinical cmc and clinical research services
In January, the company turned into a pharmaceutical company, technology company Ltd., Shao Xin Quan, and Ning Bo Conom into a $775 million booster to ensure its subsequent production capacity.
Liu Hye-min is affected by the global epidemic and risks are suspended; market competition exacerbates risks; production capacity is not built up to the expected risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.