The annual report and the first quarter of the year continued to grow at a rapid pace, with a sustained increase in the gross profit of $547 million, an increase of 64.30 per cent over the year, exceeding market expectations; net non-mortality gains achieved
Basic data (2019y) The company ' s comc business income increased faster as the client project phase moved, with a real current revenue of $902 million in 2019, an increase of 39.60% over the same period.
In addition to the income of $456 million, an increase of 31.30 per cent over the same period, the company issued a performance forecast for 2020q1, with a projected net return profit of 0.92-108 million yuan, an increase of 70-100 per cent over the same period; low deductions; and interest income on cash contributions on the company ' s books.
The effect of scale is evident as company capacity and utilization rises, resulting from an increase in the Māori ratio in the main business, with laboratory services achieving 40.26 per cent Māori, an increase of 2.72 ptt over last year; cmc Business, a current Māori rate of 27.77 per cent, an increase of 5.99 pt over last year.
Sales costs and management costs are 73 million yuan and 496 million yuan, respectively, sales cost rates and management Corporate investment in R & D continued to increase, reaching 63 million yuan in 2019, corresponding to an increase of 98.87 per cent and 1.67 per cent in revenue collection, and 0.58 pct in major inputs
The clinical layout continues to improve. There are significant synergies between pre-clinical operations. During the reporting period, companies continued to improve the layout of the industrial chain to enhance competitiveness.
In the area of bed research services, the company ' s 2019 strategic deployment of the domestic market for clinical research services was completed as a merger and purchase of Chinese clinical coco Nanjing Si-Swi, and was strategically invested in a third-party independent clinical field management service, Smo Beijing.
The only integrated service platform for the "Radiological Isotope Compounds Synthesis-Clinical-Analysis" provides clients with a unique clinical metabolic research service for radiometric tracers, with further development of clinical development in the country and progressive improvement of the company's clinical operations.
In the area of pre-clinical operations, the company completed a total of 29 clinical trial declarations for new research drugs for clients in 2019, of which 21 were simultaneously declared in several countries. 588 were involved in pharmaceutical molecules or intermediates in the development and production of company drug processes in 2019, of which 588 were in clinical iii.
9 projects, with the growth of high value added back-end projects, the company’s performance is expected to increase further. With the increased scientific capacity of the business modules, synergies between the research and development modules.
With a rise to 68 per cent, the synergies are more pronounced: new capacity is beginning to fall and the research and development workforce continues to expand. In order to meet the growing demand for customers, companies continued to increase capacity-building during the reporting period.
The Drug Safety Evaluation Centre has expanded the 3,500 square metre animal laboratory facility: the Shanghai branch is officially operational; the British and United States branches have further expanded the area and facilities of the experiment, and the company's current capacity has expanded. In addition, “Hangzhou Bay Life Science and Technology Park — Conlon has been transformed into biomedical research”
The second phase of the project, which is expected to be implemented in 2021, will increase the number of scientific technicians by more than 2,500 and further expand laboratory and cmc service capacity. The third phase of the project, which was completed in 2019, is expected to be operational by the end of 2020.
At the same time, in 2019, to improve the industrial layout, the company accelerated the construction of the post-clinical and commercial production services. Work is now under way at Shao Heng’s plant, and the first phase is expected to be completed in 2022.
In order to break through the company ' s capacity bottlenecks and meet the demand for sustained business growth, in 2019 the company added 1,074 new technicians. To date, the company ' s R & D and production technicians total 6401, with a relatively large pool of talent and a certain level of productivity competition.
Risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies: Intellectual property protection: risk of skills drain: Market competition increases risks: the epidemic increases risks. There is a clear growth in the global surge in new drug research and development and the continued expansion of its own business.
In the future, with the gradual integration of clinical operations and the continued increase in capacity utilization, the company's Māori ratio will continue to improve, and we look forward to the future development of the industry and the company and maintain an “enhanced” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.