Performance growth is higher than expected, and the back end business potential is released.
The company recently published its 2019 annual report, and during the reporting period it achieved revenue of 3,757 million, which is an increase in the same amount. In the letter from Shenzhen City, don't increase by 64.3 per cent, 58.15 per cent, or 939 million dollars in net cash flow from operating activities.
Partnership (limited partnerships) Division released a 2020 q1 performance forecast, q1 having achieved a net return of 92 million to 108 million, overall performance has continued to grow rapidly, and the impact of the q1 epidemic is limited and manageable
Corporate overall performance continued to grow at a faster pace throughout 2019, benefiting mainly from the company's three major business plates Synergy development and increased profitability under scale effects: at the income end, core laboratory operations income + 25.5 per cent, simultaneously affected by business flows, cmc operations + 40 per cent, clinical research services
Market value of the share in circulationa (millions of yuan) + 31 per cent; for Māori, the current Māori rate for laboratory operations, cmc, and clinical research services, respectively, on a quarterly basis: q1-q4 net return of 0.54 per cent, respectively
The scale effect is gradually becoming more pronounced with billions, 107 million, 167 million, and 219 million. Cost-side: impact, corporate recovery delayed by one week, delivery of some project orders delayed, but the overall impact on performance was limited throughout the year (q1 performance growth is supported).
The company's laboratory business is a core base business of 2,379 million dollars throughout 2019, accounting for the company's landings, and will be further enhanced by the overall operational and project flow capacity of the company's laboratory business.
1. The number of employees in the company ' s laboratory services was 4301 by the end of 2019, an increase of nearly 600 over last year ' s _aaa_conlon into three quarterly reports (300759); 2. Drug Safety Evaluation Centre expanded by 3,500 m2 in 2019
Experimental facilities; Shanghai branch has become fully operational; 3. Laboratory operations are leading downstream cmc operations. Flows are becoming more visible: 2019 drug safety evaluation experiments with cmc clients heavy aaaconomized into depth reports (300759).
The convergence was further increased to 68%, effectively reducing project bridging costs and improving overall R & D efficiency.
During the reporting period, corporate cmc business income increased by 39.6 per cent, from 22 per cent in 18 years to 24 per cent in 2019, while, as a result of the impact of scale, total current business activity increased by 485 pre-bed projects, 54 clinical periods, 20 clinical periods, 9 clinical periods in 11 years.
In the future, we firmly appreciate the high growth of the company's cmc business and the increase in the share of the company's business as a whole: 1. Vertically, the company's upstream laboratory business continues to lead the business, and its own cmc business is becoming more closely aligned with its upstream clients; 2. Horizontally, with its domestic counterparts,
Compared to mature cdmo companies such as Karen, the company ' s current cmc operations are more concentrated in the clinical phase, with a higher profile of light assets before more feedstock drugs are done; and with the successive release of cmc operations in Ningbo, Tianjin, etc., and the gradual expansion of operations to higher-profit commercial production ends and systems.
In the field of agent development, the company ' s cmc business follow-up performance has sufficient potential to be released, while the company ' s senior-level clinical research service will be opened to more rapid development, and domestic and foreign business linkages will be evident.
The construction of a global platform for clinical development services. Through a series of acquisitions into equity, the company has initially developed a complete layout of pharmaceutical clinical research and development services, forming two major business components: early clinical trials and radio-pharmacological metabolic dynamics, strengthening the company's upstream introduction of downstream, “cro+cdmo”
In addition, the company actively integrates the global platform of integrated services for “radioisotope compound synthesis-clinical-analysing”, created by the advantages of China, the United Kingdom and the United States, to better serve overseas market operations. In 2019, the United States Clinical Center cpc completed a total of six visitors from China.
Corporate clinical research services are still in the early stages of construction, and their development will be accelerated as research capacity and research teams grow.
Risk factors: increased competition in the market and the risk of new business not expanding as expected