\triangleright 24q1 performed as expected and the non-net ring ratio improved as compared to the same year.
\triangleright \triangleright, 24q1 has a sound customer operating system for stock, continuous enhancement of the landscape, further strengthening of the base of scale and value, a 3.3% increase in mobile Internet traffic compared to that of Dou
14.9 gb; Family market, building an intelligent family ecology of “all dry omens and clouds living”, promoting family security, movement, and the development of a network of smart groups, 24q1 family clients combined arpu of RMB 39.9, corresponding to 1.8% growth, promoting the expansion of the “nets and clouds and ditc” market as a whole, and expanding the market for merchants.
Field outreach to promote the standardization, productization, platforming of government and business solutions, and the number of intellectual services in the deep-farming sector, promoting high-quality development, with 24q1 companies maintaining a good growth in the income from their projects.
Non-net profit increases by 7.88 pct compared to the non-net profit gains of the previous year, and the non-net gains of 23q4 are positive. In terms of cost rates for the period, the company ' s rate for the 24q1 period was 11.6%, up from the same period last year, Maga Wei.
0.2 pct long, with a reduction of 0.2 pct compared to the management rate, a decrease of 0.1 pct from the financial rate, and an increase of 0.4 pcc from the sales rate for the same period last year. As at the end of 24q1, corporate receivables and notes amounted to $8.805 billion, corresponding to the Yang Dongqing.
The gold expenditure “purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets” is about $34.478 billion, a decline compared to the previous year; transition, high-quality development, and we believe that the company’s income and profits will grow steadily and in tandem for 24 years.
\triangleright Individual and Family User Arpu Value Increases, Shares in 24-26, approx. 47.5 billion yuan, Ring Growth 21.5%, Arithmetic Expenditure based on a 4% drop in overall capex
Comment: The growth of the dict business is strong, the real control is growing on a continuous annual basis, with a total of 10508 purchase-of-ai servers moving on a larger scale than China Connect and China Telecom.
In March, user-operated data was released, with 24q1 mobile and fixed network user rings increasing by 23q4.
The monthly 5g user data fluctuated, but the overall 24q1 relative to 23q4 showed an upward trend. Mobile households reached 996 million households with a 23q4 (+0.5%) ring, of which 5g package users were 799 million, and capital expenditure was about to go down and the quality of operations was expected to hold.
Moving arpu value up to $47.9 per household with 23q4 (+6.7%) ring, 24q1 company mobile operations \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.