He's recently approved for transfer to the U.S. 50 Index, and he's committed to maintaining a high-scoring red strategy in the future.
A sample of 50 indexes came into effect on June 14, 2024, when they were collected. The 50 index was replaced by five, and China’s mobile companies were allowed to transfer to the 50 index.
Business growth was robust in the first quarter of 2024: companies issued a first-quarter report in 2024, o1 achieved business income of $26.37 billion, i.e. +5.17 per cent; net profit for mothers of $29.6 billion, i.e. + 5.49 per cent; net profit for non-mortality of $26.1 billion, i.e. +8.40 per cent, i.e., performance against expectations.
At the operational level, mobile clients have increased by a net increase of between 4.63 million and 996 million over the quarter, and 5g package customers have infiltrated the arpu ring by 6.7 per cent to 47.9 yuan per household/month; at the household market, the combined arpu and Biti model has been expanded and efforts have been made to expand the customer market and promote the intellectual transformation of government and business to achieve high-quality development.
Traditional capital spending continues to decline, and research and development investment continues to increase, accelerating the development of the one industry: the determination to boost the numeracy and the investment of the one-related industry.
This has led to a significant increase in the number of national-level vehicles, such as the National Engineering Research Centre and the National Platform for Open Innovation in Artificial Intelligence.
Intelligent moves over 150 billion times a year, original innovation capacity is growing, innovation value is rising, institutional investors are releasing their share of the circulation a. We believe that moving as a domestic leader is likely to take advantage of the operator's advantage.
The Agency’s computing industry chain and entry into the ai service business provide new growth space for a future digital transformation. The share of dividends continues to rise, with the core dividend asset under the new “Nine”: the company’s policy of upgrading from 2024 to market value management for the company and increasing its cash allocation is also an example for the new “Nine”
In China's mobile article, “focusing on high-quality development of listed companies, raising the value of investment while enhancing investor protection, and strengthening cash-sharing regulations for listed companies” is the first response. We believe that companies are operators.
The report will be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.