"Ai+Page" Za, China Movement (600941), Zhao Liang Bei
Incidents: In recent days, China has moved to issue a performance report for 2024q1, bringing the total revenue to 263.7 billion yuan/+5.17 per cent, of which the main battalion earns 219.3 billion yuan/+4.5 per cent; ebitda is 78 billion yuan (a strong lead in the construction of the Centre for Ideas, a steady boost in the enabling industry and accelerated growth in the country ' s productive capacity).
From the China Mobile Headquarters server collection, in January 2024, the company purchased 1250 AI servers, of which 106 were wind coolers and 1144 liquid coolers. In April 2024, a new IAC collection announcement was issued, estimating the purchase of 7994 AI servers and ancillary products.
In addition, China is moving to Nanjing, Wuhan, Ningxia, and the 12 KIAC nodes are being built in an orderly manner, and the new infrastructure of the network continues to be advanced, with a potential for increased power supply.
In the list, “Nine Days of Natural Language Interactive Large Models” are listed, marking the movement of nine Days of China's large model to become the first to be developed by the United States through a two-fold national “generation of artificial intelligence services” and “Inland-based deep synthesis of service algorithms” to be officially made available to the public.
On the whole, the ai-enabling industry continues to grow, with new clusters of smart computing centres expected to accelerate construction, and the supply of home-grown numeracy expected to increase. Capex structures are expected to optimize the "ai+" dynamic, and the supply side of smart numeracy is expected to grow.
The company's new information service system, Connect + Arithmetic + Capability, continues to be rich, with capital spending in 2023 showing a relative depth of 300, and the annual size of universal numeracy and smart numeracy is expected to reach 9 eflops and 17 eflops, respectively.
In the area of network applications, the Dome Network brain was tested for commercial use in support of 115 computing operations such as East-West calculations, smart maths, data couriers, etc., to promote applications in areas such as large-scale data storage, visualization, astronomical, pharmaceutical research and development; and the Beichuan computing and networking platform, covering more than 10 plants.
The company’s network of arithmeticals continues to lead, creating an economy’s “one-stop shop” to run. Network efficiency is strong, 5g penetration continues to rise, and marginal improvements, such as political firms and clouds, are improving.
Companies continue to strengthen the integration of “nets + clouds +dicts” to take full advantage of the cloud’s resource endowments. The government and corporate markets have generated 192.1 billion yuan/+14.2% of the year’s revenues, mobile clouds have generated 83.3 billion yuan, and there has been a steady recovery, with innovation of cloud operations expected to be accompanied by a new build-up border improvement.
[Galactic communication] company comment_China move: 2023 reports match expectations, ai+enpowerment, cloud operations are expected to lead the second curve upswing, good corporate long-term performance growth space, coupled with company performance updates, and we give companies
China's Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.