Three quarters of the Māori rate is temporarily under pressure, and the cost control is good. \triangleright 22q3 Māori rate is under temporary pressure and cost control is effective.
\triangleright Impact of changes in income structure, among other factors, the company ' s 22q3 Māori ratio is largely flat at 26.70 per cent, and corporate profitability is expected to continue to improve in the future, driven by continued warming of demand and declining commodity prices
Good. In terms of cost rates, the company has continued to implement strong mitigation efficiency measures and has gradually introduced platform-based management in-house, at a cost of 11.7 per cent for the 22q3 period, compared to 0.3 pct, of which the management and sales rates are different.
Multi-product contributions are increasing, and the company’s liability under the 22q3 contract is still increasing at the same rate. By sub-products, the company’s \triangleright switch-type products (of which Gis products are expected to maintain a higher rate of increase) and coil-type products (of which transformers are released)
More powerful, new lines of production are expected to raise the growth space, non-compensation-type products (of which svg, capacitors, Kwok Yinge, etc. benefit from the construction of new electrical systems), smart equipment-type products (of which integrated surveillance and intelligent transport)
Products such as the dimensional system are expected to accelerate progress in substations and applications in the main station) are well-placed, all of which meet higher business growth rates. Companies’ orders have continued to grow at a high rate, driven by multiple growth poles, with corporate contract liabilities increasing by between 32 and 939 million yuan a year earlier, mainly due to advance payments for contracts to be executed.
As a result, the firm is again certified to have a strong hand order. The Matthews effect of overseas operations is becoming apparent, and profitability is expected to pick up. The company's overseas market has been in place for years, and now \triangleright
Overseas markets have gradually moved beyond the difficult stages of certification, breakthroughs, etc. to harvest. In 2021, companies abroad grew by 22.56% as compared to the previous period, with sub-markets such as the Americas and the Middle East growing rapidly, with both gis and transformers achieving higher rates of growth.
Q: q2 performance loops increased, and the core contribution of switch operations increased by 2022/08/21 at a better rate. Breaks have been made in dozens of countries, including Italy, Denmark, but now overseas cities
2. The annual review for 2021 of Thought Electric (002028.sz) reported that the rate was still low, follow-up imports would be accelerated, and there would be sufficient room to upgrade the company ' s operations abroad. 22 years of steady growth in the Internet, the overseas market was on a high growth path.
Customs clearance time and freight costs due to the epidemic, affected overall overseas Māori rates and currently partial route prices - 2022/04/19 \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.