q3 non-profit ring growth, with performance yet to be fully released South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: 7 billion yuan collected by companies in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 790 million yuan, a decrease of 11.6 per cent in the same year; the net profit to the non-mother is 810 million yuan, a decrease of 6 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, the company achieved 2.66 billion yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 1.9 per cent in the ring; the net profit to the mother is 310 million yuan, a decline of 2.6 per cent in the ring: the net profit to the non-return to the mother is 340 million yuan, an increase of 7 per cent in the ring.
Cost controls are good, and increased R & D investment has contributed to long-term development. In the first three quarters of 2022, company time rates were better regulated, with a decrease of 1 pp compared to the same period of the previous year, with sales/management/financial costs still higher and freight rates for raw materials compared to the same period of last year, and with industry clients and new energy customers.
Upgraded, and market competition intensified. Companies built a solid foundation for long-term development, increased investment in areas such as storage capacity, middle-pressure switches, and increased R&D costs by 23.8% over the same period, affecting profit margins for a short time. 2022q3, the company ' s Māori ratio reached $536.4 billion, surpassing expectations of $501.2 billion at the beginning of the year.
The production capacity of the company ' s backbone products was gradually released, leading to a faster development of the switch-type products, and the completion of the project on the Sunseton direct-flow grid was further validated in the first three quarters of 2022, and the company provided the project with two 100 megasvg-apf units, which were put into operation and successfully passed more than a dozen tests.
In October 2022, the company invested in the development of new energy technologies, the manufacture and sale of photovoltaic equipment and components, and the manufacture of batteries. The establishment of the subsidiary helped the company to take full advantage of the new energy industry.
For the next three years, net return profits will remain at a compound growth rate of 16.9%. The company seizes opportunities in the foreign distribution and distribution market and actively expands its out-of-grid customers, with medium- and long-term performance expected to be fully realized and awarded to the public.
1. Ideal Electric (002028): stable growth in the web, with a reserve capable of building a second growth curve (2022-08-24)
Assumption 1: corporate switches and related products are the core business of the company, benefiting from accelerated investment in the grid in the “doubt carbon” context, separation switches and circuit breakers will achieve steady growth: primary equipment gis will increase the winning share as the range of pressure levels of the product expands. Assumption 2: Communicators in the company's coils and related products will change in the rhythm of the grid bidding, electrical resisters will have limited scope to increase their share, some will have limited scope to increase their share.
With a view to achieving steady growth; with the production of transformer products and the gradual release of production capacity as the constant state transformer plant becomes operational and the overseas market expands further, assuming that: the company ' s unrelated compensation category and related products are dominated by capacitors, svg, the product is distributed in the new energy generation and industrial sectors, and that the svg ratio is expected to grow in 2022-2024 as the new energy penetration rate increases and the industrial electrification rate rises, and the svg ratio is expected to grow.
Assumption 4: Māori, due to the increase in overseas freight costs this year, raw materials, including bulk commodities, electronic components, etc., have increased prices, consolidated grid markets, actively expanded overseas markets, and increased R & D investment in new business such as automobiles and electronics, entered high-end markets, and continued to do so for no reason, no reason, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.