The first half of the year 2019: 1.559 billion won, compared to the second half of the year 2019.
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 48.05%; the net return to the mother was $193 million, an increase of 61.02% over the same period in the previous year, with high performance in the first half of the year, and a significant contribution from the special chip. The same increase in the company’s net return and return profits in the first half of the year was due mainly to the growth of the special integrated circuit and smart security chip operations.
Six months ago, the company ' s special integrated circuit operation generated $499 million, an increase of 117.01 per cent, Māori rate of 73.22 per cent, an increase of 12.76 percentage points, and smart security chip operations, an increase of $607 million, an increase of 30.32 per cent. In the first half of the year, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 35.72 per cent, an increase of the same percentage.
In June 2019, the company released a plan to restructure its assets by issuing shares to purchase 100% of the UVF stock, with an asset value of $18 billion. The UV-based Linxens industry is designed to design and produce a microconnector to the smart chip, rifid embedding.
The body and antenna, and the lightly soft led light belt, are one of the largest producers of smart and safe chip components worldwide, with major customers covering telecommunications, transportation, hotels, financial services, electronic government, and material networking. This acquisition will strengthen the company’s profile in the area of smart chip.
The company’s fpga chip business is dominated mainly by its subsidiary purple co-generation. In the first half of the year, the company expanded the logos series’ high-value ratio and the compact series’s cpldfpga model to actively promote titan, logos, compact.
At present, the company's fpga products have been delivered in bulk to the communications, industrial and consumer markets. The new generation of fpga products based on the 28nm process is based on market prices on 2 September 2019.
It's going well, and it's done functionality and performance certification. 66 and 53 times. Considering the company's technological leadership in the area of smart security chips, it's going to acquire the subject matter assets and Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, asset restructuring has not progressed as expected, and fpga has not been able to open the market as expected.
It's a small country of purple light.