The U.S.U.S.A.T.T.T. is leading the acquisition of U.S.U.S.A., the company's technological leader in the area of smart security chips, the U.S.U.I.A. and the company's intelligence.
Security chip co-benefits are evident, taking into account the company's deeper profile in fpga, growing space, covering it for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating. Smart security chip technology leads, plans to acquire purple glimmers, and synergies are obvious.
In the near future, companies have announced that they are about to issue shares to buy 100% of the UVA stock.
The price of the target assets is initially set at $18 billion. UV is a stock-holding company with a core of linxens. The Linxens industry is a global leader in sales, with clear synergies with corporate smart security chip operations for the design and production of smart chip microconnectors, etc.
The fpga chip is a complete market for communications and industrial controls, replacing the beneficiary countries. The subsidiary is a co-founder of purple light, mainly engaged in general fpga research and development and marketing, and has completed the development of three major product series that can meet market demands, such as communications, industrial controls, and is expected to achieve small bulk sales in 2019.
fpga’s low rate of national production, which is expected to accelerate in the context of uncertainty in the external environment, will benefit the company, strip away the storage business and reduce profit drag.
645 million yuan, an increase of more than 93 per cent over the same period, but the demand for dram memory chips began to fall sharply in the fourth quarter, affecting corporate profits. According to the company announcement, 76 per cent of the share of the violet core of Xian is to be transferred to the fully-owned company of the controlling shareholder Purple Group at a transfer price of 168 million yuan.
When the equity transfer is completed, the Xian purple core will no longer be included in the consolidated statement. The market price will be applied on 4 July 2019 to 69x, 53x, and 43x, respectively. Consider the company's smart safety chip and fpga chip.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given.
The storage business is not as fast as expected; asset restructuring is not as fast as expected; gpga chip market, Wang Dutting