Beneficiary production replaced by a doubling of net profit from non-mortality The investment in Tibet has increased the Māori rate and the performance of q2 has grown much faster than the company's operating income in the first half of q1:2019.
1559 million yuan, $193 million net return to the mother and 218 million net profit to the non-return to the mother, respectively, resulted in significant investment returns due to the withdrawal of purple from the consolidated statements during the same period last year.
The rate of increase in net non-mortality profits will remain high, as measured by the relative depth of 300 index shares. Substituted by beneficiary production, special integrated circuit revenue reversals: the company’s special integrated circuit operations are the main ones
The product consists of nearly 400 varieties of seven major categories, including microprocessors, storage units, programmable devices, bus lines, interface drivers, power pipelines, and custom chips. The company's product moved well in the first half of the year.
In the context of trade frictions between the US and China, the process of replacing the chips is expected to accelerate, and companies are constantly launching these new products to capture the dividends of the country’s production.
In this case, in the first half of the year, the company achieved 499 million yuan in special integrated circuits, an increase of 117.01% in the same year, and a rise of 12.76 percentage points to 73.22% in the same year in the Māori rate. The smart security chip is growing steadily, and it is expected to create stronger synergies with linxens in the future:
_aaa_Micro (002049) 2018 Report Review _ The first six months of corporate smart security chips generated revenues of $607 million, an increase of 30.32% from the same year.
The Division is planning to acquire 18 billion dollars to buy linxens, which are upstream companies with global sales aaa_violet (002049), which is reporting for the three-quarters of 2018.
Selling channels, the acquisition of which will create stronger synergies with corporate smart security chip operations. _aaa_Sweet Purple (002049) 2018 semi-annual report point Song Jiangbo
Risk factors: Subconductor national production is below expectations and product diffusion is below expectations.