Electrolytic fluid for profit, integrated layout break-through 16/04/2025 \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright Dun Yongkang The electrolyte is profitable. In terms of volume, the company delivered more than half a million tons of electrolyte in 24 years, compared to the same amount.
Li Xiaopen, net gain of about 0.07 million tons of electrolyte fluids, the main reason for the decline in the tons of net profit is the increased competitiveness of the products in the domestic electrolyte, lithium carbonate raw materials, integrated layout.
The self-supply ratio of lithium and lifsi is more than 98%, and it is expected that, with the spread of high-pressure fast charge batteries, the ratio of lifsi additions will increase steadily, effectively increasing the single ton of profits from electrolyte fluids.
The U.S. Hydrolyte project continued to develop, and the company continued to expand offshore production by establishing a subsidiary in Morocco to promote offshore integrated capacity-building. Lithium phosphate was added to the first echelon of the industry, with solarized materials of full quality. Lithium phosphate operations: 2024
The company delivered more than 95,000 tons of iron phosphate throughout the year, an increase of 109 per cent over 2023, in the first industry team.
Increased. Solar material sales: over 110,000 tons in 2024, an increase of 6 per cent over last year, with an overall increase of 9 per cent over the previous year. With the firm’s deep marketing strategy for domestic and foreign large clients, the main push product, the Beef Breaths, was reported in the semi-annual period 2024 (002709.sz).
The list-based bulk supply of mnc customers will continue to increase corporate profits.
4. Tianchi material (002709.sz) Tri-quarter 2023: Performance short-term pressure, share of electrolytic fluid taps expected to continue
Review: Electrolysis Proficiency is a leading partner in the study to be published as a gdr-plus industry - 2023/08/15 The methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, to produce the report independently and objectively and to be held accountable for its content and perspective. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.