Quantified material: The bottom sign is clear, the future performance is more flexible. )                    2025          2024            2025                       2025
The revenue from the industry was 3,489 million yuan, representing an increase of 41.64 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the non-mortality of $134 million, which was significantly delayed by the price of lithium electrolyte, was significantly warming in the first quarter of 2025. The return of profits in the first quarter reflected an increase in the production rate and in the efficiency gains of the company, which were expected to continue to rise.
In terms of research and development, companies focus on new technologies such as solid electrolysis, sodium battery materials, and peek, and new types of electrolyte (e.g., the 5v system) are gradually being introduced. From capital spending, the company’s focus is shifting to overseas bases like the United States and Morocco.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) Industry bottom-line clean-up is more visible, facilitating cycle growth such as gifted materials. Total market value/flow (millions)
As high-cost capacity is phased out, the industry will gradually move up the cycle, and the price-fixing and concentration of head companies is expected to increase: the company has the advantage of liquid lithium hexafluorate and overseas production capacity, and is expected to continue to benefit. 2) The high-pressure technology mix pushes the chain of iron phosphate industry out of different competitions.
The power + storage can maintain a strong demand for high-end lithium; the phosphate business of the gifted material is expected to benefit < < < integrated hard core competitiveness, cycle bottom corporate business will have a greater elasticity in the future. > 1) Overseas: company Moroccan and American production capacity
In the next two years, it is expected that the pattern will be further opened up in the European and American markets.) Peek Report, 3rd Quarter 2024: Power to New Markets, like Robotics, with a small batch of test products in 2025, which is expected to contribute in the future.)
The volume of dehydrated fluids has increased significantly, and positive margins of operations, both the fluids and the iron phosphate will have greater one-ton elasticity over the future.
Ex-sale upscaling and integration capacity continues to be raised: the company’s lithium electrolyte fluid and iron phosphate operations have been characterized at the bottom, with a upward trend in the cycle and a high future performance elasticity; and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Xian Xian Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report