Ely shares (600887.sh): Multiple advantages in the formation of milk-making poles, with the development of more than 20 years of practice, successfully developed into a combination of liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, cheese, etc. Total share capital: 6,083 million shares
At this stage, the company has been one of the leading players in the industry by upgrading important areas such as channeling, product restructuring, brand promotion, and internal management. During the show, Eli successfully played branding through the lead layout of warm milk, larger than brightness and banishment.
Circulation value: $241.2 billion, widening the gap, affected by the melamine incident, but then 33.8 times as much as by strengthening control, pe (ttm):
A rapid recovery, including increased publicity and accelerated expansion of channels, followed by fierce competition with the Montagnard, transcends and shapes the oligarchic pattern. In 2020, the company became the top five in the world, and as globalization continued, chart 1 showed the main indicators for almost a year.
In the future, Eli is expected to hit “first” with a gradual improvement in the layout of the chain, the sources of milk and research and development.
On the upstream side, the number of cow stocks and single yields are now at the international level, and there is still room for improvement. The original milk price has moved into a long-term, small-scale upward trend since 2016, with a short-term decline in the impact of the epidemic, but the long-term end demand has remained constant and is expected as the epidemic slows down.
On the metropolis side, double-oligarchy competition patterns have matured and are increasing in concentration due to the epidemic. Competition patterns are more stable in the hot zone, with the Elemon cattle occupying nearly 45% of the market share, stimulated by the epidemic, and a healthier low-temperature white milk market will enter the big firms.
Downstream, there is still much room for comparison of the volume of milk consumed in our country. Internally, there is a marked difference in the consumption of dairy products in towns and cities, where consumption on three or four fronts and in rural areas is expected to become the driving force behind future consumption of dairy products in the context of the domestic cycle.
Competing advantage: Multi-producer Line co-opts, high-quality milk source controls, deep-range expansion, high-end marketing techniques to create strong brand power: On the product side, Eli has a prominent role in the constant-temperature block, although Research Assistant: Bridge Zhang
However, the current state of maturity of the domestic pyrotechnic plates is, however, expected to continue at a rate of double-digit growth with the continued release of the large single “Golden” “Amulch” and the continued roll-out of new high-end white and yogurt products. Companies are currently in the regional layout phase of low-temperature milk.
(b) In the case of low-temperature white milk, Eli is still in the configuration phase, starting with the control of milk sources and the selection of some of the low-temperature cities with less competitive pressure to expand in a piecemeal manner, and the company's low-temperature white milk.
For milk powder, Eli has continued to enrich the “gold crown” series, taking advantage of the market for high-end baby and child milk powder, and upgrading the performance of the plate. The company’s advantage of cold-drinking taps, product upgrades and high-end new products, continues to increase the impact of the plate.
The Division has also accelerated other stubbles such as cheese, sustained growth through the expansion of new products and the upgrading of packaging. With regard to milk sources, Elie had earlier taken the lead as a cow cooperative, with companies, governments, and farmers winning.
In terms of channels, the Department’s earlier pre-optimal expansion and sinking of national channels has resulted in a market penetration rate of 84.3% of the regular-temperature liquid milk products in Ili in December 2019, and nearly 10.39 million in townships and villages.
At the same time, the company has gradually changed the current phase of its “cooperation model” to a “distribution model” that makes the channel easier to sink, while at the same time further strengthening the channels to control it. In addition, the active power of online channels, Ely's warm milk plate, and other plates will be expected to go through the company's canals in the future.
In marketing, Eli spent more than 10 billion dollars on advertising for almost two years. Companies created a good brand image by continuously increasing brand visibility, while upgrading brands to higher end since 2018, further enhancing end-of-end influence.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: the trend towards high end of the constant-temperature milk plate is clear, companies tend to have warm white milk and regular, and the market share of the two monolithic “Golden” “Anmush” milk products has been raised to higher levels, and sales have continued to increase, reaching 10 billion yuan and 20 billion yuan respectively in 2019, with a rate of growth of almost 15 per cent.
By taking over the larger market for large, often warm, monolithic products, and having a higher profit-level advantage, the regular, liquid milk plate still has the ability to support the company's basic development. Creams are low, Eli's main energy is low-temperature yogurt milk, and the large monolith is “fever and light” at low-temperature yogurt.
The first brand, the demand for low-temperature milk has risen again for almost two years, and sales revenue has remained at about 20%. Overall, liquid milk plate growth is expected to continue at two paces, and corporate milk powder revenue growth is expected to continue in double places as high-end monoliths continue to be rolled out.
In a slow upward trend, the oligarchic competitiveness will slow down, Eli will be less aggressive at the end, and marketing rates will drop. Moreover, corporate equity incentives and amortization in long-term service schemes will rise, with management costs expected to rise in the next two years.
(i) Corporate development: through the wind and rain, successful dairy leaders, Elli Group Ltd. was founded in 1993 and is mainly engaged in the production and processing of dairy products of all types
After nearly 20 years of training, the company has successfully developed into a complex of liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, cheese, etc. By 2019, the company had a gross operating income of 90,223 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
Phase 1 (1993-2000) – Through early budding, in 1996 Ely went on the market and became a dairy company with a core of constant-temperature liquid milk. In this segment, Eli not only developed product lines, but also aimed at economies of scale, expanding.
Phase II (2001-2007) – In parallel with the expansion of channels for the implementation of the National Weaving Network, Ely has also achieved a relatively high level of stable development in the industry through the restructuring of the organizational structure and equity incentives. At this stage, Ely is constantly developing through channels, products, and brand power.
Three-phase (2008-2013) - after becoming a leading player, Eli faced a huge shock from the Triple melamine event. In parallel with the recovery, Eli began to turn the course.
I'm very involved in major high-profile and high-profile events, and I'm going to raise my brand. At the same time, the company has launched a global campaign, implemented a “global network” project, increased international visibility, and promoted international four-stage (2014-to-date) – Eli became a leader in the liquid market, and started to expand other products.
By buying high-quality domestic and foreign milk sources and leading companies, and by stabilizing upstream positions, new products are being developed and developed. Guaranteeing a high-end product as a development orientation to the “global first-meat” market.
(ii) Shareholders and management: Stable management leads the long-term growth of the company, and since 2014, four executives, including Chairman Pangang, have achieved an increase in corporate stock holdings
A total of 4.882 million shares (7.92 per cent of top 10 shareholders and a larger share of senior managers) represent a more stable management structure that facilitates long-term strategic deployment and strategy implementation at the corporate level.
The company, soon after Pan's inauguration, launched the equity incentive and the Stakeholder scheme in 2006, which greatly boosts managerial and employee motivation.
At the same time, the benefits guarantee the basis for companies’ effective long-term strategies. To date, Ely’s core management and workforce have become the most well-recognized and stable team in the industry, compared to companies in the industry.
High-stable management with equity incentives promotes the long-term stability of Eli. Three equity incentives have had a more visible impact on companies: the first equity incentive in 2006, with a 9.68% share ratio. This is the most important one, and has been successful in internal management mechanisms.
Li was a leader in the business at the time, with a rapid increase in the slogan; after 10 years (2016), the second equity incentive, with 0.99% of the equity ratio. The equity incentive was aimed primarily at core technical and business personnel and was intended to improve their level of research and development, marketing and preparation for high-end transformation routes;
In 2019, the company reissued its equity incentive scheme, which saw a significant increase in the number of equity incentives (474 persons), amounting to 152 million shares, representing a 2.50% share. The equity incentive was the largest single equity incentive, aimed at hitting global milk companies while stabilizing their domestic leadership.
First ranking. So, at this stage of the company’s rising ranking, the equity incentive is to further ensure the long-term stability of the company’s core management.
In addition, Eli issued the Long Service Plan on 4 September, under the positive circumstances of a negative performance in the first half of the year. The plan is broad in scope and includes middle- and senior-level management and business skills.
The core of the plan is to retain talent and to increase the share in the share.
The main objective is to further shape the relationship between core staff and the future development of the enterprise by senior management, with a view to achieving future stable development in the long term. The plan’s roll-out will lead to a more stable future strategy for Ely.
(iii) Product matrix: constant-temperature milk dominated, multi-business lines developed The company currently has a product that covers almost all dairy sections, with a better price range, and the main products include very low-temperature liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold drinks and other dairy beverages.
According to the breakdown, the company is dominated by liquid milk, which by 2019 remained the largest share of 81.75%. Among them, according to company data, in 2019, Eli contributed 73.761 billion dollars in liquid milk, while cold drinks contributed 5.631 billion yuan, increasing by 12.70%, maintaining double-digit growth.
The milk powder and dairy products and the cold drink products have a high Māori rate of 48.12% and 46.51%, respectively, while the liquid milk industry is in a process of mature development. The industry has maintained a 15% increase until 2008 and the subsequent outbreak of melamine has led to a significant reduction in the overall end consumption.
After the start of the recovery period in 2009, dairy companies began to re-upgrade the product structure, and high-end products were emerging, bringing the industry back faster (up to 20% or more by 2011). After 2011, the dairy industry began to slow down, and so on.
Stable. The dairy industry maintains a small volatility in sales, with a clear division of labour, a strong correlation and a high degree of integration across the dairy chain. The industrial chain includes upstream cow farming, raw milk production, middle- and middle-scatter dairy processing, and several downstream end-sales.
The whole chain is long. There is a fixed cycle between cattle farming up the chain and the original milk output, and the price of the original milk fluctuates over the course of the cycle. The prices of the original milk are influenced by the prices of the original milk, and the purchase costs will change, and the price of the product will be passed down to the downstream end product.
The demand for dairy products for downstream consumption, as well as purchases, will also be reflected in the volume of products sold. (i) Upstream: there is room for upscaling of milk production and slow fluctuations in milk prices.
There is still room for improvement in the number of cows in our country and in the global status of individual production. Brazil, India, is a country with a large number of cows but low output, while Germany, Canada, and Australia are in the opposite position, with very low levels of single production. This is due to the country’s different natural environment.
The reason for this is that the cattle fields vary considerably. And the country is in the middle, but there is still a nearly double difference in stock levels and single yields compared to the United States, where the combined energy is at the top.
Herds have become more concentrated and efficient by increasing the size of the pastures. At the same time, the increase in the size of the herds and the pace of transformation of the mechanized and digital pastures have accelerated.
Digitalized management has been achieved, which has also contributed to a steady increase in single milk production. As size and digital management have matured, the rise in single production may gradually ease. 2. Changes in upstream milk prices tend to slow upwards.
From 2008 to the present, the price of original milk in the country spans several cycles: from 2008 to 2013, it began to recover gradually during the recovery period in 2009 and entered a fast-up route. The price of original milk peaked in almost 10 years at the end of 2013, mainly due to upstream foot-and-mouth disease.
The outbreak led to a significant slowdown in the number of cows and in the production of original milk, as well as to an inadequate supply of original milk in the market, which led to a significant rise in the price of milk. In 2014-2016, the import of large powder replacements began to intensify, hit domestic tourism, and market supply shortfalls began to decline rapidly, so the prices of beef remained high the same year.
Some of the small and medium pastures have had a “milk-down and cattle-killing” phenomenon, which has led to a rapid decline in the price of original milk, which in 2015 has fallen to 2012 levels. However, since 2016 to date it has taken at least two years for cows to grow, which is time-consuming, it has been difficult to recover quickly after the decline in the stock levels, leading to a lack of supply of original milk.
At the beginning of 2020, as a result of the impact of the new crown epidemic and the backlog of dairy companies’ stocks, there has been a resurgence of “dry milk” upstream, which has led to a decline in the price of original milk. As the epidemic is now largely under control in the country, the city has been able to reduce the price of raw milk.
The field is in a rapid recovery period, with demand expected to rise again, and the price of original milk will rise again, with long-term milk prices at a moderate upward trend. Moreover, upstream milk import substitution is gradually improving, and the impact on original milk prices will diminish.
The same rate of growth in the conversion of imported dairy products into original milk began to decline from 16.37 per cent in 2016 to less than 10 per cent in 2019; the replacement effect of imported original milk was significantly reduced by the large powder.
Speeding up to 4.1%. While there are still significant differences in the rate of growth, the exposure of home-grown milk to external shocks will be eased as the rate of import of original milk slows down. (ii) Midstream: the pattern of double-oligarchy competition is mature and the winds of low-temperature competition are clear.
The oligarchic pattern has matured, the dairy industry has been relatively stable at this stage, the industry has developed a high concentration of competition, and Eli and Monx have taken over half of the milk market, with the city taking over in 2019.
Nearly 45%, while other regional and local dairy companies compete in the market mainly through low-temperature products, channel profitability, and regional brand recognition. As part of the epidemic’s impact, small and medium-sized dairy companies gradually exits, the concentration of the industry increases, and the focus of competition moves up.
The field of constant temperatures has been largely occupied by Monc and Eli, and with the continued sale of a number of large single items, such as “Golden” Anmush, Eli has long been in a leading position on the normal hot plate, while at the same time it is different from the Monc.
The distance is also growing year by year, but the overall oligarchic competition remains. When the pyrotechnic plate was opened by Illiera, Monx began to concentrate its energy points on low-temperature milk research and development and marketing (as of 2019, the market for pyrotechnic milk had reached 23.50 per cent).
At present, the low-temperature market is dominated by the low-temperature milk industry, headed by the bright milk industry, the 3-dollar share, and the new milk industry, with a combined share of about 30%. Other regional and local dairy companies stabilize their local low-temperature milk business through their channel advantage and their broader perception.
At this stage, the low-temperature market as a whole is still at a low concentration level. At this stage, the market is at a low level of maturity, with many years of development.
On the low-temperature market, the high-end consumer demand for dairy products and the high-quality demand for them have led to a gradual rise in the popularity of low-temperature milk. As the major dairy companies begin to speed up the layout of upstream milk sources and the rapid upgrading of our cold chain and logistics technology, liquid milk.
The market will gradually favour the competition for low-temperature milk, the share of the market for low-temperature milk in figure 22, and the number of cold-chain cars in our country has grown steadily.
Downstream: There is still more room for milk consumption, and the sink channel is expected to become a future initiative.
In comparison with developed countries such as Japan and the United States, there is still a significant difference in the amount of milk consumed by our inhabitants. By 2018, our per capita consumption was 21.2 kg, or about one third, in the United States; Japan, which has a similar dietary structure, is about 0.6 times more than in developed countries.
There is still plenty of room. The market education of our consumers is still at a stage where it needs to be continued and expanded, and as the market grows, it is expected that the consumption of milk by our consumers will continue to rise.
By 2018, the per capita consumption of milk in urban areas was 16.5 kg, compared to 6.9 kg in rural areas. The difference between urban and rural consumption of milk is nearly 2.5 times greater, and the main reason for this disparity is the large gap between income levels and consumption preferences.
Consumption in three or four-line cities and rural areas is expected to be the driving force behind future dairy consumption. First, by 2018, the rate of urbanization in the country had exceeded 60%, but as urbanization continues to expand, almost 40% of the current rural population can also become the potential for consumption in the future.
There are already high levels of milk consumption in urban areas, but there is still a gap between consumption on the three-line and consumption by consumers in rural areas, mainly because of the lack of market breeding and the lack of consumption habits for more milk. There is room for increased consumption in urban and rural areas.
The increase in consumption capacity will also increase the consumption of dairy products. Among these, the incomes of urban and rural residents are rising, although there is still a large gap (2.64 times the disposable income of urban residents in 2019).
Fourth, in July 2020, the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China proposed a rapid development pattern based on a large domestic cycle, which would make it even more evident in terms of the advantages of the country’s super-large market and domestic demand. As the incomes of the rural population grow more rapidly,
The ability of the rural population to consume dairy products will gradually become a major part of future dairy consumption.
3. Analysis of Ely ' s competitive advantage: (i) Prominent and continuous strengthening of the Pyrotechnic Convergence, whole series of product matrix upgrades 1. Constantly hot milk plate: a stable oligarchic pattern, consumer uplifting drives the plate to continue moving up
As the most widely consumed dairy product in the country, the development of the domestic milk industry has been accelerated by the introduction of uht technology and eugenic packaging as early as 1990. With the rapid growth of the warm milk, companies have accelerated their share of the market and their concentration has increased.
During the period, with the rise of other milk plates, the rate of growth of the pyrotechnic plates has continued to decline to a low level (according to Ewy data, the sales of pyrotechnic plates in 2019 amounted to $94.16 billion, an increase of about 1.7 per cent over the same period). By 2019, the pyrotechnic plates had been roughly 80 per cent of the market share of the two dragonheads, Elie and Monroe.
The concentration is expected to rise further with the rising brand power of the tap milk company and the concentration of upstream milk sources, coupled with the impact of the new crown epidemic in early 2020. The share of the market is also split between the head milk.
The demand for the block began to rise, and the pyrolytic milk began to rise and gradually squeeze the room for warm white milk. At this stage, the pyrotechnic milk brand has grown to more than 100, but the market share has been largely occupied by Erie's Ammosh, the pristine Monx, and the bright Mosleyan (the market share is more than 90%).
On the product side, the development of the Ely's constant-temperature milk plate, the biggest driver is mainly the rising volume of large single items, while overall high-end product adoption is driven by the volume of large single items. The gold and Ammush are the brightest of these two monoliths.
The top single item of the milk plate, the strong brand and channel power of the company that continues to benefit from it, the market share has increased year by year, rising from 6.7 per cent in 2019 to 6.7 per cent in liquid milk, and Ammosh, the most popular, pyrolytic milk, has a market share of 17.6 per cent in the yoghurt brand, as well as sales.
On the other hand, Ammush's sales revenues, which have grown from around 4 billion in 2015 to 20 billion in size through a four-year break-up, and Goldcolumn's sales revenues, which were broken by 10 billion in 2019. On the whole, the core monoliths, Ammosh and Goldcods, have remained at a relatively high rate of growth of almost 15%.
The block is expected to remain growing at a low rate, but because of larger markets for large single-goods and higher levels of profitability and the ability of the constant-temperature plate to support the company’s basic development.
Ammushu yogurt market share (%) Ammush sales revenue (millions) Goldsand sales revenue (millions)
Low-temperature milk: the plate size is huge, the channel advantage is very positive, and at this stage we have a huge space for low-temperature milk consumption, compared to the international level. Currently, about 90% of the world's countries are predominantly consuming low-temperature pap milk, with an average market share of more than 99%, even the structure of industry and me.
In contrast, our share of the market for low-temperature milk is only 14%, and there is much room for improvement in the future. At the same time, as consumption rises and channels for large dairy companies are laid, domestic consumption of low-temperature milk has steadily continued to rise.
In some countries, the share of the market for low-temperature milk compares with that for low-temperature milk: the region is strong, and the head approach is not negligible. Transport storage takes a long time to pass through the cold chain system, coupled with imported low-temperature milk.
High transport costs and weak channels lead to low sales, so regional dairy companies with the advantage of cold chain channels are more advantaged. At this stage, our cold-chain technology is developing rapidly, with an increase in information-based advantages, already having a scale effect.
While regional dairy companies have entered the cold market earlier, the advantage at this stage is mainly traditional milk orders, while ka malls, supermarkets, power suppliers, convenience stores, etc.
National champions, such as Elie and Monx, are still more competitive. With the rapid arrival of leading firms, it is expected that the low-temperature market share of regional dairy companies will continue to accumulate, and channels and brand advantages will better help Eli expand the competitiveness of the low-temperature market.
In order to spread out, Eli started by controlling the source of milk and choosing cities with low-temperature competitive pressure to expand in a dot-to-peer manner, and the company’s low-temperature white milk product was dominated by medium-to-high-end. With steady layout, combined with high-end consumer demand boosts due to the impact of the new crown epidemic, in the first half of 2020.
As companies increase their capacity to build cold-chain transportation and storage facilities, and as city-wide education, and company-based low-temperature white milk, the rate of growth is expected to continue to increase rapidly. Low-temperature yogurt milk: relative to low-temperature white milk, as the low-temperature yogurt milk rises at the end, Eli is low.
There has also been an increase in investment in the soft yoghurt. Eli's market share of differentiated products in the region has been raised, reaching 31.1% in 2019 in the low-temperature market, with companies that have a large single low-temperature yoghurt brand with a smooth, low-temperature yoghurt, and have been in the middle of the last three years.
The only sour yogurt prize was designated by the Continental Bo Forum. Although low-temperature milk sales were squeezed and decreased slightly by 2016 due to a significant increase in consumer consumption of warm milk, demand for low-temperature milk rose again in the last two years, maintaining a growth rate of almost 20%.
Our yogurt market has been growing at a rate of double-digit growth in recent years, except in 2018, and is growing at a better rate. Moreover, because of the leisure social characteristics of yogurt, the epidemic has limited end-use scenarios such as milk tea shops, curry shops, morphine shops, etc., to a certain impact on yogurt consumption in 2020.
In the wake of the rising consumption following the autumn and autumn seasons, it is expected that corporate yogurt consumption will decline this year in the short term, and that the company ' s low-temperature yogurt milk plate will continue its trend of double-digit growth in the medium to long term.3 Milk powder: the industry ' s high-end trend is evident, and milk powder business is closely aligned with market demand.
The market for milk powder has been growing at a steady rate. The milk powder industry has been growing at a high rate until 2008, with the highest rate of growth exceeding 35%. After 2008, the industry suffered a huge shock as a result of the melamine incident, a sharp drop in end sales led to a sharp decline in the growth rate in the industry, which began to recover. As of 2019, domestic milk
From 2017 to 2019, the powder market, which was 175.5 billion yuan in size, remained close to 10%, and there was a clear trend towards high-end milk powder, which was still dominated by foreign capital. After the negative events in the country with milk powder such as melamine, big-headed dolls, powdered milk, etc.
There is a higher demand for milk powder quality and safety. Then, the share of high-end and ultra-high-end products rose rapidly, reaching nearly 40% in 2018. At this stage, our milk powder industry is still dominated by foreign brands.
On a number of occasions, domestic consumers will have a higher level of confidence in foreign brands (the top five brands of milk powder in 2019), while foreign brands also occupy a larger share in the second-line cities, where first-line brands account for up to 74%.
Domestic brand competitiveness is expected to increase with the growing concentration of dairy products, including Ili’s, in high-quality upstream milk sources, and the introduction of new high-quality products. The impact of the melamine event in the course of the year, as well as a significant drop in sales of Ile’s milk product.
In addition, in June 2016, the Directorate-General for the Supervision of Food and Medicines issued the Procedure for the Registration of Infant and Young Children's Formulas for Milk Products, which requires that, in principle, each enterprise must not exceed three formulations in a series of nine products. In accordance with the criteria for the reform of the registration system, there are hundreds of infant and child formulas in the country.
In order to increase their competitiveness, Eli chose to continue with the new high-end large monoliths. After 2016, Erie’s milk plate rose again at a significant rate, mainly from the high-end single product “Gold crown” series.
The introduction of new products (the first high-end formula for infants and young children, “Golden Crown Care”), which were sold in the title series by $5 billion, increased the gross profit by $4,838 million in 2019 compared to 3,065 million in 2016, with the share of business being hit by the plate.
High-end infant and child milk powders such as the baby milk powder, the head of the canopy, the baby milk powder, and the baby organic formula powder, the golden crown. With the continued roll-out of high-end large single items, it is expected that corporate milk powder revenue growth will continue to grow in double-digit terms.
4. Cold drinks: The vanguard is still in place, product upgrading is driving up high-end growth, domestic dairy companies are rising up, and competition patterns have evolved from early and long-snowing into intense competition among foreign firms and domestic dairy companies. As end consumption rises, it is cold.
The domestic market for cold drinks is now diversified into brands and products, and the market’s growth has gradually subsided (in 2019, the country’s cold drink market has reached $138 billion). In terms of market share, in 2019, the economy was ranked first, with about 14% at this stage.
We are expected to increase further in the future with the continued roll-out of high-end brands of leading companies. The cold-water market share compares with the share of low-end brands in the cold-drinking market.
As the company’s cold-drinking income rises, Eli has not stagnated on the master-seller series, such as ceremonials, ice factories, but has chosen to upgrade the product series by continuing to introduce new high-end cold-drinking products, such as “sweetness” and “need to have fun.” At the same time, the company “sweets” through its partnership.
In addition, in 2019, after buying the first-ever Thai-led ice cream firm, Chomthana began to boost the company’s influence in the offshore cold-sanding plate. Overall, the revenue from the industry has remained around 10-15% for almost two years.
With the roll-out of new products and increased visibility abroad, the cold-smelling plate is expected to remain five, cheese: the environment is less competitive among national product plates, companies speed up the layout of cheese plate as consumption rises, consumers turn from milk-eating to milk-eating cheese with its healthy nutritional characteristics.
Overall, the cheese industry as a whole has been growing at a relatively high rate. We have a large, still import-dominated but slower pace, and the country’s brands are expected to hold.
The current consumption of cheese per capita in the country is much lower than in other developed countries internationally, and there is a larger difference between Japan and Korea, where the eating habits are similar. Moreover, the demand for higher consumption of cheese by consumers is mainly due to the rapid expansion of Western restaurants, resulting in over 75% of domestic final consumption of cheese.
At this stage, the domestic cheese market continues to be dominated by import brands. The top five brands are all imports.
The brands, headed by more than 20% of the BJF. Nationally produced cheese taps are much better than compared to BJF. Moreover, the milk products of the major taps, such as Eli, Monx, and bright cheese products, are not yet competitive. But since 2016, foreign brands have seen a sharp decline in import growth.
Most of them come from major dairy companies, which have started to make cheese plates, with the Moncer placing more emphasis on the cheese market, which, by doing so, can add a blue 5% share. As the size of the domestic cheese market continues to expand, and imports slow, the market share of the country’s product plate is expected to continue to rise.
In 2018, the State Council issued its Opinions on the Promotion of the Milk Industry’s Revival to Secure the Quality of Dairy Products, showing strong support for domestic cheese, which is expected to continue to benefit from market dividends in the future. Overall, the country’s cheese brand competition is now more liberal.
In a different environment, Eli can take advantage of his own channel to quickly cut out his share of the cheese market. Eli has moved late on the cheese, but, after a year of cheese business, has succeeded in achieving more than 200 million dollars in the first half of 2020, far more than in the first half of last year.
Children’s cheese sticks are the main end product, but recently adult cheese has been introduced to enrich their own plate lines. As cheese production expands, and market education comes with the advantage of expanding channels, Erie’s plate income is expected to reach 400-500 million dollars this year.
1. The four-step layout of the source of milk opens the door to the source of milk. For dairy companies, the richer the quality of the source of milk can effectively slow down upstream.
The pressure on milk prices has increased, while improving the quality of their products and their downstream influence. A four-step milk source strategy has been launched and implemented, during which three main sources of milk have been set up, consisting of a bag, Kyoto Tang, and the northeast, and new sources of milk have been set up in China and South China:
The first step is to introduce the company-cannon family development approach (1999): the first to change the shortage of upstream milk sources and the difficulty of collecting milk, the first to introduce an innovative model of “Corporate-cannon households” and the automated milking of dairy plants, which also significantly improves the quality of original milk and significantly improves the capacity of dairy farmers to raise milk.
The second step is to implement the company-cum-cow approach (2000): as the company develops and expands, the company’s growth and growth will lead to the creation of a healthy cycle of farming and farming.
Although the shortage of milk sources has been addressed, the growth of cow breeding and the poor level of vaccination technology has hampered the growth of cow farming. The company has introduced a model for the development of “Corporate with Cows,” which is based on “central breeding, centralized milking, scientific management, and unified vaccination.”
Heart, which has succeeded in increasing the milk production of cows and a significant reduction in the disease rate. Third step is the promotion of company-standardized rangeland models (2005). To further scale up and strengthen integrated management, Eli has managed to move from traditional cow farming to science through a third-step model.
The transformation of the model of globalization, standardization and modernization has significantly increased the volume and quality of milk produced by upstream cows.
Separation, organization of specialized production, largely the co-winners of companies, governments, farmers. 2. Continuous acquisition and cooperation, consolidation of quality milk source control, and control of rich milk source resources.
On the basis of the strengths of the “gold milk source” in Hullenberg, Siling and Xinjiang, the company has been working together in an equity and strategic manner to further increase its milk source control, including through its many sources of good quality milk such as the pastoralist industry, Saikosing, Middleland milk industry, modern livestock industry, and the dairy industry in Heisan.
Eli also acquired New Zealand’s second-largest dairy industry, Westland, in 2019, successfully expanding its overseas sources of quality milk. In addition, in order to consolidate milk sources and increase its own contribution to upstream milk growth, the company actively linked the cities of Inner Mongolia to the creation of a modern, intelligent and healthy valley, Hullenberg, Bayanjur, UNITA, Tonto.
Five major industrial cluster projects. (iii) The deep expansion and sinking of channels, which are beginning to take advantage of the front lines, are taking the lead in the national expansion and sinking of the dairy industry.
The trend of medium-to-decentralized consumption, and the future rise in demand in the sector, will be driven mainly by three-to-four-line cities and rural consumption. As early as 2006, Eli introduced the “National Weaving Network” project, with the main objective of nationalization, and soon expanded its coverage to the national market, leading to other milk in the industry.
Then, in 2007, Eli began to sink, entering the rural terminal through the Ministry of Commerce's “Ouen Villages” campaign, establishing initial contacts with consumers in the three or four-line urban and rural markets. In 2012, Eli began the deep-farming channel, further increasing its coverage and coverage and penetration rates.
Upgrade (as of December 2019, Ili's liquid milk market penetration rate was 84.3% and the township and village networks were close to 1039,000). Eli's focus was more on flattening the channels, making them more efficient.
In order to make the three-line urban and rural markets more efficient, Eli opted to gradually change the current “cooperative model” to a “distribution model”.
Cost terminals are developing market models with distributors, integrating the resources of different levels of cities for the supply and marketing of goods, making channels more sunk and, at the same time, strengthening channels to control them. Online distribution channels are active. As logistics and power suppliers move at a rapid rate, Eli's offline channels expand.
As of 2019, Ili's business income had risen at a rate of 49%.
With the rise of online consumption, Eli’s accounts receivable has risen year after year with the electricity suppliers’ channel. With the new crown epidemic in early 2020 providing further stimulus to consumer consumption habits on the line, Illinois will be paying more attention to the development of online channels.
The penetration rate of Eli is expected to slow in the future as the channels cover a shrinking area and the company ' s products are structured. Other low-temperature, liquid milk plates, such as low-temperature milk, cheese, milk beverages and bottled water, or newly developed plates, are expected to sink in the future through corporate channels.
(iv) Marketing techniques are becoming more sophisticated and good brand images are being successfully created. As a result of the 2008 melamine incident, Ili’s end product sales began to focus on branding after a huge shock in the same year.
Eli has chosen to improve his visibility by working with the World Expo in 2009 to become the only senior sponsor of dairy products, while launching the Big Action for Creaming in the same year to raise the country's perception of the quality of Eli's products, which could further mitigate the impact of the melamine incident and increase product sales.
Bottom, by working with Disney, the market for child dairy products was successfully opened, and the impact of the melamine incident on the company was largely restored. Then Eli was involved in the major high-profile activities of the cooperative, and high-profile brands were constantly raised, including major sports events, television shows, and the media.
Consumer-friendly programs or activities, such as films and all kinds of art. At the same time, prominent stars are invited to participate in protagonists’ products in order to get a higher-heat brand image that attracts consumers.
The high-end process has opened the way to brand upgrades. The market’s high-end winds have become apparent since 2018, and Eli believes that brand marketing needs to be upgraded more systematically. While participating in such events as the Olympic Games and major high-flow programmes continue to raise brand visibility, it begins to deepen brand content. Marketing measures include, for example, publishing.
The brand-new logo and visual recognition system, along with the upgrading of the Digital Access to Erie platform, created in 2008, to a unique ip resource, the Growing Discovery Tour, gave consumers more knowledge of the growth of the Erie brand and better image of the Elie's high-end dairy brand.
By 2019, Ili’s sales costs had exceeded $21 billion, of which advertising sales costs had remained high for almost two years.
(v) Brand advantage is evident, and the international position is rising to the top of the top five, and the future will hit the world first. Eli's performance in the international arena is bright and rising. From the ninth place in 2018 to this year's Global Milk 2020 announced by the Dutch Cooperative Bank.
The top five of the world’s top 20 rankings are not only a symbol of strength for Eli, but also a brand-new height for the entire Asian dairy company. In September 2019, the company proposed the battle of “global milk first, healthy food”
Since Pan took office, he has insisted on “high goal leadership,” and the achievement of the five-Power goal has made the battle even more definite. For the present Ely shares, the global landscape has been initially completed, in industrial chains, milk sources, R & D, and so on.
The value of Eli’s brand has been rising year by year (40% of Ely’s assets in 2016, with 1.4 billion in good pastures, have led to a fall in revenue growth).
Restricted consumption scenes, such as end-milk deliveries, have led to a decline in demand and an impact on sales revenues. For example, the former company benefited from a recovery in consumption after the outbreak was alleviated, the target for the three quarters was largely met, and sales are expected to continue to rise in the four quarters with the end of the two sections.
The company's interest rate has been kept up since 2015 through high-end monoliths such as the Gold Fairy and Ammush, and the product structure has been optimized to exceed the Māori rate by 2017. The Māori rate has remained at about 35% as of 2019, and has remained stable for the last two years, overall.
Net interest rates are also at a higher level in the industry, rising from 2015 to 2019, and rising costs after 2018, such as end-of-service advertising and employee pay. While net interest rates have declined in recent years, they are still at a higher level in the industry.
Profitability is upstream in the industry. Comparable company Māori ratio (%) Comparable company net interest rate (%)
In terms of cost rates for the period, Eli has remained stable at around 28% in the long run since 2015, and is middle-streaming for comparable companies. Discounted, Ili ' s sales rates for 2015-2019 have been maintained for marketing costs, from 2019 to the third quarter of 2020, owing to a reduction in consumer marketing and the impact of the epidemic.
The company’s administrative costs are maintained at 4-6%, and the fall in 2016-2018 is mainly due to a reduction in staff costs. The cost of R & D and the financial costs remain slightly volatile.
Rates of sale (%) of Elie ' s (%) Figure 73 (%) Cost of management (%) Debt solvency: companies have a strong long-term short-term solvency.
Short-term bonds have increased, and debt service levels have declined. The overall firm has a relatively strong short-term solvency capacity. In terms of long-term debt servicing, the corporate asset-liability ratio has remained below 60 per cent for almost five years, below comparable firms, with volatility.
Compared to Monx and Light, Eli's total asset turnover is consistently higher than comparable companies, and accounts receivable are lower than comparable companies, mainly due to strong corporate access controls, combined with industry leadership and higher bargaining power. In early 2020, the epidemic hit the industry, making it less efficient, but Eli works.
The company’s ability to operate is generally higher in the industry. Figure 79 compares to the company’s accounts receivable days (days) and the company’s total asset turnover rate (twice)
Sliding, mainly from the net increase in central bank deposits by financial companies and the increase in corporate income and value-added tax payments; the fall in 2019 compared to 2018 was mainly due to the acquisition of New Zealand Westland. Overall, cash flows from Iley operations continued to flow, and remained in place until 2019.
In terms of sales yields, Eli has remained relatively stable since 2016, at a higher level in the industry, and has a better liquidity. Cash flows for corporate operations as a whole are more comparable to those for corporate operations (billions of yuan).
Liquefied milk: constant-temperature milk with a clear trend towards high-end tiles, the main engine of growth in the future comes from quality.
The market share has been raised to a higher level (Golden House increased its share in liquid milk in 2019 to 6.7%);
The city of Mush has a 17.6% share of yogurt brands. Gold fairs and Ammush sales also broke by $10 billion and $20 billion, respectively, in 2019, and grew at about 15% or more at a higher rate. Overall, the industry is expected to grow at a low rate in the future.
Large markets for large singles of warm, with a higher profit level, are still able to support the company’s basic development. With the stronger channel capacity of Ely and the large number of tunnels laid down, the growing consumption of gold in low-line cities and rural areas, the company’s constant temperature plate remains.
There's room for upscaling. Low-temperature milk, which is now concentrated on low-temperature yogurt milk, is currently being laid out by companies to control the sources of milk and to select some of the low-temperature cities with less competitive pressures. The same is true for products.
At the middle and high end, three low-temperature milks, now called "Golden Precious Milk" and "Grandland Milk in the Morning" and "Erie Milk" have expanded the introduction of low-temperature white milk for new products. With stable layouts combined with high-end consumer demand boosted by the impact of the new crown epidemic, Eli's low-temperature milk rose in the first half of 2020.
70%. The company has grown more mature in low-temperature yogurt milk, where 31.1% of the market was in 2019, with large monolithic fluids remaining in the first brand of the low-temperature yogurt milk industry, and sales revenue growing at about 20% as the demand for low-temperature milk rose again in the last two years.
The terminal was affected by the epidemic during the first half of the year, but with rising consumption after the mid-autumn season following the epidemic, it is expected that the decline in the cryogenic plate this year will be short-term, with the company expected to continue its double-digit growth trend in the medium to long term. On balance, the company's liquid milk plate is expected to grow at a two-speed rate.
Milk powder and dairy products: The plates are still in a larger market share of imported brands. As the quality of milk powder has improved in the country and national policies have supported it, domestic milk powder has gradually returned to the domestic market.
In order to increase their competitiveness, Eli has chosen to continue to roll out new, high-end big monoliths to boost the performance of the plate. After 2016, Eli quickly recovered sales through a series of high-end large monoliths, the “gold crown” series, with $5 billion in the 2018 championship series.
In 2019, the gross profit on the company ' s milk plate was 57.85 per cent higher than in 2016 by $4.838 billion, and the growth in the company ' s milk powder business is expected to continue in double digits.
In 2019, the country’s cold drink market reached $138 billion. In terms of market share, Ely was the first, with about 14 per cent, to maintain the status of a domestic cooling board. The company also introduced new high-end cold drinks, such as “Short” and “Breaking” using similar models to other plates.
Products, with the acquisition in 2019 of Chomthana, Thailand's first dragon-headed ice cream company, and Eli's cold drink business income, which has remained at a rate of about 10-15% for the last two years. As new products continue to be rolled out, and as the sea continues, a combination of the important products of each plate is available, using the Golden Fair's “Anmush” as “light” and “less” for each profit.
“joyday” “Charlots” “Freaking 100%” of the combined revenues from the sale of focused products have increased at a gradual rate of decline, but by 2019 they will remain at a high rate of growth of more than 20%. In combination, although they tend to be warm and saturated, the company’s products have continued to grow at a high rate of growth.
At this stage, the upturn in the prices of the original upstream milk has been slow, with the impact of the epidemic declining in the first half of 2020, but the overall upward trend is still clear. On the market side, the oligarchic pattern is still clear.
However, given that the future development of Eli’s products is different from the beginning of the bias, we believe that the long-term strategy of the two-hut may also differ considerably, and that the competitiveness of the two-hut is expected to decline in the future. As a result, the promotion of the Ely terminal will be slowed down, and the cost of sales is expected to fall.
And the amortization of long-term service plans is expected to increase in the next two years, and Eli's management costs are expected to be higher in early 2020, with the company being affected by the epidemic, costs rising, and profits running. As the epidemic slows down, demand on the consumer side is rising, and corporate performance is improving.
Large channels and brand advantages, the status of the pyrotechnics are stable, and high-end end dividends are being released. In addition, companies have continued to do this through the introduction of large, single-species, and low-temperature milk.
Year 32x valuation, for the first time covered, giving companies an “upgrading” rating.
The securities investment advisory business is an activity in which institutions and their consultants have acquired the relevant qualifications issued by regulatory authorities to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, forecasting or advice on portfolio investment, and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.