Alumina shares (000807.sz) Increased capacity to produce, and the growth in primary aluminium production is significant.
+60.2 per cent net operating cash flow of $2.75 billion, or 32.9 per cent of the year, the company announced its medium-term profit share. The share of net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was 31.67 per cent, based on the company's current total equity of 3,468 million shares.
The opportunity has been quickly regenerated, with the company’s 2024 electrolytic aluminium production plan amounting to 2.7 million tons, which is now halfway through the mission. If Yunnan has sufficient electricity in the fourth quarter, the company will probably be able to complete or exceed the year’s target.
The asset-liability ratio continues to decline, and the financial burden has been significantly reduced. Companies have continued to reduce their financial leverage through the boom in the electrolytic aluminium industry in recent years, and by the end of June 2024, corporate asset-liability ratios had significantly increased their profitability.
Green power has a prominent advantage: the company is the country’s largest provider of green low-carbon aluminium, with a strong green power advantage in Toyunnan Province, with more than 80% of the green power in the company’s power structure in the first half of 2024. Green aluminium produced in the public sector, based on green energy, is about 20% of coal-fired aluminium.
Aluminium shares (000807.sz) - benefits from the expansion of the national carbon market, low-carbon aluminium products
Alumina shares (000807.sz) - Cost advantages highlighted, profitability stabilized - Aluminium Oxide price of $3700/t (former value of $3200/t) and Proximity price of $4,000/t. The low-carbon advantage of the product will be further highlighted, maintaining a “better than the market” rating.
A net cash flow of $2.75 billion, compared to +32.9 per cent, announced a medium-term profit distribution plan: based on the company ' s current total equity stock of $3.468 billion, a gold dividend of $2.3 (including taxes) was found to be distributed to all 10 shareholders, and a gold dividend of $798 million was found, representing the net shareholding of listed companies in the 2024 semi-annual consolidated statements.
As the power situation improved in Yunnan in the first half of the year, the company seized the opportunity to provide sufficient power in Yunnan in the fourth quarter, and the company probably completed or exceeded its annual target. With the exception of the original aluminium, the company’s output of products such as aluminium oxide, charcoal, etc., is consistent with annual plans.
Figure 5: Aluminium shares are attributable to the net profit of the mother and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Aluminium shares are attributed to the net profit of the mother in a single season (in millions of yuan) The asset-liability ratio continues to decline and the financial burden is significantly reduced. As of the end of June 2024, corporate money was available.
Billions of dollars, mainly due to the resumption of work during the reporting period, increased production capacity and corresponding inventory increases; similar to other electrolytic aluminium listing companies, the cloud aluminium shares have continuously reduced their financial leverage through the high-scenario cycle in the electrolytic aluminium industry in recent years. As of the end of June 2024, the company had an interest-bearing debt of $4.02 billion, almost equal to the assets of the company at the end of 2023.
Green power has been the largest supplier of green low-carbon aluminium in the country, based on the rich green power advantage of Toyunnan Province, with more than 80% of green power in the company’s production structure in the first half of 2024.
Green aluminium produced in color energy is about 20% carbon-emissions compared to coal-fired aluminium. Companies have a high profitability for aluminium: the carbon advantage will be further highlighted, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject