2024h1 performance forecast for a significant increase, mainly due to the recovery of capacity and the Aluminium-Cylvana (000807.sz) incident evaluation report.
The main reasons for the significant growth in the company's performance as a result of the accelerated resumption of production capacity and the significant growth in the company's performance are: increased access to the power management sector, active pursuit of electricity loads, faster recovery of the electrolytic aluminium production capacity, and the achievement of a higher rate of recovery.
There has been a significant increase in the capacity load of electrolytic aluminium production; at the same time, the company has seized on the market opportunities of higher aluminium prices, and has continued to increase its marketing efforts and actively expand the market, which has led to a significant increase in the volume of sales of the company ' s aluminium products and an increase in business performance.
Long. In the first half of 2024, domestic prices of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide increased. 2024h1 China ' s Changjiang colour market a00 aluminium averaged 19781 ton, compared to +6.99 per cent, and 2024h1 China ' s Amteco aluminium oxide averaged 3505 ton.
The market initially recognized a green aluminium premium, and the company converted economic benefits from green branding excellence, 1. "Aluminium in cloud " (000807); under aluminium.
Companies are currently the largest suppliers of green, low-carbon aluminium in the country. The price premium for green aluminium is falling, affecting the company's profits, and looking at the company's long-term greening is gradually being accepted by the market. Some downstream firms have started to accept the company's green.
Aluminium values 2024-03-31 Aluminium premium. The company will take advantage of this advantage and seize the country to build a green low-carbon cycle, 2 Aluminium clouds (000807); Aluminium electrolysis
The opportunities of the economic system, and the favourable timing of the EU border carbon tariffs, are expected to be restored by reproducing and selling in the second half of the year by "green aluminum value chain marketing" and developing new client groups that will make green brands work.
Given the company's continuous deployment of the Green Power Project, forward cost advantages are expected to become apparent and the build-up of aluminium is expected to be robust, and this upgrade is expected to maintain the “buy 1” risk of production limits for electrolytic aluminium; 2) the risk of falling prices for electrolytic aluminium; and 3) significant costs
Increased risk; 4) downstream demand is less than expected; 5) recovery is less than expected.
Dufei: Carbon neutral group member, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, responsible for color research and new materials.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.