Aluminium tungsten (000807.sz) Metal material group.
The average price of 2q24 aluminum in the market is 20.5 million yuan per ton, 1. " Aluminium shares: Reproduction step by step, gyre season or accelerosis + 7.82 per cent, aluminium oxide + 3720 yuan per ton, ring + 9.48 per cent over the same period.
2. " Aluminium Aluminium Holdings: O4 sales have significantly increased by tons, ring + 11 per cent, aluminium oxide and carbon production has been largely flat since March. The company ' s electrolytic aluminium production has been gradually restored, complete production has been restored by mid-July, and q2 original aluminium production has been produced.
3. Aluminium Aluminium Holdings: Green Aluminium Growth Performance, which achieved a small increase in the production ring ratio. In the context of a substantial increase in volume prices in the second quarter, the firm achieved a small increase in its performance.
The 1h24 process Māori has improved significantly, and the competitive advantage of green aluminium integration in the whole industry chain has been highlighted. 1h24 has achieved a Māori rate of 15.43 per cent for electrolytic aluminium products, a decline of 2.94 percentage points and a Māori rate of 15.61 per cent for aluminium-processing products, an increase of 2.1 percentage points.
Aluminium-processed products have a slightly higher Maori rate than electrolytic aluminium, i.e., the company’s aluminum insomnia processing process, which has been a significant improvement in the 23-year delay in the company’s performance during the first half of this year. The company is the largest green low-carbon aluminium supplier in the country, pushing for “alloyization”
Strategies, expansion of aluminium applications and upgrading to medium- and high-end products, development and industrialization of aluminum welds, high-precision aluminium, aluminum alloys with high-end aluminium alloys, new aluminium alloys, aluminium alloys with aeronautical alloys, and 3n aluminum ingots with competitive advantages to achieve high-end products.
In order to boost the long-term stability of the industry, the valuation system has gradually shifted to the resource side. In Yunnan Province, the Ministry has been working to enhance the development of bauxite, relying on its own resources, which have grown to produce 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide per year.
Industry development provides a stronger resource guarantee for bauxite-aluminum oxide. As the electrolytic aluminium industry gradually reaches its energy-red line, domestic production is expected to decline significantly after 25 years, and the search needs to benefit from robust growth in applications in the fields of new energy vehicles and photovoltaics, with electrolytic aluminium chain supply.
The gap needs to be gradually widened, and it is expected that the stability of profitability in the industry will be further enhanced, with a valuation system that will gradually shift from smelting to upstream resource pricing; aluminium prices will fluctuate significantly; electricity will be restricted; and raw materials prices will increase.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market