The profits of the company increased significantly, mainly due to the volume price of aluminium products, the Aluminium shares (000807.sz) incident evaluation report. The Aluminium shares published a 2024-month annual report: the company became operational in the first half of 2024.
The increase in production prices has been accompanied by a significant increase in the q2-q1 ring yield, a significant increase in profits, and the increase in the volume of aluminium products, which is the main reason. The significant increase in profits of the 2024h1 company is mainly due to an increase in sales and sales of aluminium products on a par.
In terms of production, 2024h1 produces 135.07 million tons of original aluminium, corresponding to 58.770 million tons of aluminium processed products, compared to 1.94 per cent of the year, and 39.75 million tons of carbon products, compared to 4.69 per cent of the year; in terms of prices, 2024h1 Chinese Yangtze is colored
On a quarterly basis, the production of 2024q2 electrolytic aluminium has increased significantly. 2024q2 aluminium oxide production, 35.74 million tons, or 2.24 per cent of the ring ratio; carbon product production, 19,91,000 tons, or 0.35 per cent of the ring, or 71.38 million tons of the original aluminium, or 12.07 per cent of the ring, or aluminium.
The main reason for the significant increase in production in the second quarter was the technical adaptation of two electrolytic production lines in Yunnan, while the power situation improved in Yunnan Province, with a significant increase in capacity utilization and electricity consumption.
Efficient and stable operation of the silos and high productivity innovation in key products. Performance is forecast to increase significantly, mainly as a result of the recovery of productive capacity, stronger resource security and enhanced integration of the industrial chain
According to the current survey, the company Yunnan bauxite mine is concentrated mainly in Mansan State, Zhao 2 and " Aluminium shares " (000807); under aluminium prices, Tang City, etc., in order to enhance the development of bauxite in Yunnan Province, depending on its own aluminium.
The fall has affected the company's profits, as well as the company's long-term greenness, the advantages of the earth's mineral resources, and the production of 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide per year has been formed in the Aluminium Mountain.
Module, which provides the company with a stronger bauxite-aluminium oxide capital for green aluminium industry development, 3, Aluminium cloud shares (000807), electrolytic aluminium recovery, expected to be restored in the second half of the year
The company also has 800,000 tons of alumina production capacity, 20,000 tons of graphite cathode production, and a joint venture with Soto to develop the 900,000 tons of anaerocarbon production project has been successfully launched, with a further increase in the aluminum self-sufficiency rate.
Resource advantages for aluminium and aluminum for carbon are effective in controlling production costs and reducing the risk of price fluctuations for bulk-based supplements. 1) Risk of production limits for electrolytic aluminium; 2) Risk of falling prices for electrolytic aluminium; 3) Large costs
Uplift risk; 4) downstream demand less than expected; 5) Yunnan restricted production risk Corporate profitability forecast (millions of dollars) Introduction to New Materials Group
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having submitted specific proposals or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.