(b) Reduced corporate performance and increased profitability: corporate operating income since 2015 (www.crrcgc.cc)
China’s China Motors Corporation (CMC) has a narrow income. During the same period, the company’s net return to its parent has recovered, up by 10.6% over the same period, showing signs of stability in the first three quarters of the company’s business. The decline in its return to its mother’s net profit was relatively small, and it was in 2018.
In the first three quarters of the year, there was a sharp rise in corporate performance. Although there was a decline, the company's real profitability, the company's prospects for new products, and the demand for cars with a “public-transit” policy belt: on November 28, 2018, the company's new product, 160 km per hour, had bulk production protocols.
On November 30th, the Iron Master's Purchasing Group 10, Chief Editor, The Market Value of the Circulation a Unit (millions of dollars) Group 18, which led to the upgrading of the Ripper to the start of the Motion. We believe that the need for the Momentum is great.
This includes, inter alia, replacement requirements for the bus, the suspension of tenders for the bus in 2016-2018 and the demand for a new railway passenger line, and a conservative estimate of 98,000 trucks, 2004 locomotives, and trucks in Chinese cars between 2019 and 2020.
Over $150 billion in revenue will be generated from the business block. The city’s traffic peak over the next three years has benefited from the depth of the company’s track: in August 2018, the Commission relaunched the approval process for urban orbital transport construction, which has since been heavily approved by the Commission.
The speed of urban investments is clear in several cities. We're counting the recent urban track project, which is expected to generate new urban track vehicle requirements in 2019-2021. Data cut-off date: 0603/2019.
5473 vehicles, 10571 vehicles, 4961 vehicles. The need for additional urban track vehicles is expected in the coming years.
Urban track and urban infrastructure operations: The expected revenue in 2018 is due to different types of urban track subway products delivered. New industry operations: it is expected that companies will continue to consolidate the position of new business in the industry in the future, with income stability, a decline in modern business size but a rapid increase in the Māori rate.
Business and Maori rates are stable. The growth rate of revenue from modern company services is projected for 2018-2020.
Fixed growth. The market share of companies in the engine of overhauling the market will gradually decrease as a result of total iron competition, but it is not expected that the pattern of large-scale garage repairs will change rapidly from the company to the iron-based market, and the growth in the parts procurement management sector is expected to become a new performance growth point.
Based on the results of the current urban track project, 2019-2021, the city track peaks. Given the large number of urban track projects that have been approved by the Commission for the Re-establishment of the city track, and the progress of the national infrastructure short-board policy, we believe that the risks of large-scale suspension, postponement, etc. due to policy changes are less likely to arise in the construction of the project.
Over the next few years, a relatively definite peak period for urban trams will trigger a significant increase in the demand for urban track vehicles over the next few years. 3. The company, which has been working for many years in new industries, is now leading the industry in new energy buses, wind power equipment, high-molecular materials, etc.
The sector’s leading position will continue to be consolidated, with steady expansion of domestic and foreign markets. 1. The rapid growth in the number of tenders for all railways and the rapid growth in the number of tenders for urban-track vehicles: the company as the industry’s absolute leader, the growth in the number of tenders for rail equipment will directly benefit the performance of the company’s railway equipment.
2. The winning foreign major projects: while generating substantial profits for the company, the winning major foreign projects will also boost the company ' s position and competitiveness in the international market, which will enable the company to continue to open up international markets.
Market risk: With regard to the domestic market, when we make profit projections, we assume that railways and urban track vehicles will grow somewhat in the future. If the number of tenders for railway vehicles or the number of purchases of urban track vehicles falls short of expectations, the company’s performance will be significantly affected.
In terms of market patterns, a major change in market patterns, such as the emergence of new competitors on railways, urban tracks, etc., would threaten the firm’s absolute dominance and affect its performance.
Future major changes in the international market situation may have a greater impact on the performance of firms. 3. Risks of policy uncertainty: uncertainty about policies such as the turnover equipment industry policy, new industrial policy, market access policy, etc. will pose risks to the operation and development of firms.
China’s Chinese vehicle, a+h share marketed in 2015 by a combination of Chinese North and Chinese South, is the leading company in China’s rail transit and equipment industry, and is the largest, most varied and technologically leading provider of rail transport equipment worldwide. Currently, the company’s main operations are mainly railway equipment operations, urban track and urban infrastructure operations, and new industries.
The company’s series of products, represented by high-speed cars, high-power motor vehicles, railway trucks, urban orbital vehicles, has reached a full world-class level, adapted to a variety of geographical circumstances and to meet the needs of diversified markets. The company’s products are now exported to nearly 100 countries and regions on six continents, and are gradually moving from one country to another.
The shift in product exports to technology exports, capital exports and globalized operations. 1.2 Equity structures and subsidiaries, as shown by the data disclosed in the tri-quarterly report of 2018, are in the form of direct or indirect ownership of the company.
53 per cent of the shares, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council being the ultimate controlling party of the company, and the firm’s stable equity structure. By the first half of 2018, there were 38 major subsidiaries and affiliates of the company, of which five, namely, quadruple shares, long-stay shares, Tangshan Corporation, Changzhou Agency, Chochu Company, etc., had contributed more than 60 per cent of the company’s operating income, exceeding that of the company’s five subsidiaries.
80% of companies have net profits. 1.3 Research and development capabilities are increasing, with multiple new products making breakthroughs. Companies have always focused on innovation drivers, fostering competitiveness across the globe.
This combines the creation of an innovative system of in-depth integration of business, “government, production, learning, research, and use.” The objective is to “lead the development of the global orbital transport equipment industry” and to promote autonomy, openness, synergy, innovation, and capacity development. Corporate R & D costs account for about 5% of business income, and are published by the European Commission as “Global Enterprises 2016”
In January 2018, the National High-speed Train Technology Innovation Centre signed up for the completion of the construction of the first project, with the Chinese vehicle taking the lead.
The national priority R & D programme for advanced orbital transport is progressing well with the development of a variety of high-end railway equipment, such as the 350-km “Recovery” high-speed, 160-km high-speed, fast-cargo, back-carrying and other high-end equipment, with major breakthroughs in unmanned technologies, municipal water treatment technologies, etc. With new company technologies, new productions, etc.
The breakthrough in terms of goods has been further strengthened by the company’s leading position in the industry.2 There has been a steady increase in profitability, healthy growth in diversified industries, a narrow fall in 2.1-centre harvest and a sharp increase in profits
4.4 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018, where corporate profits stopped rebounding, and where net returns increased significantly by 10.6 per cent over the same period. Overall, corporate performance has been declining since 2016, with business earnings declining, with signs of business stability in the first three quarters of 2018.
Small, and up sharply in the first three quarters of 2018. Thus, while corporate performance is declining, the company’s real profitability has increased.
2.2 A healthy growth of the diversified industry, with a steady increase in interest rates, the company’s main operations are divided into four main lines of operations: railway equipment, new industries, urban infrastructure, and modern services.
From the point of view of the Māori rate, the Māori rate of companies has been rising steadily since 2015. The Māori rate of railway equipment operations has remained stable at around 25% since 2015. Māori levels of the Māori rate of new industry businesses are relatively low, but rising faster.
In summary, the company’s four major business portfolios are healthy and the diversification of the industry has been successful. New industries have developed into the company’s backbone, and the profitability of modern services has been fast-tracked with the restructuring of the business.
In the third quarter of 2018, China achieved $71.7 billion in operating income from the Chinese railway supply plate. The company is our railway.
The market position is unshakeable, especially for railway vehicles. Because of the nature of the industry, the customers of the company’s railway supply plates are highly concentrated in the performance of the company’s head office and its own railway offices and companies, railway equipment plates and the overall demand for iron.
As of the third quarter of 2018, the share of the company ' s four-part operations was 56 per cent, 20 per cent, 19 per cent, and 5 per cent respectively. Currently, the domestic railway passenger component is increasingly dependent on the movement of trains, and the new demand for ordinary buses is gradually being squeezed by the crowd, so that the company ' s revenue and revenue share of the bus business are moving year by year.
Low. Business income from moving fleets cooled rapidly after 70% growth in 2014 and reached a low performance by 2017, with a 14% recovery in quarterly moving plates. From 2016 onward, the ratio of corporate motorbikes to vans remained essentially the same, and the rate of growth in the fleet was the same as from 2017. In our view, this was mainly due to passenger transportation.
The rolling stock of the locomotive market has been squeezed, which has led to a gradual convergence of the needs of the locomotive and the locomotives. 3.2 The railway investment remains high and the industry has benefited fully from the company as the absolute leader of the domestic railway equipment market, and its railway equipment section operates with fixed capital from our railways.
Compared to the increase in fixed-assets investment in railways and the growth in the company’s railway equipment revenues, both showed a marked decline in 2016 and remained largely stable after the rebound in 2017. As can be seen, the performance of the public railway equipment plate is more closely related to the investment in fixed-assets in railways.
On October 31, 2018, the State Council issued guidance on maintaining the capacity of the infrastructure sector, which will accelerate the construction of the high-iron “8-8” project, the construction of major railway projects, and the planning of inter-city railways in Kyoto and Hong Kong, among others.
At present, the country’s fixed investment in railways has been stable at more than $800 billion for almost four years, after reaching a high point in 2015. We believe that the investment in fixed railway assets is expected to reach 1.
At the annual working session, the iron master indicated that in 2019, the additional railway mileage would reach 6,800 kilometres, an increase of 45 per cent over the previous year. To meet the target of 150,000 kilometres of railway operations set out in the 13th Five-Year Plan, new lines would be launched in 2020, exceeding 12,000 kilometres, an increase of 79 per cent over the previous year.
3. According to the previous report, China Railway ' s railway line debt amounted to 300 billion yuan in 2019, a significant increase of 25 per cent compared to 2018, providing sufficient ammunition for the substantial increase in railway fixed asset investment in 2019.
3.3 Moved car fleets and passenger plates: the demand for moving units is stable and the outlook for new products is stable. In 2019, the General Railways reported in its annual workshop that 4,100 km of the new railway line was launched in high iron in 2018 and 3,200 km of the new high iron line was secured in 2019.
According to this data, the country’s high-iron mileage from 2017 to 2019 went up at about 10%. In the last year of the 13th Five-Year Plan 2020, the country’s high-iron mileage is not expected to be significantly downgraded and can be stabilized at around 10%.
At about 2900 (approximately 360 standard columns), the company’s future performance of the high-iron plate is guaranteed. 3.3.2 introduces a new engine product to replace the popular future. We expect that another break in the company’s performance with the motor team and bus plate will come from the company’s new product - moving.
The power-concentrated motor unit is the lowest-level moving group product in the Renaissance series, and it is expected to replace the existing bus with a large area in the future. The power-concentrated motor vehicle unit (set) at 160 km per hour is led by China Railways and Chinese Chinese vehicles, and is led by the Chinese flag countries of Tangshan, Pu Jin, Dalian, Qingjiang, Quantao Quantao Quantao Qing.
According to the Iron Academy, this motor train was developed primarily to improve the quality of established rail transport services, to make full use of the transport resources of established lines and of the inspection resources of both organic and passenger vehicles, which can be used for the use of existing passenger routes for both universal and passenger and cargo transport.
On November 28, 2018, the power-concentrating unit of 160 km per hour was granted a model and a manufacturing licence, marking the mass production conditions and commercial operational qualifications of the 160 km per hour drive.
The competitive negotiations for this dynamic grouping of purchases were launched, and the procurement short group set up 10 groups, the chief group organized 18 groups, and the crowds upgraded the crowds to the beginning of the campaign. According to the company announcement, the total amount of this power-driven group sales contract is about RMB 3 billion.
By 2017, the country will have 73,000 railway buses, which will have a huge upgrading space. The motor set could be used to replace third-generation 25-type vehicles, including 25g and 25t, whose production began on a large scale in 1994. We assume that the new railway buses will gradually be replaced by a passive build-up after 1994, with a useful life of 25 years.
The number of new passenger vehicles was 1623 and 1386 respectively, corresponding to the need for an engine replacement by 2019-2020 in 203 and 173 (in eight rows). In fact, there was a demand for replacements for the first two generations of buses in the marketplace, the need for upgrading as a result of the stagnation in the bidding for the bus from 2016 to 2018, the need for a newly built railway passenger line, etc.
Thus, we conservatively estimate the volume of vehicles sold in the year 2019-2020 at 150 to 200 columns, which will take up the high-level market for every 3.3.3 iron grabs, and the purchase of spare parts into a new profit point.
It is carried out within the moving car station; level III, IV and V is advanced and is carried out in a number of places with the appropriate vehicle-type overhaul qualifications. The first level is based on visual examination and functional testing; the second level includes performance testing and maintenance on the basis of visual examination and functional testing; and the third level consists mainly of disassembly and maintenance of the turn-on racks.
Performance testing and maintenance of systems such as brakes, toweds, air conditioning: Level 4 overhauls primarily for the systems of the moving car team, and decomposition checks; Level 5 overhauls for the complete vehicle, with a larger range of spare parts updated.
On the basis of the winning data available, there is a downward trend in the market share of the company’s high-level maintenance unit, with the company’s market share at around 60% from the first bid in 2017. In recent years, the company has invested in the creation of a maintenance base, the overhaul of its locomotives, and the deliberate restriction of Chinese cars in the high-level repair market.
Campnet reports that, in order to achieve a “zero inventory” reduction, iron will leave the acquisition of equipment, spare parts management, logistics and inventory in the maintenance of the unit to Chinese vehicles. According to the agreement, the Road Bureau will no longer concentrate on the purchase of spare parts, but will replace them with the use of Chinese vehicles. Under this new model, Chinese cars will be sold at a significantly higher price.
We believe that the company’s market share in the engine’s overhaul market will gradually decline as a result of iron aggregate competition, but it is not expected to change quickly the pattern in which the engine’s major overhaul market is divided between the company and iron. In the new, and the acquisition of accessories, the growth of the acquisition management business is expected to affect the performance impact of the market’s loss.
Figure 20: Mobilization of motor vehicles to check the market situation 3.4: The “public train” policy continues to advance, with companies benefiting from the depth of the relevant plates. For a long time, the volume of rail traffic in our country has been only about 10 per cent of the volume of road cargo and the capacity of rail cargo transport has not been met.
In this context, the Ministry of the Environment published in 2017 the Programme of Work for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in and around Kyoto 2017, which states that all the coal in the sequestered ports of Tianjin, Hebei and the Rim Sea are mainly transported by rail.
In July 2018, China Railways will implement the Action Plan for Incremental Cargoes 2018-2020. As indicated in the Programme, by 2020, the country's rail cargo volume will be 4.79 billion tons, and the bulk of cargo will be the proportion of total rail cargo.
From the data on rail traffic, the “trail-for-road” policy has had a significant impact on the volume of rail cargo. Since the end of 2017, the volume of rail cargo has been on the decline, rising by 9 per cent in 2018 compared to 2017.
This is also reflected in the volume of purchases of railway locomotives and locomotives, which in 2018 were 58,000 and 759 vehicles, respectively, an increase of 34 per cent and 11 per cent over the previous year. According to reports from China, the Iron Master Plan purchased 78,000 vans and 1564 locomotives in 2019; 98,000 vans were purchased in 2020 and the railways are expected to be 2004.
The purchase of vehicles will generate more than $150 billion in revenue for the company.4 The city's interlocking plates: the city's railways reach their peak in the next three years, with 4.1 subways becoming the mainstream of the domestic urban track, with the company occupying an absolute leader.
According to the classification of urban public transport, urban rail traffic consists of seven types: metro system, light rail system, single-track system, trams, magnetic float system, etc. According to the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association, as of the first half of 2017, the urban rail line system was mainly a metro, with a ratio of 77.6 per cent.
The city track vehicle market is also based on its position as an absolute leader, and China's orbital network reports that Chinese cars account for about 90% of the market share of domestic subway vehicles.
4.2 Underground rail traffic reached a peak and company track performance was guaranteed The country’s urban orbital circuits have been growing at a high rate of about 14-20% in recent years. According to FCN, new urban orbital mileage will reach 870 km in 2018, an increase of 17% over 2017.
The number of operational vehicles has also increased with the increase in the number of urban track lines. In August 2018, a year later, the Governing Board re-opened the approval process for urban track transport construction, after which it heavily approved several city track projects, signalling an increase in the speed of urban track investment.
We have counted the recently built urban track project, which, according to the results, is expected to be 995 km, 1922 km, 902 km in 2019-2021. By urban track density of 5.5 km, conservatively estimated additional urban track vehicle requirements for 2019-2021 were 5473, 10571 and 4961 respectively, taking into account the year of urban track vehicles.
In the production cycle or so, the demand for additional urban track vehicles will gradually evolve into corporate performance in the coming years.
In October 2014, China’s northern car signed a contract with mbta for a Boston Red Orange subway project of approximately $567 million, and the 284 subway trains became the first-ever state-track traffic equipment to enter the US market. In December 2018, the first subway vehicles officially dropped off, marking an important step in China’s home-grown production operations in the United States.
After many years of rapid development and accumulation, the Division has become the world’s leader in the railway rolling stock industry. According to the German first item, namely, electric motor vehicles, high-speed trains, buses, trucks and subway vehicles, the company’s operations are now expanding to all parts of the world and occupy a seat in developed countries such as the United States, Germany, Australia, etc.
Overseas R & D centres have also been set up in Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, etc., to exploit overseas R & D resources and develop talent. Since 2016, companies have frequently obtained a large list of overseas track equipment, which will be released over the next three years, taking into account the two-year manufacturing period of overseas track equipment.
6.1 The New Industry Block: high-end product targeting and industry leading China’s Chinese Cars Development Strategy, based on core technology and equipment manufacturing advantages, has been working on the extension and development of industries other than orbital exchanges. Companies have been working through political and corporate cooperation, joint ventures and supply chain integration, among other things.
By the third quarter of 2018, the new industry had developed into the second largest operating block of the company, with a larger share of operating income than the new industry, which consisted mainly of General Power and Emerging Industries. General Power and Power for Nuclear Control.
The new industry focuses on high-end equipment, focusing on new materials, new energy, environmentally friendly water treatment equipment, seawork equipment, etc., focusing on new and emerging strategic operations such as new materials, new energy sources, green water treatment equipment, seawork equipment, etc., with a focus on market segmentation and market strengthening.
6.1.1 General-purpose power and power: consolidation of core strengths, promotion of product upgrading The company's general-purpose power and power operations build on core strengths in the field of orbital transport equipment, following the path of specialization, precision, specialization and new development, optimizing the allocation of resources, enhancing core capabilities, supporting the technical upgrading of orbital transport equipment products, and broadening the application area,
Currently, there are six enterprises in the Drivers ' Electricity Industry that cover mainly core components and customs.
The development, production, testing and testing of key systems have a wide range of applications, which, in addition to the orbital transport equipment that can be used for railways, motor vehicles, passenger vehicles, locomotives, urban rail vehicles, etc., can be used in a variety of industries such as wind power, ships, etc. Chart 34: Overview of the main general utility electrical products of Chinese vehicles
The towed motor system usually takes the form of hand-to-direct-to-way transmission. The towed equipment consists mainly of various high-voltage electrical devices, main transformers, tractors, tractors, etc.
The brakes are essential for the safety of motor vehicles and trains, as well as for the upgrading of railways.
Remote control systems, some of which use remote control systems (i.e. distributional) to complement China's economic growth.
The locomotive control system, ip-cotrol, extends the length of the train, starting with the 10,000-degree train. The lp-cotrol-dp locomotive control system is a fully integrated distributed power control system, with the motor vehicle control system (tcms) at its core, combined.
The integrated information monitoring system for motor vehicle safety and the ccb-11 air braking system currently in place in the country, designed with an electrical circuit outside the locomotive.
The main effect of the cooling system is to vent electrical equipment on a vehicle that needs to cool off. Major transformers, towed transformers, tractor motors, etc., require the use of forced cooling so that the large amounts of heat generated by the operation of these power plants can be recycled through the air and distributed to a large extent.
In the air, the temperature of the work does not exceed the permitted value.
Accompanied electrical systems have well-established electrical and fire protection functions: power modules have been used.
Protection features such as current, overpressure, brother, radiator, etc., each auxiliary load with overloading and short circuits, gear transfer system, cavity system with slashed wheels, and a single line of cone roller bearings will be placed face-to-face.
(b) Practised lubricating methods, with suitable tanks and corridors in the gear tank to ensure sufficient lubricating of the gear and axle under various velocity, load, temperature and climate conditions. 6.1.2 Wind power equipment: domestic industry leader, product export to Germany.
The company has a mature and complete wind power supply chain, 2,000 sets/years of wind-up equipment, and wind-storming blades in the wind-equipment industry have entered into the first three years of the country, occupying a leading position in the industry. In October 2017, a contract was signed between the China-Change Electric Power Company and the German wind-power giant, Sengwian, for a three-year contract for three years in the interior of the country.
This is the first time that Germany has purchased a Chinese-type product, representing the first time that China’s wind generator product has entered the European Union market, representing top industrial levels. The high prototype wind generator unit has a good reputation in the domestic market and has become a customer’s preferred product.
6.1.3 High Molecular Complex Materials: Industry Technical Leaders Working on Research and Engineering Extension of High Molecular Complex Materials. It has become China's most powerful orbital traffic research and development industry, with the most varied products, and the largest sales of high molecular materials and products.
The new product has been used in bulk in industries such as high-power tractors, high-speed motor vehicles, highland railways, passenger lines, railway bridges, urban orbital transport vehicles and routes, and new energy sources. The company has now developed a technology-led leadership image in the high-molecular composites industry, becoming the only one in the world to be ge, Bomba, and so on.
Suppliers of flexible components from world-renowned motor vehicle manufacturers such as Di and Alston: in 2014, they entered the top 30 of the world ' s non-tire rubber products industry, with the Vice-President Unit of the Chinese Rubber Association and the Chief Executive Unit of the Rubber Products Branch, and were the highest in the country. The successful merger and purchase of the German Bogo company in 2014 led to the creation of the industry.
One of the most internationalized industrial plates in China. 6.1.4 New energy passenger cars: full program provider, industry leader company is the only full program provider in the country, from parts to systems to whole cars, and the only one in the world.
The company built new energy vehicles from the igbt widgets to key components such as the power drive, the battery management system, and the industry-wide platform for power systems platforms and the new energy vehicles made in the car as a whole, and the products were widely used in the areas of public transport, roads, groups, tourism, urban logistics.
Third-generation smart-drive passenger cars and fifth-generation controls have resulted in nearly 7,000 sales, with revenues exceeding 5 billion and industry 4th. According to China ' s passenger network, the share of sales of new vehicles in the medium-sized bus was 7% in January-September 2018, and 6.1.5 environmentally sound water treatment equipment: the first rural sewage treatment service provider
The company ' s environmentally friendly water treatment plate has become the preferred supplier in the country ' s village and village sewage management, and the urban environmentally friendly water treatment business has been gaining new ground. In the decentralized sewage treatment sector, the Chinese vehicle has been able to develop its own vacuum drains, technology and mbr integrated treatment units, as well as introducing digestive and innovative purification tank technologies in more than 20 countries.
Local demonstration projects have become the first rural sewage management service recommended by the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development: third in the global market, expanding the market in the Asia-Pacific region, building on the technological synergies that have prevailed since China-era Electric acquired the UK smd in 2015.
The Bureau is beginning to take shape in a field that has expanded from the formerly focused on offshore hydrocarbons to the third largest share of global markets for deep-sea robots in corporate ships and marine equipment, and has gradually expanded to Asia-Pacific regions, particularly China. Deep-sea equipment is a high-end technology product that developed countries have clearly restricted their exports.
In 2016, the company succeeded in obtaining an order from the Shanghai Rescue Agency. The Shanghai Rescue Agency was provided with the country’s first 6,000-metre-class RV: China Sea Oil Deep Doughing Order in 2017. The purchase of these two large bills meant that the company acquired the market expansion order after the acquisition of the UK’s smd.
6.2 Modern service lines: cutbacks in logistics operations and increase Māori rates. Modern service operations of companies focus mainly on financial, financial and logistics services. In finance and finance, the Department strengthens its internal financial services to facilitate production, expand its financial services operations and promote the integration of manufacturing and services sectors;
Exploiting the “Internet + High-end Equipment + Manufacturing Services” business, steadily advancing the “digitalized in-car” construction; logistics services, actively and securely engaging in modern logistics trade, based on enhanced centralized procurement, to accelerate the development of the “medium- and medium-cost” sub-business platform and to promote the steady development of modern service operations.
Since 2016, companies have taken the initiative to restructure their operations, reduce the size of their logistics operations, and the Māori rate of the modern services sector has been rising. In the first half of 2018, the operating income of the modern services business of companies decreased by 36.01 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, but it has declined by 36.01 per cent.
The Māori rate has increased by 5.69 percentage points over the previous year, and the railway equipment business: in terms of operating income, the mobile block has been growing steadily with the expected increase in the speed of high-trail traffic, the replacement of new motor vehicles, and the expected growth of ordinary buses.
The competition has gradually declined, but it is not expected that the pattern of splits between the company and the iron market will change rapidly, and the growth of the acquisition management business is expected to affect the performance impact of the loss of the overhaul market. Companies will benefit in depth from the drive of the “public turnover” policy on the demand for trucks and locomotives, which is expected to grow over the next three years.
Based on the procurement of railway equipment, a small drop in revenue is expected in 2018, with a significant increase in the demand for subsidized urban track vehicles between 2019 and 2020. Income is expected to decline slightly in 2018 as a result of the different types of urban rail products delivered, and the booming urban track vehicle demand from 2019 to 2020 will lead to a rapid upturn in corporate track operations.
New industry operations: The company’s future position in new industries, such as new energy buses, wind and wind equipment, and general-purpose power, is expected to continue to be consolidated within the industry, with a steady increase in revenue. The growth rate of revenue from the company’s new industry is expected to grow from 2018 to 2020. The size of the business is expected to decline but the Māori rate is rising rapidly.
Companies continue to promote business integration, management efficiency, and restructuring. As a result, Māori rates have improved and profitability has increased in recent years in a context of declining performance. Companies, as absolute leaders in the industry, will benefit deeply from the impact of policies such as the boom in investment and the fall of the “public train” policy.
The market space for the replacement of the bus will be opened gradually in the future, and the subway peaks in 2019-2021 will boost the company ' s income from the subway plates. Moreover, the company relies on the advantage of the industry to actively develop its diverse industries, which are leading the market in many industrial sectors. Given the above highlights, we give the company 22-2019.
Market risk: With regard to the domestic market, when we make profit projections, we assume a certain increase in the number of railways and urban track vehicles that have not arrived. If the number of tenders for railways or the number of purchases of urban track vehicles falls short of expectations, the company’s performance will be significantly affected.
In terms of market patterns, if there are major changes in market patterns, such as new competitors in railways, urban tracks, etc., the firm’s absolute dominance will be threatened and its performance affected. Overseas performance will be less than expected: the international market is complex and vulnerable to factors such as politics and international relations.
The international market situation has changed significantly, and firms’ performance may be significantly affected. The risk of policy uncertainty: the uncertainty of policies such as trajectories’ industrial policies, new industrial policies, market access policies, etc. will pose risks to firms’ operations and development.