q2 performance increased slightly the same year, and the Middle East suspended partial lock-in contract for the platform 28 August 2024 incident: on the night of 27 August 2024, China Sea oil uniforms released their semi-annual report for 2024.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 22,529 million yuan, or +19.4 per cent of the year; and a net return profit of 15.92 China Sea oil uniforms (60108.sh), of which 2024q2, the company achieved 12,381 million yuan, or +18.9 per cent of the year.
The main profit contribution of the company 2024h1 was from the oil plate and improved profitability of the domestic drilling operations. 2024h1, Brent ' s average oil price was $83.39/bpb, compared to $3.48/bpd, showing relatively high wide-banded shocks, and the overall global scale of investment in upstream exploration and development grew steadily.
In terms of revenue, 2024h1 benefited from the growth in operations, with well drilling/oiling/search/shipboarders accounting for 39.56% and 51.84% of the income of each plate, respectively.
In terms of profit, 2024h1, the company ' s rate of gross profit from drilling/oil techniques/prospecting/shipboarding is respectively well drilling services: the price of platform services has improved markedly. As of 2024q2, the company had shipped a total of 61 platforms (including 47 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 semi-submarine drilling rigs).
43 in China and 18 in the international region. In terms of workload: the company drills the rigs at the same time +1.4 pct to 80.8% of the calendar day, with self-incentive, semi-submarine platforms used +4.9% to $86,000 per day, with self-incentives and semi-deeps.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., two self-enhanced contracts for the services of the rigs.
Four self-infested rigs have been suspended on two of them.
Building B, and Seeker, respectively, have a contract with China Sea Oil (China) Ltd. and a prominent oil company in South-East Asia for the services of a drilling platform.
The contract for the company's supply-drilling platform was three years, and the window for the start-up of operations in the South-East Asia area was contracted to run from 15 December 2024 to 15 January 2025. For semi-submarine platforms, this year in Norway.
In the North Sea, drilling platforms are operational or the average daily cost of the company ' s semi-submarine platforms is further increased. Field technical services: sustainable capacity-building for autonomous innovation. 2024h1, domestic, company head \triangleright
A smart plant to develop the marine oil and gas “Hi-Hun” completion system has been put into operation to effectively enhance the company's quality stability of high-end well completion tool products; the self-researching “simple” system has been successfully applied in an oil field on the country's soil, with a 100% success rate of the rotation-oriented instructions. Overseas, companies have developed their own electric motors.
For the first time, the cutter was recognized for product quality by overseas clients, with a rate of over 37 per cent for product outlet; in addition, the company successfully concluded a combination of projects such as drilling fluids, cable surveying wells in South-East Asia, etc. Ship services: 2024h1, the company operates and manages three operational ships, platform supply vessels, oil fields, etc.
Over 200 vessels, including guardian ships, for a cumulative total of 32531 days, +5340 days (+19.6 per cent), scavenging services: 11,174 km or 13.6 per cent of the 2-D collection by the 2024h1 company, influenced by market layout and capacity adjustment; 16370 km2 of the 3-D collection operation, same
Compared to +189.5 per cent; the total volume of seafloor operations was 470 square kilometres, a decrease from the same year. Quantified oil capital expenditure in China and China remained high, with strong supply orders. 2024h1, the ratio of company-related transactions with China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. was 77 per cent. In 2024, China and China oil programme capital was financed.
The continued high level of capital spending in China and China guarantees a steady growth in corporate performance, with domestic operations likely to increase steadily in 2024. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for companies in 2024-2026, respectively.
Corporate performance may continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company; risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; demand recovery below expected risk; upstream capital expenditure below expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate volatility risk.
Xinda Energy Research Team Profiles Dr. Zho, Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, who led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed the study on “Incentive and Implementation Path to Carbon Peak” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and industry carbon.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy-related research and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest China. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.