China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808.sh) / Middle Sea Oil Fields 30 September 2024 Service (2883.hk): Global Integrated Ocean
China Sea oil suit, long suit, this cycle growth space has been evaluated in mid-2024.
Incident: Middle Report 2024: 2024h1 achieved business income of 22.529 billion yuan, China Sea Oil Fields Services Co. Ltd. 's main business involvement was +19.4 per cent, mother ' s net profit of 1,592 million yuan, +18.9 per cent, net profit of $1.604 billion.
The oil and gas exploration, exploitation and production stages are divided into four main sections, namely, drilling services, oil field technical services, ship services, and surveying services.
China ' s share of the market for offshore oil field technical services is 957 million yuan, or +2.34 per cent of the year. Services such as fixed wells, mud, etc. have absolute markets off China ' s coast
Taking advantage of the entire industrial chain, the position of the leader of the mid-sea oil jackets in the short term is unshakeable, and the panels operate smoothly. 2024h1, based on a firm’s efforts to secure domestic production from increased reserves, the ability to open international markets is constantly deepening, with a marked increase in the volume of major operations in each section.
Oilfield technical services as the largest major business in the company (2024h1 as compared with 2020.8%) have broken through the Brazilian market with a fully-owned offshore subsidiary, cosldrillingbrasiltda. Contracting with Brazilian clients on service contracts for drilling platforms and work projects in wells (projected for 2025)
52 weeks of share price range ($) to start operations. The technology-driven strategy has deepened and the international market for oil field technical services is expected to expand steadily in the future. 2) The drilling plate has increased in volume and the drilling platform has been continuously repaired.
The average daily cost of self-incremented, semi-submarine drilling platforms is $74.134,000 per day, compared to the same barrier, which is expected to lead to further improvements in future performance. 3) Total enhancement of the integrated maritime ship services capacity on shipboards.
High and medium oil prices drive up upstream capital spending and the sea oil and gas garments landscape continues. According to Spears&associates, the global market for oil field services will grow by 7.1 per cent in 2024.
The company, as a global leader in integrated marine oil uniforms, has fully benefited from the high profile of the industry to complete the business chain advantage of creating a full-life integrated, customer-driven brand of oilfields.
Two platforms affected by the Saudi suspension were re-established. The Chinese oil suits were suspended from four rig contracts in April 2024, and two of the platforms are now new.
Order contract, 1) Jinhai 6 locks in the domestic operating wells and is expected to start operations by the end of August/early September; 2) contract for the location of the drilling rig service with a prominent oil company in South-East Asia, start of the contract
The window period is 2024/12/15-2025/1/15, with a three-year contract term. As the industry climate is up, it is expected that the remaining two platforms will also be rapidly absorbed by the market.
Oilfield technical services have broken out, highlighting the growth of the cycle. Drilling blocks have benefited fully from domestic energy conservation for policy and a better climate than foreign oil-suit companies. Looking ahead, with two-wheel drive for oil technology services and drilling operations, the company's growth space has been opened, and the company relies on Chinese sea oil for its domestic operations.
We expect good growth, backed by technological breakthroughs and import substitution for oil field technical services. We anticipate less upstream capital spending than expected; the risk of overseas business expansion.
Middle Sea Oilsuits (601808.sh) / China Sea Oil Field Services (2883.hk): Global integrated ocean uniforms taps, where the growth space of this cycle has been opened up, and the East's financial booms have opened up.
Movinium coupons, covering mainly research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, carbon neutrality, and so forth.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Marine Oil Clothes (601808.sh)/China Sea Oil Field Services (2883.hk): The global integrated marine pipeline has been opened and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in this cycle will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.