China Stone (600176.sh) China Stone (600176). Cost-side competitive advantage continues to grow.
The net return to the mother was 2,374 million yuan, an increase of 10.43 per cent, a basic gain per share of 0.68 yuan per share, an increase of faster than the growth of the year's fibres and products, which once again showed strong cost-side competitiveness 9.54 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 13.7 per cent and operating costs of $5.05 billion.
The dollar, a 12.3 per cent increase in the same year and a slightly faster increase in income than cost. In 2018, there was a significant decline in the production of 47.05 per cent of the rich, but the company ' s Māori rate is high.
The q4 quarter negative profit growth has been driven by three main causes, and the overall upgrading of the world's fibre optics has led to a massive increase in profits.
In the first quarter of q4, the company earned 2,403 million yuan, an increase of 8.63 percentage points over the previous quarter: Māori rate of 22.28 per cent, China Stones (600176).
There are four main reasons for the decline: the fall in the price of the product and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the external product.
Third, the company accounted for about 92 million assets impairments during the current season, which affected the decline in financial costs, resulting in a significant decrease in the cost rate during the period 15.49 per cent during the reporting period, a decrease of 1.39 percentage points over the same period last year, including sales and management.
- 1.45 percentage points, with the financial cost rate falling as a result of lower interest expenditure and higher exchange rate earnings for the current period; the company will be at a peak in capital expenditure in the last three years, with five major projects currently at the same time, and three old lines at the Xijiang Production Base were successfully modified and built with a new production line of 120,000 tons per year, and 350,000 tons of production capacity were completed in the central region during the reporting period;
The Kuang village headquarters has produced 150,000 tons of production lines and 60,000 tons of sauna production lines per year, and the Chengdu production base has returned to the city and has been relocated and will build 250,000 tons of production lines per year at the new site. E and the production base side projects have been completed, and 200,000 tons of production sites have been declared fully constructed: the United States project has hit the ground.
The future product structure will continue to be optimized, and the ratio of higher end products to higher end products will help to smooth industrial cycle fluctuations. Corporate e8-formulation markets are becoming increasingly recognized, with great potential for expansion, and high-module e9-formulations will complete the laboratory phase.
The formula recognizes that the glass formulae system is improving towards higher intensity and volume, lower cost, greener, safer, and provides continuous support and leadership for new areas, new market expansion, and surcharge efficiency. Companies have the first-class research and development power in the industry and the world-class technology level, and the share of high-end products continues to rise.
It helps to overcome the cyclical nature of the industry, as well as the volatility of prices, Maori, and so on. And the smart manufacturing base at the Khunji village’s headquarters is based on “two-dimensional depth integration” and the construction of intelligent factories, which in the future will allow the public to develop better its structure, cost, technology, and efficiency.
In the short term, price volatility for the products may drag the company’s performance, but in the long run, as the company becomes competitive, it is becoming more competitive.
Step-by-step enhancement and the phasing out of small enterprises, and companies' market share and voice will continue to increase, maintaining an “upscaling” rating. Risks of changes in relevant tax policies; Risks of changes in raw materials, fuel prices;
Peband s030051700001a Academy Sales Team
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.