Three quarters of 2025: q3 net return profit per year q3 net return profit per year +48 per cent profit per year + benefit from the domestic and foreign engineering and machinery landscape upwards of $1.92 billion, an increase of 48.2 per cent in the same year q3 income has continued to grow, mainly domestically.
& Export Engineering Mechanics Upwards: Excavator Block: Domestic/Export q3 Excavator sales are equal + 24%/+19%; 2 Non-digger Blocks: Domestic cranes have increased significantly since August, and offshore non-diggers have continued the trend. For q4 and beyond, the country is still at the beginning of a new up-cycle cycle, the sea.
Next year, it will benefit from the United States’ high interest-reduction & mineral-resource capex, the industry’s climate is expected to remain high, and the company will benefit fully as a leader.
Net interest rate for sales by company 2025q3, 9.2 per cent over the same period +2.3 pct, continuously increasing profitability: 1 Māori 0.7/+1.0 pct, with the first three rates down reflecting the company ' s greater cost-control capacity, with financial costs mainly affected by exchange rate fluctuations; 3 Investment gains & fair value changes: mainly exchange rate hedging gains, with a total increase
On the cash flow side, the net operating cash flow of companies in the last three quarters was $14.55 billion, compared to +17.5 per cent in the previous three quarters, and the net current ratio remained around 2 and remained of high quality.
Africa, Indonesia, etc., has experienced high demand, Europe and America are recovering, and long-term Chinese brand competitiveness is gradually gaining ground. Performance rating: o2 return net profit is higher than +38%, and the market is rising.
The taps are expected to benefit fully from domestic and foreign resonance, flexibility and growth abroad.1 Globalization: the company’s overseas production capacity is well-placed, in Indonesia, in the United States, and in Indonesia’s second-phase plant, South Africa’s factory is being built in an orderly manner, with a clear localization advantage.
Triple 1 Worker (600031): First quarter 2025: Performance continues to exceed expectations, with the highest rates in the industry in the long run, with engineering machines, dragons, electric excavators, electric cranes, electric pumps, etc.
The head fully benefits from domestic and foreign demand resonance. As the logic of globalization — electricization — continues to materialize, the competitiveness of firms' products, channels, services becomes evident, moving towards global leaders.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s forecasted return net profit value for 2025-2027 as the East Wu Securities Company Limited has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.