Two-way performance growth, both within and outside the country, with 25q3 net return profits higher than the previous year, three-time jobs (600031) and three-quarterly reviews in 2025: three-quarters reports in 2025.
The industry has continued to improve, with both domestic and external performance increasing. In the third quarter of 2025, the aggregate sales of excavators grew by 18.09% on a year-on-year basis. Of this, the aggregate sales, both within and outside the country, grew by 21.55% and 14.61%, respectively. Overall, the sales of excavators continued to be in high demand in the previous three quarters, with demand for non-digger products gradually increasing.
Rehabilitate, and boost corporate performance. We believe that the 2025q4 season is expected to continue with a high level of activity, with the country starting with major projects, adding up to the high demand of overseas countries and regions, and continuing with the high profile of the offshore two-drive-drive engineering panel.
Overseas harvests continue to grow, with attention paid to the electrical transformation of products. Companies are actively pursuing an internationalization strategy, enabling firms to achieve rapid growth in their overseas markets.
There has been a significant increase in the share of overseas cities. Thanks to measures such as product structural optimization, price adjustment for some products, and a reduction in efficiency gains, the offshore market of 2025h1 has grown by 9.92% over the same period. In addition, the company has promoted the electricization of products such as engineering vehicles, loading machines, excavating machines, lifting machines, etc.
Transformation, focusing on the three technological routes of pure electricity, blending and hydrogen fuels, will continue to replace new energy products. 2025h1 upgrades the coverage of new energy products, resulting in a reduction in the demand for domestic products in the external market for about 30 new energy products, will result in corporate performance pressure; (3) if raw materials are produced
A “market index” of this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; a new three-board reference of three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk-level studies that are not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk-level use that is not higher than “medium-risk”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.