Integrating the Rainbow Bridge into concerted development, waiting for international passenger flow repair 31 October 2022 #Rockback #Short Assets
▪ Shanghai Airport discloses three-quarterly reports in 2022, with a continuing loss of performance due to the low international passenger flow: 1,603 million, yoy-19.1% of the third quarter of Shanghai Airport single; net profit on maternity - 580 million. Three-quarter international flights remain low, and the epidemic has a continuing effect on domestic routes.
A total of 94,000 sorties were flown by Pudong + Rainbow Bridge, compared to the same period last year by 28.2 per cent; the number of passengers tolling was the announcement issued by the Japanese company that the acquisition of Rainbow Bridge, Logistics Company and Pudong runway 4 had been completed. Since July, the company's monthly transport production briefing has revealed both the Puhdong and the Rainbow Bridge tracks.
At the same time, the company made retroactive adjustments to the historical statements, with the first three quarters of the collection of the assets of the Rainbow Bridge  and the start of the winter and spring season flight plan on 30 October, and the number of domestic passenger flights at the Pudong Rainbow Bridge remained essentially the same as during the previous season: 30 October 2022 to 25 March 2023, Shanghai aircraft.
During the new season, the number of domestic passenger flights at Pudong Airport remained essentially the same as during the 2022 spring and summer season, with an average of 1382 scheduled flights per day, with a number of additional international flights to be added in the near future; the number of domestic passenger flights at Rainbow Bridge Airport remained essentially the same as during the previous season.
The restructuring will result in a new pattern of co-development of the two main airports, Pudong and Rainbow Bridge, which will further enhance the synergies of operations and resources and continue to improve the integrated competitiveness of the Shanghai international aviation hub.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: retroactive adjustments to the year-round statements after the acquisition of assets and recent national reviews: the single-quarter impact of the epidemic increases the country’s largest air terminal, which is the core indicator of the recovery of international navigation. Short-term damage due to the new crown epidemic.
Large, waiting for traffic repairs to bring about a return to bargaining power in the medium term and a return to performance in the wake of international re-entry, travel recovery, and a return to bargaining power that is expected to release performance elasticity and long-term benefits from long-term triangular integration.
Shanghai Airport (60009): 100-year-old portal, less advanced than expected in the construction of Hainan Freeport.