Transport at Shanghai Airport (60009) International passenger flow recovery and group restructuring completed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: Shanghai Airport released its 2022 Quarterly Report. The company collected $2.96 billion in revenues in the third quarter, i.e. 19.1% of the year; the net profit of the mother, i.e. $850 million, and the net profit of the non-mother, i.e. $750 million. The company’s first three international routes warmed back, and the recovery trend is clear. In 2022, the country’s exit and exit policy continued to ease, with more than six months since.
In July and September, international passenger traffic was 14.6, 17.8 and 212,000, respectively, and passenger turnover was 87, 10.2 and 1.26 billion kilometres, respectively. The recovery in international traffic was evident, and asset restructuring was completed, with significant advantages. On June 9, 2021, Shanghai airport launched asset restructuring.
On April 25, 2022, a major assets reorganization at Shanghai airport was approved by the China CSRC, the disposal of assets was completed on July 21, and on August 8 a new board of directors and supervisory board was elected by the Shanghai Airport Shareholders ' Conference, which brought together Pudong and Rainbow Bridge.
Before the outbreak, Shanghai Po-dong and Rainbow Bridge were the second and eighth places in the country, and the company’s strength in general after the market was highlighted. When the project was completed, it was expected to reach 130 million passengers per year at Pudong Airport in 2030.
Shanghai airport is expected to boost passenger traffic even further, thanks to the power of production. Quality is high, and there is much room for growth. Shanghai is one of the largest economic centres in the country, located in Asia.
The endpoints of the Great Triangular Routes of the continent, Europe and North America, which directly serve one of the most active, open and innovative regions of our economy, are the important intersections between the "one-way" and "the Yangtze Economic Zone". The eight long triangles are covered within the 300-kilometre radius of the Shanghai airport.
Main industrial, scientific and technological parks with high aviation linkages. Shanghai Airport (60009): Rainbow Bridge injections, profit predictions and investment proposals: We look forward to the development of the airline services industry and the growth of international airline demand, and to the growth of international airline demand.
The company’s location advantage, size advantage, and non-aerial expansion will support its steady expansion, and it is expected that the company’s successful acquisition of Rainbow Bridge Airport and Logistics will result in a new profitable growth point for the company. Considering that the effects of the 2022 epidemic are still ongoing, the international and domestic routes will gradually resume in 2023, and passengers at Shanghai Airport are expected to take place in 2022-2024.
2) Given the impact of the 2022 epidemic, we view the development of the air services industry and the growth of international airline demand, the advantages of a company’s location, size and size, and the absence of any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views in this report.