High-quality hydropower assets with high long-term potential, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Business, currently 8898.3 million kilowatts of equity installed, is the largest water and electricity company in Sichuan province. Hydroelectricity (about 78%) and major railway electrification control projects have a huge potential for development in the Yagi River basin, which is expected to reach a small peak around 2021.
The water basin has a capacity of about 30 million kilowatts, and is now fully developed downstream, with a capacity of 14.7 million kilowatts installed. The total number of midstreamers is about 12 million kilowatts.
Construction has begun, and the pre-design of other hydroelectric plants, such as Tooth root, Tzugu, Mondy Gorge, Kara, etc., and the construction of external transport are now well under way. It is expected to start in 2019, with a doubling of the number of fully installed machines after 2021, leading to a new surge in company performance.
• The priority power generation programme promotes power consumption, and the higher price of coal will reduce the pressure on the company's electricity prices, with positive benefits. In February 2017, the Commission issued a letter seeking advice on a work programme for the 2017 priority utilities cross-provincial areas, requesting that the cavalry unit and the second beach power station, respectively, send out a priority power generation plan
The power generation policy of 538.9 and 14.6 billion kilowatt-hours (actual power generation in 2016 was 53.7.1 and 1.57 billion kilowatt-hours, respectively), and the priority power generation programme will reduce the disposal of water, such as the Yajiang River, and promote the consumption of electricity by companies.
For Jiangsu, Sichuan and Chongqing, Jiang Su-jin is the largest, and the upturn in the price of electricity from the downstream river so-called So-Fire will be expected to reduce the downside risk of the Ya circulationa share (billion shares) of the river ' s hydroelectric and electricity prices, which have positive benefits.
• Group assets are of high quality, or there is a potential for asset consolidation. The company is the only listed company platform under the banner of the Kawakashi Group, which has received strong support from the Group since becoming a major shareholder in 2000, and has injected assets such as Kaoyang Power, Second Beach Hydropower, and Kawakaku Power, which has contributed to rapid growth in company performance and size.
The former group has many high-quality projects such as Quanding Hydropower, Kawanan Power, Kawaniya Power, Huaxi Dental. It has a reasonable pb valuation. The rate of dividends is among the highest in large categories of hydropower assets. It has continued to rise in recent years.
Hydroelectric clean energy is the main industry. The Sichuan Hydropower Dragon Company, with clean energy as its core, has direct investment control and participation in four hydroelectric enterprises, namely Yagi River Hydropower (48% of the share), National Electricity River Hydroelectricity (10% of the share), Tanya River Hydroelectricity (80% of the share) and Tian Peng Power (95% of the share).
At present, the total number of power units in the holding stock is 2,684.32 thousand kW, the equity unit is 88,983 kW, the combined clean energy account for more than 98% of the public profits and assets, and is the largest publicly listed company in Sichuan province for clean energy electricity. Other assets of the company include the Fire and Power Company Kayang Power (95% of the shares), and the investment and asset management manager of the power-inputing company Kawakawa.
(100 per cent holding shares), railway remote control system development, production and marketing (50 per cent holding shares); fibre optic production (49 per cent participation) and so on, but with relatively small revenues and profits, with limited impact on the company's performance.
The above-mentioned assets include five first-tier subsidiaries, including Tian Wan Water and Power, Lighting, Kaiyang Power, Tian Peng Power, and Kawa, whose profits on hydroelectricity and electricity from the Yagi River and the National Power River are included in the return on investment. Its core is based on the development and operation of the Yagi River Basin, which has a unique resource advantage, with 48% of the company's capacity.
In 2013 and 2014, the new installed capacity of the Yangtze River was put into production, leading to a net profit share of RMB 1 billion and RMB 3.52 billion, accounting for 94.3%, 94.4% and 98.2% of the total profits of the company, respectively, resulting in a double drop in the company’s profits. At the same time, the company achieved a net return profit in 2016, as a result of a fall in the average combined electricity price of the Yagang hydroelectric power supply.
35.16 billion yuan, representing a 9.2 per cent decrease over the same period, mainly as a result of the current decline in utility and electricity prices in the Yagi River and a decrease in VAT refunds, which in 2016 amounted to 940 million yuan, a decrease of 540 million yuan over the same period, affecting the company ' s investment earnings of about 260 million yuan.
The projected decrease in VAT refunds in 2021 is 12.3 per cent over the same period, and the combined lower average electricity prices have affected revenue collection in the first quarter of the year, resulting in a decrease in VAT refunds and a decrease in the total and net profits of Yagi River.
The fall in the price of electricity led to a decline in the Māori rate of the combined operations, and the fall in costs during the period, mainly due to a double drop in the electricity price of the Tanya River Company, which resulted in a 9.83 per cent decrease in total electricity revenue.