Satellite chemical depth bis: Will the prices of ethane in the United States rise again? Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ethane is a shale oil and gas companion. After the shale gas revolution in the United States, the global supply of new ethane comes almost entirely from the United States. The flow of ethane to the United States is dominated by three major demands, one being the supply of the fission plant as the highest/minimum in almost 12 months.
For feedstock, the price of ethane after the shale gas revolution fell rapidly, leading to the construction of a ethane fission device in the United States, which required 1.67 million barrels per day by 2021, or 57 per cent of the total supply.
The market continues to be relatively small, and prices for native ethane in the United States are difficult to make clear. Third, a comment is that ethane is accompanied by a passive increase in natural gas and limited exports, and the supply of and demand for dry soil in the United States has led to large amounts of ethane being reinvested back in natural gas fields.
Energy attributes in comparison with the trend in corporate prices and depth of 300: sustained growth in natural gas production, nearing bottlenecks in US natural gas exports, gas prices will gradually return to normal
On 21 September of that year, 162 rigs were in operation, an increase of 62% over the same year. The number of rigs is a leading indicator, and production of gas dry gas in the United States is expected to increase at a rate of 8%, while the supply of ethane is expected to increase at the same rate.
At the end of the export: US gas prices are constrained by the capacity of export facilities, which are now at their limits. Following the 2012 US shale gas revolution, US gas supplies have shifted from tension to easing. ng, as the main route for exports, is the construction of liquefied devices and export terminals.
To look at the US's new ng export facilities is extremely limited, and the US's largest export capacity is currently 13.2 bcf/d, about 98 million tonnes/year. The U.S. exports to Eurong have increased, and export facilities have reached a very high 95% water utilization rate in August, as a result of the Russian-U.S. war and European energy problems.
Ping, but with little new export capacity, we believe that the impact of European demand on the natural gas prices and supply and demand in the United States will pass through, and that US gas prices will gradually return to normal, b. At the end of domestic demand: the demand for electricity this summer is strong, the demand for gas will fall rapidly in the fall, and winter will soon be winter.
Seasonal heating demand is expected to stabilize. Domestic gas consumption in the United States is more cyclical, with electricity demand peaking at 43.5 bcf/d per year in the summer power sector, up 9.3 per cent from the same year. With the end of the hot summer, this share of electricity will be reduced and there will be uncertainty about domestic demand.
The average number of winter heating days in the United States has fluctuated little from historical data, and the expected chemical properties of the U.S. are: the U.S. ethylene device has achieved a profit/loss balance, followed by a limited number of additional fission units in the country, and the main demand for ethane in the U.S. continues to come from the ethane fission plant as energy properties diminish.
2. The first domestic set of eaa devices is on the ground, and the chemical properties will return to the preponderance of the price of ethane. In 2021, the pure ethylene fission device accounted for 80% of ethylene production in the United States.
3. The first half of the year was robust, and the price of the alkanes was expected to be depressed in the second half of the year. The demand for native ethane chemicals in the United States has not increased significantly since then, and the demand for and price of new ethanes for new devices has not increased significantly.
U.S. ethane Prices: Energy properties indicate that domestic consumption is expected to remain stable due to a significant increase in natural gas production compared to last year, with limited potential for export growth, a marked improvement in supply and demand, and a drop in the price center. As the bulk of current demand for ethane is still supported by chemicals, re-entry belts
In the short term, the high price of ethylene in the prior period is difficult for downstream ethylene fission plants to make a profit, to start work, to come back without any further incentive to increase; in the medium and long term, the addition of ethylene fission devices has been delayed.
Only one set of devices (one million tonnes/year) is expected to land by 2026, and chemical demand is difficult to pull up. From the point of view of the supply of ethane, the supply of ethane continues to grow with the increase in natural gas production.
From a medium- to long-term perspective, there is a clear trend of lightening the world’s raw materials in carbon neutral and background. Light hydrocarbons have the advantage of low energy consumption, low carbon emissions, high short-flow rates, high hydrogen production, and national policy incentives.
The light hydrocarbon route is extremely scarce, and it can be extended downstream from this green, left-most process route of the curve, with low-cost, strong cash flow and over-the-counter R & D layouts that are profitable in the competition for new materials to follow. At the same time, capital spending is an asset.
From an angle, new projects will continue to grow in the future. From a marginal perspective, there has been a more pronounced decline in the ethane price grid in the recent past, and from a marginal perspective, the price differential for ethane cracking has become clear, and the company’s performance will continue to be repaired at the advanced stage.
(1) Significant fluctuations in natural gas prices; (2) recovery of export facilities in excess of expectations; (3) extreme cold weather during winter;
(4) Production of natural gas is not as high as expected.1 US ethane pricing logic: co-activities between energy and chemical properties
Ethylene is a shale oil and gas companion, with natural gas accounting on average for 70 per cent of shale gas in the United States, condensed oils (ngl) accounting for about 30 per cent, and gas condensed oils, which can be obtained from the light hydrocarbon resources of ethane, propane, butane and c5, of which ethane accounts for about 40 per cent of ngl and propane about 30 per cent.
So, after the shale gas revolution, there were almost all new ethane supplies around the world, and there were three major needs for some ethanes. One was the supply of fission plants as raw materials. The price of ethane fell fast after the shale gas revolution, and globalization was huge.
The demand has slowed since then. According to statistics, in 2021, the chemical demand for ethane amounted to 1.67 million barrels per day, approximately 33.4 million tons per year, with 57% of the total demand dominated by chemical demand.
Demand fluctuations make up the chemical properties of ethane. Second, exports. The export of ethane has evolved over the last 10 years. From 2014, ethane in the United States began to be transported by ship to Europe, and in 2016, Indian reliance first used 85k super-large acetylene ship (vlec) to transport ethane from the bottom.
The U.S. transports to India, creating the first river to transport ethane in the ocean. In 2021, the first time a satellite chemical company had imported pure ethane in the country to crack. However, today, the export market for ethane is still relatively small. There are certain walls because export contracts need to lock in long-term contracts and access logistics such as export facilities and acetylene ships.
The U.S. exports of ethane in 2021 amounted to about 8 million tonnes/year, or 23% per year, and the price of native ethane is difficult to reflect. The supply and demand of ethane in the U.S. is increasing each year because it is still accompanied by a passive increase in natural gas, and the amount of export digestible is limited. It is precisely because of the current state of oversupply that most ethane will be remitted.
A gas field, mixed with natural gas and supplied to the local market as a fuel or gas power source, makes ethane an energy attribute in addition to chemical properties. That is, ethane can in fact be consumed as an alternative to natural gas, but the U.S. hot-value settlement mechanism allows ethane to have a “hot-value conversion price” (hereinafter referred to as “heat-value price”).
The price of ethane is the price of ethane corresponding to the thermal conversion factor of gas by the ethane. Because of the oversupply, this price is considered to be the lowest price benchmark for ethane for a long time and is an important reason why the price of ethane always fluctuates with that of natural gas.
Logistics costs during mining support the price of ethane. The price of ethane's heat value and the actual price of ethane support this part of the cost relatively small compared to the price of ethane.
Energy attributes: gas production continues to increase, US natural gas exports are approaching bottlenecks, gas prices are returning to normal supply ends: gas production is increasing rapidly, and the supply of ethane will increase.
American gas producers now operate even more drills than at the beginning of the new crown epidemic in early 2020. In January 2020, 118 gas drilling platforms were in operation in the United States, reaching an average of 70 July 2020, and 162 gas drilling platforms were in operation, an increase of 44 compared to the pre-epidemiology period last year.
As a leading indicator, US domestic gas dry gas production will continue to grow as US gas drilling increases. US gas production averaged 932 billion cubic feet/day (bcf/d) in 2021, and eia projected a further increase in natural gas production to 98.8 bcf/d after August. Due to the associated properties of ethane,
The supply of ethane is expected to increase at the same rate of 8%.
Since 2012, the shale gas revolution in the United States has been an important event affecting the global energy landscape. Since shale production in the United States increased significantly, the United States gas supply has gradually moved from a tense to a loose one, shifting completely from its previous dependence on Canada to exports, and exports have continued to rise.
Pipeage transports to Mexico; 2) significant exports through the export facility ng. Of these, ng exports are mainly out of circulation routes, some of which are transported directly to users through pipelines after the United States natural gas is mined, and some of which are transported first through pipelines to liquefied plants and then at sea from the export terminal via lang ships.
However, after 2016, the U.S. lang export facility fid process slowed considerably. As it usually takes less than three years to get officially shipped, it takes more than three years to get rid of it.
Five years later, the slowdown in fid also directly led to extremely limited additional export facilities being shipped each year after 2020. For the time being, even taking into account the freeport export facility (which has not yet been restored) in an accident in the previous period, the U.S. Liquefied natural gas currently has the largest export capacity of about 13.2 bcf/d, with a contract of 98 million tonnes/
By the end of the third quarter of 2023, the U.S. export capacity is expected to rise to around 14bcf/d, with very limited growth of just 5% in 2024.
Goldenpass’s export facilities, if put into commercial operation, will increase their maximum capacity to 16.4 bcf/d. This year, Russian-European energy decoupling as a result of the Russian-Turkish war significantly affected Europe’s energy supply, while Europe consciously switched supply from Russia to lower energy costs, closer distances, and
Thus, we can notice a decline in Russia’s exports of European gas and an increase in US exports to Europe. Although the bombing of the Freeport export facility in June led to a brief decline in the volume, the utilization rate of the total export facility has increased monthly, as of August.
Nearly 95 per cent of the U.S. export facility utilization rate, figure 12, U.S. exports to Europe, figure 11
This also means that, even in the event of a severe lack of gas in Europe’s winter, the ability of the United States to add new exports is extremely limited. If free port export facilities are not fully restored by the end of the year, or if new exports are put into operation later than expected, there will be almost no additional export capacity.
The impact of demand and supply will pass. At the end of demand: the demand for electricity was strong this summer, gas demand fell rapidly in the fall, and total domestic gas demand in the United States during the winter was more cyclical, with the industrial and transport sectors being cyclical.
The electricity demand peaks in summer, mainly for summer-season power generation (air conditioning), and for housing and business peaks in winter, mostly for winter heating. Historically, aggregate demand peaks are usually around January, and peaks in July.
Demand peaks at 115.59 bcf/d, and the peak valley is about 48.83 bcf/d. 1) Power generation: this summer, extreme temperatures and continued drying hit domestic power systems in the United States. Natural gas accounts for 32% of US electricity generation, coal heads for 26%, nuclear power for 22%, and nuclear power for 22%.
About 20% of renewable energy sources. Because of high temperatures, the demand for electricity from air-conditioning during summers is stronger than in previous years, while the demand for electricity from natural gas has increased considerably this summer as a result of the decline in hydropower and the instability of solar power generation.
This part of the electricity demand will decrease with the end of the hot summer and there will be some uncertainty about domestic demand.
2) Warming: Degreedate(dd) in the United States is an indicator of cold or warmness in an area, where average outdoor temperatures (high and low averages) recorded in a location are usually compared to standard temperatures (usually 65°f in the United States).
Measuring the coldness of temperatures over a period of time. It is closely linked to US winter industry and residential gas use.
Figure 18 Average number of days of heating per month in the United States (hdd) Figure 20hd
I'm sorry, west Midwest next.
We're going to have to do something about it. We're going to have to do something about it.
According to eia's projections, the number of heating days in 2022-2023 is not expected to change much from previous years. Without the current extreme cold weather (historic conditions are low), we believe that autumn and winter gas demand will return to previous years.
In conclusion, while the activity of natural gas mining in the United States, the increase in the number of rigs will lead to an increase in future natural gas supplies, export facilities will be under-resilient in their subsequent incremental elasticity, summer power will run out, American gas prices will gradually return to normal without extreme colds during the winter, central prices will decline from previous years, and the price of ethane will follow.
Chemical Properties: U.S. ethylene devices have achieved a profit/loss balance, followed by a limited number of new break-up devices in the U.S., although they have some energy properties and this year have been driven by exports, which have had a more historical effect on the marginality of energy properties.
The chemical properties of ethane can be scaled up, but it is undeniable that the chemical properties of ethane will also have an indelible effect on prices, and that chemical properties will return to the dominant position as the energy properties diminish. This is because most of the demand for ethane in the United States is actually due to the huge base of ethylene fission plants. In general, ethylene production in the United States comes mainly from ethylene production.
Ethylene, 2021, accounted for 80% of ethylene production in the United States of America by ethane-based devices containing pure ethylene in blended ethane devices. According to the latest data from ihs, the current U.S. pure ethylene fission device has reached a level of profit/loss balance. This will further inhibit the price of ethylene.
On July 21, Bayportpolymers announced the launch of its ethylene fission device, which produces 1 million tonnes of ethylene per year. This year, a shell device was planned to be put into operation, but due to opposition from the local population, it is expected to be extended at least until next year.
And the new ethane fission device of the joint venture ExxonMobil and Shapik will be delayed until 2023. The demand for ethane and the price of ethane for the new additions will be low.
In a reasonable area, we recommend satellite chemistry, and we're going to do a little extra work on US gas and ethane prices over the next year: US gas supply and demand and prices: US gas supply and demand have improved significantly, and the center has moved down.
U.S. dry gas production will continue to grow in the third and fourth quarters. We expect US dry gas production to average 99 bcf/d in the fourth quarter of 2022, then rise to over 100 bcf/d in 2023, bcf/d (billion cubic feet/day) a year, an increase of 0.9 bcf/day over the third quarter. Liquefied natural gas will be affected in the coming months.
The factors in the volume of exports include the scheduled suspension of covepoint in October (impact 0.8bcf/day), regular maintenance for two weeks, and the restoration of liquid natural gas from freeport in the middle of November (impact 2.0bcf/day). We predict an average of 12.3bcf/d in ling in 2023, which is an overall increase in exports over the current level.
Gas consumption is expected to remain in previous years if there is no extreme cold weather in the winter, as a result of a fall in electricity demand in the short term. From a price perspective, domestic consumption is expected to remain stable, supply and demand conflicts have improved markedly, and prices are expected to remain in place, as natural gas production has increased significantly over the previous year, while export growth potential has been limited.
U.S. ethane supply and demand and price: Energy properties are weak, the price of ethane will return to a reasonable demand perspective, the demand for ethane is still largely supported by chemicals, and the energy properties associated with re-notes will gradually decrease during the fall in natural gas prices.
The ethylene fission plant, for its part, is difficult to make profits and has fallen and does not have the power to continue to rise; in the medium and long term, the addition of ethylene fission units has been delayed, with only one set of devices (one million tonnes/year) expected to land before 2026, and chemical needs are difficult to lift. From the supply point of view, the supply of ethylene continues to grow with the increase in natural gas production.
We continue to look at LHCS chemistry. From a medium- to long-term perspective, global raw materials show a clear trend of lightening in carbon neutrals and contexts.
Light hydrocarbons have the advantage of low-energy consumption, low-carbon emissions, high short-flow rates, and high hydrogen production, which are among the national policies that encourage industry. The company’s light hydrocarbon route is extremely scarce, and it can be used in the future to extend downstream through such a green, cost-coupled process route, with low-cost, strong cash flow, and pre-reform R & D layouts.
At the same time, from the point of view of capital spending, there will continue to be new projects that will lead to higher performance. From a marginal point of view, there has been a more pronounced decline in the prices of ethane in the recent past, and, from a marginal point of view, the price differentials in ethane fragmentation are already evident at the advanced stage, and corporate performance will continue to be repaired.
(1) Significant fluctuations in natural gas prices; (2) recovery of export facilities in excess of expectations; (3) extreme cold weather during winter;
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.