The country's fibre-optic industry leads, performance elasticity determined - China's Great Stone (600176) China's China CPI Ltd. released on May 28, 2018, " On the adjustment of 300 depths and Chinese fragrants " .
The Hong Kong 100 Index Sample Unit, which was considered by the Committee of Experts on Indexes, decided on 11 June 2018 to adjust the 300 Index Sample Unit, this time to replace 27 stocks with the  300 Index, to be transferred to China's Great Stones, North and Young Seon Seon Seok, etc.
“The background + the genetics of the people” is the backbone of the fibre-optic industry, which has grown robust and profitable, and which has been on the market every year, and whose main business is the production and sale of fibreglass and products, including non-alkali fibres, coarse veils, short-cut silk, short-cuts, flange cloths, electronic fabrics, etc.
On the supply and demand side of the public sector, we believe that the year 2018 will be a tight balance and that prices will remain stable. Demand will grow steadily while the structure improves: 1) according to Owen.
In Skonning's judgement, demand in the fibre-optics sector grew at about 1.6 times the rate of growth in industrial output, and the global fibre-based consumer market structure was 32 per cent in construction, 28 per cent in transport, 21 per cent in industry, 11 per cent in electrical and electronics, and 8 per cent in new energy sources, with lightly quantified automobiles and faster demand for wind blades.
On the supply side, 1) the rich industry has high financial, policy and technical barriers, with little and slow output by new entrants, and environmental protection is expected to lead to low-end capacity (about 6% of the country's output) in 2018.
In the medium and long term, the company will build three unalkali-free production lines and three points over the next five years.
On the other hand, the overall profitability of the Production and Distribution Division has been enhanced: 1) the Egyptian project has a cost advantage for raw materials, with a major supply of products.
In markets such as Europe, Turkey and the Middle East, where the overall Māori rate is higher than in the country, the release of capacity helps to boost corporate overall profitability: 2) United States, Indian projects will help reduce tariffs, transport costs: 3) Company production lines for alkaline fibres, electronic veils and electronic fabrics will be one in the next five years
After the approval of the merger, China’s Great Stones competed against China’s Great Stones.
There is intra-group competition with the same major shareholder. The China-China Group has committed itself to steadily promoting corporate integration in order to solve competition issues in China for three years, starting in December 2017.
Second, the operational integration of the two at a later stage will bring about complementarity of advantages, reduction of ineffective competition and duplication of capacity-building, and a significant improvement in the pattern of competition in the bovine sector.