Crystal Australasia (002459.sz) is a vertically integrated and robust development, with components leading the profit-making industry, leading the business of photovoltaic components, with 96% of the income of the components. Companies are the leading integrated components in the world.
In 2021, the company was ranked third in the world in the 24.1gw output of its components. In the open-voltage industry, the integrated component traders are expected to rise in terms of profits. With global carbon neutralization and process acceleration, the global component output in 2022/23/24 is expected to reach 270/337/410gw in 2022/24.
With the new production of silicon in place to ease supply bottlenecks in 1-2 years, silicon prices are expected to open down the road, and the profitability of light-voltage component dealers will expand to some extent. The sales of components are ahead of scale, with significant profitability advantages.
The first three. Because of the multiplicity of competitive advantages of a balanced productive structure, efficient production operations, extensive branding channels, and good cost control, the company ' s single-watt net profit index has been at the forefront of the industry for many years. In 2021 and 202,011 single-watt non-net gains amounted to $0.077 and $ 0.106, respectively.
The company is a typical integrated component, with a capacity of 32/32/40gw per silicon/cell/assembly at the end of 2021, which is expected to exceed 40/40/50gw by the end of the year and is the most balanced and stable integrated manufacturer with the capacity. The company owns the company in Viet Nam.
4.0/3.5/3.5gw production capacity, enabling companies to increase their competitiveness in the United States and South-East Asian markets, and the multidimensionality of production capacity is constantly increasing in line with industry trends. The large sizedness of the photovoltaic industry is evident, with companies accounting for more than 70% of their 182-sized capacity by the end of 2021; and intra-industry n-type technology routes.
The selection is not uniform and the n-topcon production capacity currently being built by the company is 1.3gw, with an increased investment in the n-type at a later stage or depending on volume production and market conditions; in addition, the company promotes zero-space containment at the end of the component to boost the power of the component, which can be fully aligned with other technologies as a platform-type process.
Battery technology iterative risk; new production capacity below expectations; outbreak and trade friction risk. History has been the leading global manufacturer of photovoltaic integration components, established in 2005 in Ningjin County, Hebei Province, and in 2007 in Ningjin County, Hebei Province.
Nasdak was listed in the United States. After doing business all over the world, the company set up production bases in Ningjin, Yangzhou, Yutsu, Malaysia, etc., as well as branches in Europe, Japan, etc. In 2018, the company completed privatization and exits outside the country, and in 2019 borrowed the Shell Sky Federation.
The company’s equity structure is stable, and the people who actually control it have a lot of experience. Ning Jin County Jing Thafo Technology Ltd. is the first major shareholder in the Jing Hko technology, holding 50.11% of the company’s shareholdings and forming an absolute controlling stock.
In 1992, he was the secretary and director of the Ning Jin County Power Authority in Hebei Province, and since 2005 has been the chairman of Jing Xao Solar Limited, and has been a model worker in Hebei Province.
The company’s management team has been working for many years in the field of photovoltaics and has experienced a great deal of industry experience.
Industry first. Especially in the context of the sharp rise in raw material prices since 2021, company management has taken advantage of the upstream and downstream situation in the industrial chain and changes in market supply and demand, actively managing production and marketing strategies, safeguarding good company production and sales rates and unit profitability.
The company will further advance the “one-wing” strategy, which refers to the development, production and sale of solar photovoltaic silicons, batteries, and components. The “two-wing” plate, which is intelligent energy, explores new applications downstream based on photovoltaic stations; and the “one-wing” device, which uses single-crystal, border, magma.
The company’s strategy is clear, with the manufacture of photovoltaic equipment as its core business, allowing for the modest development of downstream operations and support equipment, and the co-generation of the main components’ competitiveness. In the PV manufacturing plate, the company started in the battery sector, and in 2010 began to promote vertical integration.
Strategies, including the production of solar silicon sticks, silicon tablets, batteries, and components, and the operation of downstream photovoltaic power plants. By the end of 2021, the company’s silicon/cell block/assembly chain capacity was approximately 32gw/32gw/40gw, which is a highly coordinated vertically integrated production layout.
The company produces silicon and battery tablets mainly for its own use, and the vast majority of its operating income is generated by the sale of components, in addition to the fact that the company owns a certain size of photovoltaic power plants that generate electricity. In terms of regional structure, the share of revenue collected within the company has increased in the last two years, from 39% in 2021 to 39% in 2021.
Photovoltaic industries move away from subsidy dependency to primary energy sources, with large market space.
The rapid decline in electricity generation costs has led to a gradual shift away from policy subsidies in countries around the world, and from domestic photovoltaic power to full parity from 2022 to 2022. At the policy level, carbon neutrals and targets.
Countries continue to promote a clean energy transition with their own decarbonization targets; at the market level, the current photovoltaic costs are competitive, and future industry mitigation efficiency will continue. Policy and market factors determine the broad market space and potential demand for photovoltaic industries.
The low cost of electricity generation, combined with a wide range of downstream applications, will make photovoltaics the main energy source on the global decarbonization path, with a rising share of electricity generation. According to the International Energy Agency in its Global Energy Outlook report, global photovoltaic power generation accounted for 3.1 per cent of total electricity generation in 2020, as countries transitioned globally.
Inward, wind power, light-voltage ratios continue to rise, and the share of traditional energy sources such as coal and natural gas declines. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the share of photovoltaic power increased to 12.2-18.7% by 2030 in three different scenarios. The global capacity of renewable energy in 2021 was 302gw, with 168gw for the first time.
The global renewable energy installed capacity is steadily increasing. Photovoltaic power currently accounts for a relatively small share of power systems, but there is a clear year-to-year upward trend. With the rising cost of photovoltaic power and the opening of downstream applications, there is a huge space for photovoltaic power to replace non-fossil energy sources in the future.
According to the Solarpowereure data, in 2021, of the world ' s new photovolts, a concentration of 91gw, or about 54.2 per cent, and a distribution of 77gw, or about 45.8 per cent, significantly increased by 2.5 pct. The main reason for the significant increase in distribution was the high prices of the entire photovolt chain in 2021, as well as the global ministry.
Sub-national electricity prices have risen significantly, leading to a significant increase in the demand for photovoltaics on the roof; and second, the rapid growth of distributed installed machines in China, which has had a greater impact on global structures. The distribution ratio may be slightly reversed in 2022, but with the distribution of light-voltage in major photovoltaic markets such as China, the United States, Europe, etc., the future will be in the global loading machine.
The global demand for light-voltage machines is strong, and the size and volume of our component exports are on a positive upward trend. In 2022, driven by India’s concentration of supplies and Europe’s energy transition, monthly component exports were substantial.
Increase. Cumulative export component size 51.4gw from January-April 2022, a 79 per cent increase over the same period; cumulative export value of 138.5 = expected global four-year compound increase of 23.1 per cent.
The concentration of components has continued to increase, the advantages of integration have been enhanced, and the development of photovoltaics has been accompanied by a growing trend towards greater upstream/downstream integration of photovoltaic equipment manufacturing enterprises. While the photovoltaic industry relies on technological and process-reduced efficiency, technology has continued and accelerated.
Technology itself spreads relatively quickly, especially with the concentration of the industry, leading firms are more powerful in terms of capital and development. In this environment, firms rely on the advantage of single-chain technological processes and have less chance of earning sustainable excess profits.
Under the circumstances, the competitiveness of integrated producers is expected to increase gradually: 1) by reducing the value of a single link in the industrial chain; 2) by increasing the stability of production operations; 2) by increasing economies of scale and profitability; 3) by safeguarding the quality of products; and 4) by more effectively opening up upstream supply and downstream markets when introducing technologically iterative products.
The release target for 2022, as disclosed by the D.A. or the Network, is expected to increase further in 2022, and the supply of silicon is expected to open the way for a drop in prices, while silicon is active in the downstream of the year, as a result of the shutdown of overseas manufacturers, with a greater capacity than at the end of 2019.
A slight contraction and a basic balance of output across the entire industrial chain. In 2021, the whole industrial chain was in the process of expansion, as expected by the high demand in the photovoltaic sector, but with the long silicon-capacitation cycle, the growth rate was the slowest, making it the most critical link, driving silicon prices and Maori rates to rise significantly in 2021, and others.
The price increase and profit distribution in the current industrial chain due to a serious imbalance between the demand and the demand for staged supply are not sustainable and silicon prices are expected to return gradually as silicon production capacity is released and supply and demand links are tied.
Pre-price levels. As can be seen from year-end output acceleration data, silicon output released in 2022 was the fastest growing link in the industrial chain, so supply and demand stops are expected to occur in the second half of 2022, leading to a return to pre-price levels.
The current price increase and profit distribution in the industrial chain due to a serious imbalance between the demand and the demand for silicon is not sustainable, and with the gradual release of silicon capacity and the supply-demand chain, silicon prices are expected to return to pre-price levels. As can be seen from year-end productivity acceleration data, silicon capacity released in 2022.
As the fastest-growing link in the industrial chain, supply and demand traps are expected to appear in the second half of 2022, leading to a return in prices of silicon materials to pre-price levels. The profits of the industrial chain will be redistributed, with relatively low growth rates in 2022, and the import of super-n battery technology is expected to generate more profits.
After the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, fossil energy and electricity prices in Europe rose sharply, gas supply was strained in some countries, energy security was a matter of great concern for European governments and businesses.
On May 18, 2022, the European Commission officially released the repowereu plan, adding 600 gw photovolts by 2030, an average of 67 gw per year.
Germany has also proposed new legislation on new energy developments that would advance the target of 100% renewable energy generation to 2035, 15 years ahead of the previous target. The pace of development of new energy sources in Europe will be significantly accelerated, driven by changes in the international situation.
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in electricity prices in various sectors of the United States since 2020. According to the United States Energy Information Agency, the combined electricity prices for various sectors of the United States in January-February 2022 were $11.44, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the same period. The highest level of electricity prices in all sectors was in the residential sector, which reached 13.8 cents/kwh in February 2022.
In summary, industrial market space has increased rapidly, while market concentration has increased, leading-level integrated components are expected to grow rapidly. Upstream silicon prices and downstream electricity prices are seen as beneficial to componentrs.
The trend is toward a significant improvement in the profitability of integrated components.
As a well-established integrated component company, the company produces three main industrial chains: silicon, battery, and assembly, in which silicon and battery are essentially self-supplied and the product is sold as components. The company’s component products are widely recognized in the global market, and the output of the component is stable for many years in the industry.
For the first five years, it has been in the top three sectors. From the top five shares of the market in 2021, the Lungi/Tianchi/Tyco profitability industry is leading, compared horizontally with Sky and Crystal, with three companies with a single net profit (the company's total net profit/net profit).
The output of the components is always the highest, reflecting the company’s good ability to manage its profits. We believe that the main reasons for the profitability of the company’s operations are: (1) a stable and balanced mix of production; (2) a high level of utilization; (3) a competitive advantage in the branding channels of the distribution market; and (4) good cost control.
In the production layout of the company, from the beginning of its existence, the single battery chain was gradually extended to the upstream silicon and downstream clusters, forming a balanced, upstream-downstream production mix and steadily moving forward. On the one hand, the relatively stable pattern of integration is on the other.
The self-supply level for silicon and battery links has been increased to maximize single-watt profits; on the other hand, the performance of the Department has been reduced in sensitivity to price changes in the middle of the industrial chain, reduced disruptions and increased stability in operating production.The goal disclosed in the 2021 report is to produce more than 50 gw of corporate component capacity by the end of 2022, with silicon and battery chips taking over.
The proportion of components is about 80%, and this target is likely to be followed by an upswing. The most balanced and stable proportion of transmutations compared to other head components, as shown in figure 22.
The level of asset use in manufacturing enterprises has a significant impact on the unit profitability index. Figure 24 shows that three components are traded for goods other than the average production capacity at the end of the year, which is used to observe the level of combined use of the component ' s commercial capacity (including the rate of delivery, the year ' s significant expansion of production in Crystal Australia is lower than in Crystal Energy, and the other years are better than in Crystal and Sky Convergence.
The similarity of the integrated energy production structure of the crystallography is high, as can be seen from a comparison of the manufacturing costs of the two components (manufacturing costs in component costs/distribution of components in the year) that, with the exception of the significant expansion of crystallization in 2020, where single-watt manufacturing costs are higher, all other annual crystals are lower than crystallography.
Figure 23: Average output of selected enterprise components/assembly capacity at year-end of year-end: Figure 24: Manufacturing costs/assembly arrival in selected enterprises ($/w) Figure 25: End-of-year capacity of selected enterprise components (gw)
Figure 26: Some of the components of the enterprise have been growing production capacity at the end of the year, as well as global marketing and production layouts.
While major photovoltaic markets are actively deployed in emerging markets such as South Asia, South-East Asia, Australia, Central America, South America, and the Middle East, taking advantage of the cost advantages of domestic production plants to supply domestic and global market customers, and at the same time, in order to circumvent international trade barriers, companies’ overseas factories in Viet Nam can provide strong security for individual markets abroad.
Component supply, which provides high value for money to customers. Companies have established 13 sales companies abroad, with a network of sales services in 135 countries and regions around the world, and have established stable long-term partnerships with core customers such as the Global High-quality Energy Power Corporation and the Photovoltaics System Integrator.
In addition to long-term cooperation with large strategic clients in the field of concentrated photovoltaics, companies actively build distribution channels in mature markets such as home countries, Europe and America, and Japan and Korea, creating stable partnerships, channels and customer stickyness, which grew year by year. In 2021, the turnover of corporate distribution/distributions was 35.9 per cent, an increase of 9.8 million.
Distinguished, the distribution market’s rapid annual growth in the share of its customers highlights the firm’s strong brand influence and reputation. Distribution markets have a better acceptance of component price increases because they are directed towards customers at the end of c and the relatively small end of b. In an environment where silicon prices rose sharply in 2021, the company’s direct sales rate declined.
The Māori ratio in distribution increased by 0.4 percentage points. The increase in distribution and Māori was one of the major reasons for the company’s relative stability in profitability in 2021 over other peers.
As the period of the perc dividend progresses, the efficiency of the p-perc battery is moving closer to the ceiling. At this point in time, the main battleground for technological progress in the photovoltaic industry is in the battery band chain, mainly the replacement of the new p-perc battery, and businesses have chosen different technological routes to produce or test, and the pace of thrust is not adequate.
It's the same. In N-type technologies, R & D and efficiency levels remain relatively advanced, and the company has a relatively high level of production efficiency in battery switching, which is currently mainly produced by the company, with a volume conversion efficiency of 23.6% for p monocrystal batteries; and in R & D, N topcon battery pieces, conversion of intermediate-test line products.
In terms of efficiency gains of 24.6 per cent, the company continues to tap into the commercial potential of the perc battery, on the one hand, and invests 1.3gw in the n-topcon capacity, on the other, and is expected to start production in the course of this year, with small-scale production, which will determine the direction and pace of the n-type technology in the future, depending on progress.
Good brand recognition and financing performance The components are directed to end-users, including central power plant owners and distributed power station owners, and brand power is a very important competitive element of the chain.
In both 2020 and 2021, the financing results were 100%, reflecting the quality of the products and leading brand values. The financing indicators generally represent a willingness on the part of banks to provide non-recourse loans to photovoltaic projects that use these components, or they are easier to help than other ones.
Users have access to bank financing. European, United States-represented sophisticated overseas market components are more expensive, brand barriers are more pronounced at the same time, and older head-quarters, relying on years of branding, have access to better quality orders and better profitability in mature markets.
(a) Photovoltaic power station operations: holding is expected to increase in size, supporting the development of the main component industries
Distributed photovoltaic power stations, which operate primarily in the face of end-users or their own use, apply the principle of “sponsible self-use, residual power on the Internet.” Companies earn steady profits from the operation of photovoltaic power generation on the one hand, and, on the other hand, through the marketing of power stations, deepen their partnership with domestic operators, leading to the marketing of components.
Over the last three years, companies have sold more power stations than new ones, so the size of their own photovoltaic plants has been declining continuously. As the domestic photovoltaic market enters an era of full price parity, the company will expand its operations to include the construction of new power stations and the sale of old ones each year, while maintaining a standard stock of power stations.
The profits increased from $720 million to $2.04 billion, with cagr reaching 29.7%, and the company’s operating income and net profit on maternity grew rapidly. With regard to the combined Māori rate, the trend of change among integrated component traders has converged, after rising in 2019, and has declined for two years, mainly as a result of the sharp rise in the price of silicon, which has further compressed the profit margin of the components.
In the last four years, the overall Māori ratio of companies has been higher than that of other comparable companies.
In terms of cash flows, the net operating cash flow of companies in 2021 was $3.75 billion, an increase of 60.69 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the combination of company production and sales scale expansion; investment net cash outflows of $4.01 billion, mainly due to the increase in cash expenditure for the construction of long-term assets of companies; and financing net cash flows of $2.17 billion, mainly for corporate business.
Changes in cash flows indicate that the company is in a period of expansion of its capacity and operations, with sufficient momentum for subsequent performance and growth in operating cash flows.
Ultimately, at a higher level in comparable enterprises, this reflects good corporate management capacity. Figure 36: Stock turnover of some integrated componentrs. Figure 37: Accounts receivable turnover of some integrated componentrs.
Figure 38: Liquidity rate of accounts payable by some integrated componentrs Figure 39: Fixed asset turnover by some integrated componentrs. Improved access to finance and asset structure following the return of companies to a share in 2019 and a decrease in asset-liability ratios
Figure 40: Percentage of assets and liabilities of some integrated component dealers The cost of the company ' s current period is consistently lower and the R & D ratio is rising year by year. Of this, 1.4% of the sales/management of the company in 2021 compared horizontally with other integrated componentrs, the cost of the company ' s sales and management costs were higher.
Both are at a lower level, with R & D rates close to comparable corporate averages and financial rates slightly higher than averages. Figure 44: R & D rates for selected integrated components (%): Financial cost rates for selected integrated components (%)
At the industry level, we expect the global installation of 342gw in 2024 to match the demand for components to over 400gw. At the same time as the industrial space rises, there will also be an upward trend in the concentration of output from components. At the corporate level, Crystal and Austrotech, as a traditional integrated component, has accumulated strong brand advantages and channels in several countries around the world.
Dows, especially in mature markets, such as Europe, that have a longer history of development, more competitive and value-adding brands, with silicon-sizes/cells/assemblies producing more than 70% of the capacity, and with a clear concentration of demand in the industry, the growth of corporate output is more secure. We estimate the future capacity of companies, the volume of goods delivered, and the city’s share.
At the industry level, with the gradual release of silicon production, the price of silicon will enter the lower route in 2022, the cost of silicon rings will fall down, and the profitability of the integrated component traders will be repaired. The price of the components will generally fall by a certain amount of time compared to the price of silicon, and the price will become more risky during this period.
On the other hand, major global markets, such as Europe, the United States, have seen an upward trend in power prices in major parts of the world, giving a certain amount of room for increases in the price of photovoltaic components. At the same time, more toc attributes and more profitable distributed markets have developed rapidly, providing more profits for component traders.
At the corporate level, the Māori and cost-control capabilities of crystallized technology remain ahead of the industry, with greater profitability. In addition, the larger size of the company and the positive deployment of N-type technologies are consistent with changing trends in industry demand and are expected to help companies further increase their profitability.
Other business: The company’s PV operation, while investing in new power plants, while selling stock plants, has fluctuated in previous years in terms of the size of its own power station. As the country enters an era of price parity, the company will grow from the size of its own power station to a level where it will balance the size of the new and sold power station and remain self-sustaining.
The company has not separately disclosed the gross profit rate, industry averages, and future trends. On the basis of this, we expect that the path of the photovoltaic plant industry will move forward and that the profits of the integrated component traders will increase.
On the basis of these main assumptions, the fcff valuation method is used to obtain a sensitivity analysis of the firm's reasonable value range as absolute valuation, which is more sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, as shown in table 15 below.
We've chosen integrated photovoltaic components to be comparable companies for green energy, cosmopolitan light, and crystal energy for relative valuation. As a result of the industrial chain configuration, Lungi green silicon business is relatively high, and coronation energy is available.
There is almost no silicon business, and therefore the weighting of Lungi green and coronal energy is lowered for comparable companies. We set the weight of Lungi/Tianchi/Chrystals at 30/30/40 per cent, respectively. As shown in the table below, there is a competitive advantage in comparison to commons, maintaining a higher profitability than our peers in component operations, and moving efficiently.
The advantages of camp and cost control will be even more pronounced. We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2022-2024. The valuation is based on more assumptions, particularly the calculation of the company's free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), the assumption of a tv growth rate and the estimation of comparable companies.
The selection of value parameters incorporates many individual judgements: the high value of annual free cash flow calculations leads to a risk of optimistic valuations; and the weighting of capital costs (wacc) has a greater impact on corporate valuations, and we assume that there is no risk when calculating wacc.
Interest rate of 3.6 per cent, equity risk premium of 5.2 per cent, and there may still be a risk of lower estimated or recovered values for these parameters, leading to lower wacc calculations, leading to overvalued corporate valuations;
Promising, but potentially more adverse changes over the next 10 years, such as the dissipation of technology dividends and increased homogenization of competition, have led to very low or negative real growth in the sustained growth of firms, resulting in overvalued companies, and in the relative valuation of firms that are the same or similar to the company's business, compared by industry.
Differences give different weights to comparable companies, choosing the weighted average dynamic pe of comparable companies in 2023 as yearpe. There are risks associated with relative valuation methods that do not adequately take into account the risk of high valuations in the market as a whole, differences in product structure and market structure in the public sector, resulting in risks of low comparability, etc.
1. Risks associated with the downside of the Māori rate as a result of raw material supply and price fluctuations 2. Risks of less than expected expansion of the company ' s productive capacity3 and slower follow-up of new battery technology routes
The risk of less-than-expected integration of self-held photovoltaic power stations The higher proportion of corporate products being exported, the higher impact of tariff and trade policies in some countries on the sale and profitability of corporate products, and the possible risk of a worsening international trade situation leading to a lower-than-expected volume of corporate production.
In-country distributed photovoltaics are still in the early stages of rapid development, with the introduction, implementation, and location of the relevant pilot policies having a greater impact on distributed markets, and there may be risks that the pilot policies will not advance the expected risks.
There is room for an overall increase in the share of the photovoltaic components, which are now concentrated in top firms and ranked in the former integrated component markets. Once market concentration reaches a certain level, competition between top firms will increase, leading to a halt in growth and even a decline in Māori and Māori rates.
Repeated outbreaks of the new crown can have a negative impact on market demand and on the production and transport of corporate products. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.