The wind and electricity business is operating below expectations, and the growth of the new and growing industries is evident; Eastern Electric (600875) is reported to be rated; Eastern Electric released its mid-term report for 2020, which achieved business income of 17.753 billion yuan in January-June 2020.
Revenues from wind and power operations fell significantly over the same year, while revenues from the business of the newly growing industry increased significantly over the same year, but the company earned $9,563 million in operating income in the second quarter of 2020, an increase of 19.68 per cent over the same period; and Māori was achieved over the same period.
1893 million yuan, an increase of 15.78 per cent over the same period; net profit of 559 million yuan from the parent company, an increase of 2.99 percentage points over the first quarter of 2020; and revenue from combustion in the company ' s clean and efficient power generation equipment operations, a significant increase in the same year, with electricity on fire.
In modern manufacturing services, the revenues from power plant services and financial services are almost equal to what we expect, and in engineering and trade, they are much lower than we expected.
Revenues from trade operations have increased significantly, but revenues from engineering operations have declined significantly over the same period; receipts from emerging industries have increased significantly over the same year, largely in line with our expectations, but the Māori rate is only 13.8 per cent, well below our expectations.
The net profits of the company ' s second quarter and its parent company grew faster than we expected, but the Māori rate and Māori International Center for the Middle East, 15th floor, grew at a much faster rate than we expected, and the overall business performance was slightly lower than we expected, as we reported.
The China (Sichuan) free-trade experiment is growing at a slower pace, and new energy and modern manufacturing services such as the layout are steadily growing.
We maintain the "Step Up" rating of the 17th Central China Sea International Center.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.