The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WIRDC) is the new leader in the era of electronics networking in Kyoto.a (000725)
• Reciprocal, innovative transformation, the new dawn of the era of creation of the Internet: the advent of the 1.0 era, with the sharing of trillion-dollar market opportunities, is expected to reach 27.6 trillion dollars by 2030. The Kyoto East has taken the lead in the transformation of innovation, and has defined "the provision of wisdom for information interactions and human health."
Ports and Professional Services Networking Company, a completely new enterprise location. Around the strategy of “opening two ends, core screens/gases and” networking, based on company semiconductor display and membrane sensor technology, open technology end + application, and more than 100 networked areas, provide a market segment of at least 6 billion networked smart ports.
The sword refers to "material networking and artificial intelligence" and the layout of an intelligent system. The company uses the "material networking and artificial intelligence" as its main orientation, which is a multi-disciplinary system business of intelligence manufacturing, intelligent retailing, intelligent motors, smart energy units, etc.
Digital branding is a leading global supplier, sets, to move into electronic shelf labels; the acquisition of an international share of precision electricity, a whole-of-industry chain of arms; and a continuous increase in reserves of smart energy generating capacity. As corporate intelligence and smart systems operate, it is expected to become a new profit growth point for companies.
In 2020, the health industry in the country will reach 8 trillion yuan. In Kyoto, the basic feature of the "information medicine and big data" is the combination of technology with medicine, life science, cross-border innovation, and digital hospitals as its core, supporting mobile health.
In the next five years, the company will build six international first-class hospitals with the goal of becoming the most influential and leading.
• Based on the “1433” overall strategy, the three-year doubling of revenues and the year-on-year rise in the ratio of soft and hard integration to service receipts. In the first three quarters of 2017, companies achieved $6,476 million in profits, a significant increase from the 140 million net profit achieved during the same period last year.
The “1433” strategy of 2022, in which companies will maintain a three-year doubling growth trend over the next five years, and 1 Kyoto East: Reciprocal, innovation transition, 1.1 core business with strong performance growth
For the transformation of global industrial ecology from the post-Internet era to the fourth industrial revolution. The Kyoto East is currently designated as the “Intelligent Portal Products and Professional Services for Information Interactivity and Human Health.” As a semiconductor display and film sensor technology-based object networking firm, the company operates with monitors and film sensors, intelligent systems.
Three components of integrated and intelligent health services: company-owned business structure (net of internal offsetting income): company revenue is mainly derived from display and sensor software operations at 81.39 per cent, Māori at 89.52 per cent; smart system product business income at 16.72 per cent, but as a result of smart system products
The low Māori rate resulted in a Māori ratio of only 5.18 per cent; and a Māori health business of 0.99 per cent, with Māori contributing 1.91 per cent. Corporate performance: corporate operating income has been growing steadily in recent years, influenced by factors such as the uneven and net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, while the implementation of the domestic “811 sink conversion” resulted in a significant depreciation of the RMB exchange rate, resulting in the company's output
In the first half of 2017, companies firmly pursued a dsh strategy, market shares expanded, savings and gains increased, major construction projects progressed well, generating business income of $44.6 billion, an increase of 69 per cent, and net profits of $4.3 billion, a significant increase.
While the firm’s semiconductor shows a higher industry profile than in the same period last year, it also shows that the company’s core innovation capacity is rising and its performance is being realized through continuous, sophisticated management. Companies are focusing on technological innovation, increasing R & D inputs: Kyoto East insists on autonomous innovation and “technology leadership, global start-up, global start-up,
Values add up to the idea of innovation, strengthening patent-fighting systems, strengthening autonomous innovation capabilities, maintaining technology and products forward looking and leading, and raising global competitiveness across the board. Companies applied for 7570 patents in 2016, authorizing more than 3,000 patents, accumulated over 50,000 patents, and in Townsend, the Global Innovation Report, semiconductor-type enterprises.
The company focuses on R & D inputs, and the cost of R & D increases from year to year, with R & D spending in 2016 amounting to $4.139 billion and R & D investment amounting to $3.169 billion in the first half of 2017, representing 7.1% of the company's operating income.
The fourth industrial revolution is taking place, and the era of physical networking is beginning. From Turing in 1950, when the concept of artificial intelligence was introduced, Kevin Ashton in 1999, when the concept of material networking was introduced, to the present day, the evolution of information technology has brought the world into the era of connectivity, and the fourth industrial revolution is taking place. In the era of physical networking, information technology will permeate manufacturing, transportation, education, education, etc.
Energy, property, medical care, environment, scientific research, and even aspects of people’s daily lives. Future access to the Internet will provide trillion dollar-grade opportunities, and the global market for the Internet is expected to reach $27.6 trillion by 2030, and its market opportunities will be fine-tuned from the current information, manufacturing, transportation, etc. to smart drivers, smart homes, smart offices, smart factories, and so on.
Retail markets, health care, personal life, logistics navigation, intelligent cities, etc. Figure 8: The size of the global goods network market (US$ trillion) in response to the trend towards networking, in 2014, companies shifted their business structure from a single display to a limited associated diversity.
Implements the dsh career development strategy. In 2016, the company defined the goods network development strategy: Open the two ends, open the hatch.
In 2017, an overall “1433” strategy for the transformation of corporate innovation over the next five years was proposed. There are three main actions in Kyoto East around the strategy of “opening the two ends, the core shield, the air, and the material network.
Universities, research institutions and professionals work together to promote technological progress and product innovation and to create new market opportunities; open-ended applications, working with a wide range of enterprises and professionals interested in the field of networking, to innovate new hardware, new software, new applications and create new market opportunities; and fully promote semiconductor chips, monitors, software and content, functional hardware
Harmonious combinations, innovative applications, and opening up new market opportunities. Figure 9: Opening the technological ends of the two ends. In order to cope with the age of object networking, Kyoto East has re-positioned itself, identifying “1433” from 2018 to 2022.
The strategy “1433” includes a set of objectives, four enhancements, three upgrades and three shifts. In the next three years, total sales in Kyoto East will continue to grow at a high rate, achieving the goal of doubling, and expanding the ratio of soft and hard integration to service camps from direct procurement of upstream materials to an average of 150 billion yuan a year, expanding the market by more than 100 networked areas within five years.
At least 6 billion web-connected smart ports. Currently, the share of health services in Tokyo is small, but the share of health services will continue to rise over the next 10 years.
Corporate intelligence systems are primarily oriented towards “material networking and artificial intelligence” and are user-centred, based on demonstrated, artificial, intelligent, intelligent, retail, intelligent motors, intelligent energy, and networking solutions for four major objects. odm/oem services and personalizations, such as the most competitive machine and backlight modules, are being provided primarily to global partners.
Construction services, as well as networked breakdown solutions such as television, monitors, vr/ar, high-quality vehicles, alien vehicles, curled vehicles, art retail, commercial super-retail, financial retailing, photovoltaic power stations, emc, plant plants, electricity/carbon asset trading, etc.
In 2017, corporate intelligence system operations advanced, with successful global branding of well-known clients, intelligent services coming out with growing volumes, smart factory construction projects advancing steadily, fertilizer-combating smart logistics completes a full-scale planning phase, resulting in significant savings in human capacity and a smooth production run-off; Chongqing, smart factory owners achieving 43-day structural caps; and intelligent car joint operations are continuing.
Deep integration, with a successful customer certification of the Chengdu vehicle base; an intelligent retail start-up to acquire France's Ses, and an ultra-retail solution, which initially created product lines such as the gelery art retail business, the real retail retail shop electronic labels network system, the gold melt retail network system; and a continuous increase in the stock of smart energy power generation capacity.
According to the company’s financial data for the first half of 2017, smart-system operations contributed nearly 20% of the company’s operating income and about 2% of its net profit. Overall, corporate smart-system operations were characterized by high income but low Māori rates, with a Māori rate of 8.01% in the first half of 2017.
Nearly 7 million, the cities of tv and mnt significantly increased their sales, accounting for more than 90% of the current business turnover of smart systems. And the intelligence manufacturing business itself has a low Māori rate, and the decline in panel prices in the first half of this year further depressed the business’s gross 2.1-bureau smart manufacturing and continued to innovate ahead.
In 2016, the National Department of Industry and Communications published China ' s Smart Manufacturing Plan for China, which is a country in which China ' s manufacturing intelligent transformation is taking place.
The 13th Five-Year Development Plan for Smart Manufacturing provides the direction for the development of China's intelligent manufacturing industry. By 2025, China is planning to promote smart manufacturing in a two-step strategy.
In the second step, by 2025, China’s smart manufacturing support system was largely established, with a focus on industry, and in order to widen the bottom-of-the-board “outwards” of the panel, Kyoto’s East has always been engaged in a full-scale engineering business. In the future industrial age of 4.0, Kyoto’s capital was working to build smart factories, subvert traditional manufacturing models, give users a new experience of intellectual manufacturing services, and build one from the first.
The clientele has also expanded from large clients to small and medium-sized entrepreneurs in smart hardware. The corporate intelligence-making community has formed an experienced workforce, with team members working longer on average than in the industry.
After 10 years, mastery of backlight modules and mechanism-building core techniques, with a wealth of product design and operational experience. The required modular production techniques, whole-office test process techniques, automated application technologies, etc., were developed autonomously by companies and were successfully tested and used on a large scale by Takashiro (Sushu) Electronics Ltd. in Kyoto.
So far, the company has invested in several smart manufacturing projects, including Fertilizer, Suzhou, and Chongqing, and, based on the successful operation of the Fertilizer-based Smart Manufacturing Lifelines Project, has increased its funding for phase II of a fully fledged smart manufacturing production line. Smart manufacturing is a high point in the current global technological and industrial revolution, and it is significant for firms to improve their competitiveness and position.
Traditional manufacturing refers to a human-oriented production model, delayed transmission of production information, labour-intensive production processes, low demand for products, relative independence between units of production activity, longer production cycles, and intelligent manufacturing as a manufacturing system composed of intelligent machines and people.
In the long run, projects introduce smart manufacturing, take advantage of opportunities to build intelligent production lines, improve production efficiency, reduce labour costs, increase core competitiveness, and enable firms to emerge from existing mechanisms to create competitive patterns.
2.2 E-pricing and innovation screens, creation of a new eco-smart retailing, acquisition of shares of ses-imagotag, entry into electronic labels E-rack labels, also known as e-price tags (esl), an electronic display known as the "marking" of current retail outlets
Devices, which appear mainly in retail outlets with a wide variety of commodities, such as supermarkets, convenience stores, pharmacies, 3c stores, and different types of prices, and with a high frequency of price changes, are similar to a small screen that displays information about the name, origin, price, etc. of the product to customers. The performance of the function is basically parallel to the traditional paper price tags, but because the electronic price tags are possible.
It's connected to a commercial computer database, and the latest product information, such as the actual stock of commodities, can be displayed on screens. Moving away from the manual replacement of price labels, the price consistency between the cash counter and the shelf has been achieved.
Businesses may spend a great deal of time and resources a week to replace price tags, but this task can be easily achieved through high-efficiency electronic labels, resulting in significant savings in human and material costs. The advantages of electronic labels are clear compared to traditional paper price labels. Table 4: The advantages of electronic shelf labels
The stringent price regulation system and the continuing human costs put a lot of pressure on the offline traditional retail industry, and the electronic shelf label is a perfect solution to this problem using digital technology. The electronic shelf labels are now widely used in developed European countries. According to the m-brain research company, global electronic shelf labels are expected to be used between 2017 and 2020.
In the Internet age, the traditional retail sector has been hit by the electricity vendor’s Internet. In the future, sub-line and off-line retail sales will be deep.
Combining, with modern logistics, service providers use innovative technologies such as big data, cloud computing, and so on, to form the concept of new retailing in the future. The era of pure electricity will soon end, the form of pure retailing will be broken, and the new retailing will lead a new business model in the future.
Since 2016, new retail markets have emerged in the retail sector, with a number of new and emerging stores with new retail features and trends in the market for treasures. Electronic shelf labels are seen as a necessary facility for increasing the efficiency of new retail operations, and the electronic labelling industry is expected to benefit from the outbreak of new retail markets in depth and accelerate their diffusion.
In line with the corporate strategy for the overall development of soft and hard integration, application integration and service transformation, smart retailing is committed to developing an overall solution for "hardware product plus software platform plus scenario application" and to building a network platform for the retail industry.
In June of that year, the company issued a public announcement that it intended to consolidate the accounts of the Sets by acquiring 50.01% of the shares of the Ses-imagotag company and to enter the electronic shelf label area.
Ses-imagotagsa, a leading global supplier in the field of electronic shelf labels and digital tags, is a rich product of the company ' s product, supporting a variety of displays in colour electronic paper, segment code lcd, tft-lcd, and covering a variety of esl multi-frequency protocols, wi-fi, ble and nfc communications. Around the e-rack labels, the company ' sses integrates electronic paper supply chain resources and downstreams.
Software platforms, image recognition and big data analysis resources to create a full set of solutions for the retail industry, consisting of display terminals (electronic shelf labels), in-house communication facilities and software platforms, each electronic shelf label being connected to the back-office database via wire or wireless networks and the updated commodity prices via electronic shelf
The electronic shelf labels have succeeded in integrating price management into computer programs, moving away from manual replacement of price labels, and achieving price consistency between the cash counter and the shelf. The Sets solution is now available in more than 50 countries, 100 retail brands, and 12,000 stores around the world.
The market and technology capabilities of soft and hard integration in retail product networking are highly aligned with the company’s strategy. Companies use the rich distribution networks and localized resources they own, and build on the good brand value of the company’s brand and a large amount of internationalized customer resources, building on electronic shelf labels, to create a user behavior analysis system.
This deal, which is an important strategic opportunity for companies to take advantage of the development of “new retail” at home and abroad by means of mergers and acquisitions, to transform their strategies into new retail businesses. 2.2.2 Together with Ali’s new retail intelligence library, the demonstration effect is expected to lead the industry to break out.
On September 22, the New Retail Smart Experience House, “Hometimes House Time”, was located in Silver Tai, West Lake, Hangzhou, a joint venture between Kyodong and Ali. The shop's smart homes, black technology 3c digital, stationery makeup, and imported foods are all about everything, bringing new shopping experiences to customers.
The store is equipped with more than 700 electronic shelf labels produced in the east of Kyoto, which cover 2.7 inches, 4.2 inches and 7.4 inches, with electronic ink screens that are super-low-utilized, readable from different angles, displaying information such as commodity names, real-time prices, two-dimensional codes, and even pictures. In the experience shop, all commodity prices are priced using electronic labels.
In addition, scanning the two-dimensional code on the electronic price mark can also jump directly to the online shop, easily finish shopping on the line, take off the line, make it really possible to buy objects through the whole channel under the line + through equipment such as electronic shelf labels and other autonomous terminals, connect to the regional computer database, for consumers.
Big data analysis, such as browsing preferences and buying behaviour, shopkeeping and stock management, not only helps consumers gain a better user experience, but also businesses can adapt their business decisions in a timely manner and develop efficient marketing strategies and procurement plans. We believe that the experience shop built by Ari in Tokyo has a significant demonstration effect on the new retail industry and is expected to be a leader.
The starting point for the growth of the retail sector. In the future, as Kyoto East deploys smart system solutions in more compartmentalized areas, as well as further penetration of intelligence labels in domestic retailing, companies are expected to earn more profits in the field of intelligent retailing.
In November 2016, at the Global Partnership for Innovation in the East of Kyoto, Kyoto launched its first-ever global Boe screen. The Boe screen, a unique and non-destructive gamma technology, guaranteed the full performance of the colour scale and allowed for a fine display of the details of the painting and maximum restoration of the original work. The Boe screen is not just a display end, but a digital art gallery with a powerful interactive function.
Users can download drawings at any time, anywhere, via mobile phone app, and send them to the end of the screen, as easily as they can. On September 1, 2017, the Boe screen came out of many innovative applications and won the “ifa technology innovation prize.” Ifa, one of the largest and most influential consumer electronic fairs in the world, was called consumer-type electronics.
Ace show. Boe screens represent the company’s product stand on the international stage and are highly recognized. Figure 23: Boe screens win the international prize for ifa. Currently, the product is sold to countries like the United States, Germany, France, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Australia, South-East Asia, etc.
Regional. We believe that the Boe screen is just a small step in the layout of the company ' s smart retail network, and that the company will in the future deploy more products, speed up the layout of the network and improve the intelligent retail industry. 2.3 Acquisitions of international shares in precision electricity, showing extension of the vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-loading area
Car monitors are one of the new high-profit segmented markets for global panel manufacturers, following smartphones, tablets, and the growing demand for people to interact with each other, which has also led to rapid technological changes in vehicle vehicles. The early arrival of vehicle monitors was designed to satisfy basic information, but was accompanied by the development of car intelligence.
There is now a growing demand for the interactive use of human vehicles, with vehicle-borne technology showing diversified developments, and, in addition to the traditional liquid crystal screens, oled flexible display technology, multitouch control technology, dlp projection technology, hud visual display technology, homogeneity technology, etc. are beginning to move into vehicle-based displays. At the same time, vehicle-borne technology shows a trend toward larger scales.
Figure 24: Large-scale growth trends as shown by vehicle loads. ihs data show that vehicle loads have become the fourth most important screen after television, it, and mobile phones, and will continue to grow over the next five years. The ups and ups show a particularly strong growth in products, which is expected to grow by 19% per year in 2016-2022.
Field research companies sbd project that the global smart-networked car market will be 39 billion euros in size over the next five years. In 2018, the market for car-connected services, vehicle-borne communications, and car-connected hardware will reach 24.5 billion, 4 billion, and 6.9 billion euros, respectively.
There will be a significant increase in vehicle monitor applications, which will reach 12.8% by 2022, when the market space for vehicle monitor markets will reach $9.8 billion. In the area of Smart Car Unions, companies are now primarily operating platforms for vehicle-car operations using Precision International.
A business development strategy. On 3 February 2016, the company signed a limited company subscription agreement between Precision International Ltd. and the Tokyo Oriental Science and Technology Group, whereby the company, with its own financial resources, subscribes to more than 50% of the international equity of Precision Power to consolidate its niche resources and accelerates the implementation of a global corporate vehicle-based strategy.
It was established in 1978 to provide adequate demonstration solutions for a wide range of applications, including auto components, telecommunications equipment, industry and consumer products; and to design and tailor LCD monitors for customers with specific needs, as well as products with standard specifications. The main business of the company is to design, manufacture and sell LCD monitors and related products.
After a year of integration, the international operation of precision electricity has continued to improve, with an operating income of HK$1,297 million in the first half of 2017, with global marketing services covering North America, Europe, Asia, etc., providing products and services for Mercedes, BMW, the general public, and Fortelle.
The net profit of HK$ 2,254 million, an increase of 15.6 per cent and 42.93 per cent, respectively, is now being applied to almost all mainstream car branders around the world.
With the EPI, CPI will act as an operational platform for the company’s vehicle-borne business, implementing a whole vehicle-borne business development strategy that will facilitate the rapid empowerment of the company’s vehicle-borne business by pooling its niche resources. The EPI has established global marketing channels and customer resources, with the ability to develop passenger-made products, and good quality control systems.
The integration of resources and the complementarity of strengths in favour of joint efforts. Figure 28: Some smart vehicle-based products offered by companies rely on resource advantages to focus on smart energy.
In the area of smart energy, the company provides, inter alia, a parking lot Internet + energy-efficient lighting solution; provides smart detection operations, management platforms, real-time monitoring and management of power generation; speeds up the deployment of photovoltaic power stations covering various parts of the country, such as Anhui, Zhejiang and Kyung-jin-su: building smart microgrids, promoting efficient interconnection on both sides of power generation, and providing cleaner, transparent and efficient power supply.
In the first half of 2017, there was a steady increase in the reserves of the company’s smart energy capacity.