A modern industrial microcosm of the rise of major powers, southwest securities research and development centre.
Kyoto East: A modern industrial microcosm of the rise of the big powers. It is now the absolute leader of China’s liquid crystal industry in terms of assets, profits, production, production lines, technology, etc. It has 12 liquid crystal productions throughout the country. At the end of the month, Chinese enterprises began to lead the development of the global amoled industry in a new era of demonstration.
• *oled: Swords rise, giant ships sail. There are three advantages in the field: 1) technology advances and flexible processes are in place: flexible aoleds are made from the built-in lines in line with the high-end positioning of cellular manufacturers on the oled screens, which facilitates the introduction of products into the supply chain. 2) Production is the largest in the country, and the market is quickly seized.
Share; currently, all other domestic manufacturers have a design line capacity of less than 30 kilogrammes per month, whereas the design product for the design line is 48 kilogrammes per month, which helps to supply bulk and replace national production. 3) Excellent equipment, which is conducive to an improvement: Kyoto East has acquired the best performance of plating equipment and metal masks, which are conducive to upgrading.
By the year, the company will be among the world's top-class amoled panel suppliers, sharing most of the medium-sized and small-sized olid markets with Sam.
The prices of liquid crystal panels will remain stable at three 8.5 generation production lines per year. The company now has four 8.5 generation lines and two 10.5 generation lines will be in production by the end of 17 and 19 years, with high-generation production ranking first in the country. At the same time, the company's compost 6 generation line and the Beijing 8.5 generation line will be lost in the next two years.
In January this year, the company went beyond lgd to become the world's top producer of television panels, heralding the company's entry to the top of the panel industry, the future development of a network of adaptors, the transformation of innovation, and the creation of a new leader in the era of networking.
With the central panel advantage, the intelligent system and the health services business will continue. In Suzhou, Chongqing, and so forth, the manufacturing project will continue in 2018: the company will acquire shares from the world’s leading suppliers in the field of electronic shelf labels and digital tags, cutting into the field of electronic shelf labels. In the area of health services, the company is active.
The Agency's Digital General Hospital and Health Industry Park, with a health management programme based on artificial intelligence and big data.
In China’s liquid crystal industry, Kyoto East is the country’s first in terms of assets, profits, output, production lines, and technology. At present, Kyoto East has 12 LCD lines across the country, with a total investment of more than $300 billion, the largest single enterprise in China’s industrial history to date.
After Korea, log became the world's number one. 1.1 Company evolution: from an electronic tube plant to a liquid crystalhead.
In 2001, the company formally changed its name to “Kyoto Science and Technology Corporation” in line with the Globalisation Development Strategy, and in December of that year it acquired Korea's modern stn-lcd and oled operations, formed Korea's Modern LCD Demonstrators Ltd., started the development of organic electrostatic monitors (stn-lcd) for mobile products.
In 2003, the company acquired modern Korean electronics tft-lcd, entering the field of tft-lcd. After that, the company invested a number of tft-lcd production lines, ending the history of China’s total import dependence on LCD and large-sized television screens. In 2011, the company began construction of the Urdus 5.5 generation amoled production line, the first in China and the second in the world.
At the end of October 2017, the company made up the sixth generation of flexible auled production lines, the third largest global firm after Samsung and lig, and the first domestic firm to achieve soft oled production, heralded the beginning of China’s enterprise’s leadership of the global amoled industry in a new era of demonstration.
Found a tablet display tft at the Beijing electronics plant to buy modern Korean electronics.
lcd Project Pre-Study Group, tft-lcd Operations, S.C.T.T.U.
Renovation, creation of Beijing East, tracking of research tft, closing of patents and team, entry
The shares of the electronic conglomerates have modern Korean stn-intft-lcd fields.
Pdp, fed, and so on, became the first business in Beijing - lcd and oled.
Tft-lcd, the 6th generation in the east of Kyoto, was the first in high school in mainland China.
tft-lcd production line.
The tft-lcd production line was in mass production, and it broke China's fat sixth generation tft-lcd.
Construction, China's first Chinese article, Chengdu's New West District, and China's mainland East China has no choice.
The world's 2nd generation, 5.5 generation LCD screens are based on the primary LCD era."
The situation of imports from Beijing, generation 8.5, tft--
Fatty 8.5-generation tft- 6-generation softness, Chongqing 8.5-generation tft--
The world's highest intergenerational line - lcd production line, lcd production line;
lcd production line; 1-Kyoto production line amoled
It's the first article in mainland China. 10.5 tft-lcd. Chengdu 6th.
Construction; heavy in Tokyo, amoled production line open.
Qing's intelligent manufacturing plant is built on imported history and construction.
1.2 Core business is prominent and performance growth is strong as part of the evolution of global industrial ecology from the post-Internet era to the fourth industrial revolution.
For "Intelligent Ports Products and Professional Services for Information Interactivity and Human Health " , the company's main business package includes display and sensor packages, smart systems and health services, in which the display business is the company's core business.
Māori accounts for 89.52 per cent compared to 81.39 per cent; Māori accounts for 16.72 per cent; Māori accounts for only 5.18 per cent as a result of the low Māori ratio for smart system products; and Māori accounts for 0.99 per cent for smart and healthy business and 1.91 per cent for Māori.
In the first half of 2017, the company firmly pursued its dsh strategy, its market share expanded, its performance increased, major construction projects progressed well, and business revenues increased by 44.6 billion yuan.
Sixty-nine% achieved a net profit of $4.3 billion, a significant increase in the same year. The net profit of $1 billion increased significantly, with companies’ semiconductors showing a higher industry profile than in the same period last year, while also demonstrating an increase in the company’s core innovation capacity and the performance realized as a result of continued intensive management.
Companies focus on technological innovation and constantly add-ons to R & D inputs: Kyoto East adheres to the idea of autonomous innovation and “technology leadership, global start-up, value-sharing” innovation, constantly strengthens patent-fighting systems, strengthens autonomous innovation capabilities, keeps technology and products forward-looking and leading, and comprehensively improves global competitiveness. In 2016, companies applied for 7570 patents, authorizing patents.
More than 3,000, cumulatively over 50,000 patents are available, ranking second in the world in the Townsend Reuters Global Innovation Report, “Innovation in semiconductor-type enterprises.” Companies focus on R & D inputs, with R & D costs increasing from year to year, with R & D costs of $4,139 million in 2016 and R & D investment of $3,369 million in the first half of 2017, accounting for 7.1 per cent of the company's operating income.
The company maintains long-term, sustainable cooperation with well-known clients, including Samsung, lig, Hai Xin, Concorga, Union, Dale, Hewlett-Packard, and so on.
First supplier of first-line international brands. The corporate panel industry maintained an in-house lead in market ownership by segment, with ihsmarkit (global information consulting firm) data showing that, by the end of June, smartphone lcd screens, tablet screens, laptop displays continued to be the world ' s number one. In 2016, corporate monitors continued to show the second largest market in the world.
The company's fast-tracking amoled and large-sized tft-lcd production lines, production capacity and technology security. The company is now in production or in the process of building a total of 12 production lines, 9 of which are in production and 3 production lines in the second half of this year and in the second two years of next year.
In the first half of 2017, the company continued to strengthen its efficiency management, optimize its bottlenecks, deepen its production capacity, and innovate in Beijing, compost, and Chongqing 8.5 generation;
The supply and demand patterns have shifted, the supply side has continued to be compressed to the Chinese-Korean rivalries, the demand side has continued to grow steadily, and the panel week period has ended. As the lcd production and liquid crystal panel industries have gradually been reduced in Japan and Korea, China’s producer-led era is approaching.
Line production, with the world’s largest 10.5 generation capacity. At both the supply and demand ends, the acceleration of the exit of the overseas giants will reduce the supply end of the lcd to the Chinese-Korean rivalries, with limited growth in future supply-side capacity, mainly within the country; demand will increase steadily, and large-scale high-end television will be a big trend, with companies expected to lead the country in the next three years in the company’s large generation line of production.
The growth of new production capacity in the inner lcd dominated the pricing power of large-scale television panels. Figure 12: Large-sized liquid crystal panel production capacity and speed of increase in the olid, with a strong momentum and a clear yield advantage in the Kyoto East.
On the Korean side, Samsung is holding 97% of the world's market share, and lgd is actively transforming all new investments into amoled. Plants and Japanese plants are more conservative in their investment in anoled, and are now raising their share of the ltps. With policy and financial support, the mainland plant is on a-si, ltps, amoled all-line.
Power. But with the bottleneck of output-line and product-goodness, we predict that supply and demand will be difficult to fully balance over the next two to three years, and that Kyoto East, as the country's first soft-led producer, will have the clear advantage of entering the first echelon in terms of technology and capacity.
Kyoto East is the world’s third-largest and first-largest producer of soft-led products after Samsung, lig. The sixth-generation flexible aoled production line was inaugurated on May 11th of this year and produced ahead of schedule at the end of October of this year. The sixth-generation flexible aoled production line has been built and is expected to be produced in 2019.
The flexible amoled line will be put into production, and the company will be a leader in the soft amoled field and have the ability to provide high-quality amoeld screens to global brand manufacturers. 1.4 Adherence to the dsh strategy, fast-tracking new areas
In 2014, the company shifted its business structure from a single display device to a limitedly related diversity to implement a development strategy for the dsh career. When it concentrated on the core business display and sensor software industry (dbg), the company maintained a breakdown of the lead in the market occupation industry, creating a new system of intelligence (sbg) and health service (hbg) on the basis of dbg.
Corporate smart systems operate in the main direction of `material networking and artificial intelligence', creating four major business systems: smart services, smart retailing, smart cars, smart energy. Currently, odm/oem services and personalized intelligence services, such as the most competitive machine and backlight modules, are provided primarily to global partners, as well as television, monitors, vr/ar, high-quality vehicles and alien vehicles.
Disaggregated solutions for networking such as carrying, curing, art retailing, commercial super-retailing, financial retailing, photovoltaic power stations, emc (contract energy management, energy management), plant plants, electricity/carbon asset trading, etc. Corporate intelligence systems are now steadily moving forward, successfully developing globally renowned brand clients, and intelligent services are not getting out of the air.
The company's smart factory has completed a master plan for smart logistics, which has resulted in significant savings in manpower and production: Chongqing has achieved a 43-day advance structural capping of the smart factory's main plant: intelligent car combines continuously, and Chengdu has successfully completed its customer certification; intelligent retailing has started to acquire France's ess, a super-zero layoutr.
Solicitation solutions, which initially form the Boe screen art retail business, the real retail retail electronic label network system, the financial zero network system, and other product lines: the stock of smart energy generating capacity continues to increase. Corporate health service operations are characterized by “information medicine and big data” as essential features, building mobile health, digital hospitals, etc.
The company signed an agreement on cooperation on investment in the digital medicine centre project in Tokyo and a framework agreement on cooperation in the project “Silica Valley for Chinese Medical Workers” in the Tokyo East-North Airline, in order to achieve strategic cooperation in the innovation of the health-care industry.
Uninvented Multiparameter (mtx) and Mobile Health Management Platform (app), certified by Cog through cfda (National Directorate General for Monitoring Food and Drugs); continued improvement in the performance of the Mind Hospital, and steady progress in the construction of the Fertilizer Digital Hospital project; active planning of projects in Beijing, Chengdu, etc.; initiation of regenerative medicine with the construction of three integrated regenerative medicine institutes, and promotion
The first cytocardial muscles, corneas, etc. in the country; the steady advancement of insurance company license applications; the growing capacity of health parks, building on the steady operation of existing parks, to expand their projects and promote landings.
2.1 Global competition patterns in the liquid crystal panel industry: the five tigers of the three countries have shifted the focus of their voice across the liquid crystal panel industry, and we can see that the panel industry has undergone tremendous changes in just over two decades, starting with the early stages of industrial development and expansion in Japan, and moving to Korea after Japan's recession.
However, Germany and the US played a leading role in the discovery of the earliest LCDs, the theory of basic research, and their application. In the late 19th century, German physics professors discovered that LCDs can change with temperature and have multiple bending properties.
In 1968, LCD was only used by the US company rca, but because the current LCD technology did not meet the demand for LCD, the US gave up further R&D of LCD technology. The US exit gave Japanese companies wide market development space, leading Japan from 1973 to 1995.
In 1983, LCD technology was developed with a 2-inch colour crystal display.
Japan was the best in LCD technology. By the mid-1990s, the world’s most advanced LCD panels were largely concentrated in Japan, where it formed a complete upstream/downstream support system in the panel manufacturing supply chain.
Figure 15: The panel manufactures at least one Japanese enterprise on each of the key supply chains.
Color filters, toto guide film, glass panels.
The development of tft-lcd was facilitated by the introduction of the first generation of thinkpad laptops in 1992 by ibm, a step-by-step exposure.
LCDs are used for the first time on laptops to trigger market demand. Previously, Japanese firms produced LCDs for small screens, which, given the unique algebraic characteristics of the LCD industry, had to be put into new, larger LCD lines. However, the increased profits of laptop computers attracted a large number of emerging investors, leading to oversupply, price falls, and life.
Large investments in production lines have plunged many Japanese firms into annual losses. Given the short history of liquid crystal panels, there is no similar situation, Japanese firms are not aware of the special nature of the liquid crystal panel industry, that is, the low valley phase of the LCD cycle, which requires companies to continue to build new production lines to withstand the loss period before the output and profits break out.
South Korean companies know this well, and in 1987, after seven consecutive years of loss, the Tristar group committed itself to the development of the LCD business, which finally took Japan first in the second recession cycle of the LCD industry in 1995-1996. In the early 1990’s, Japanese firms faced the decline of the LCD industry, but led to the unemployment of a large number of engineers, who were hired by Korean companies immediately.
Together with strong investment in building production lines, Korean companies, represented by Samsung and lig, quickly outperformed Japanese firms, occupying the first and second highest share of the world’s market. It was too late for Japanese firms to take action, and the Taiwanese firms rose up.
The company, under pressure to transfer part of the technology to Taiwan’s enterprises for high transfer fees, was hit by a chain of South Korean firms. In 1998, the “tft-lcd industrial year” of Taiwan, in which six businesses entered the tft-lcd industry.
The ongoing M & A of the surrogates and panels, and Taiwan's current position in the liquid crystal panel industry, are also significant. 2.2 After the panel industry, the continent's beneficial industries are being transferred low levels of self-sufficiency of raw materials, and there is wide scope for national production as an alternative to imports.
The primary raw materials manufactured by panels include liquid crystals, glass-based panels, glimmers and backlight sourcesled, of which color filters 14 per cent, backlight modules 17 per cent, drive ic17 per cent, radiates 11 per cent, glass 16 per cent, and together they account for 75 per cent of the lcd cost. But the rest of the raw materials, with the exception of colour filters, are basically imported, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 10 per cent.
Table 2: The glass base plate, one of the most important raw materials in the production of tft-lcd, produced by the panel-manufacturing major raw materials, with very high requirements for chemical composition, performance and production processes, has long been monopolized by a few companies in the United States, such as Conning and Japanese electric nitrate.
The first generation of glass panels (300 mm x 400 mm) has grown to the present tenth generation (2850 mm x 305mm) for only 20 years, and, given the pace of development and production of glass panels in our continent since 2007, the future import of glass-based plates is ready to be replaced by national production.
The mainland panel industry finally has the nerve to look back at the history of our liquid crystal panel development, although in a short period of time it's become a big industry with a big Korean company.
The Chinese flatbed industry, which started in the 1970s, has not been able to form a mass production scale for a long time, and has been hampered by the blockade of learning technology routes to Japan, and has only been able to engage itself in the development of lcd technology. In 1998, the Gilling crystals cost $84 million to bring a generation of tft-lcd from Japan.
The 2008 financial crisis caused large-scale industrial contractions around the world, as did the tft industry, with Korean-Japanese firms collapsing, merging, or losing significantly, but China stands up as the only growing liquid crystal panel market.
South Korea’s Samsung and lig slowed down the construction of a new generation of production lines and barely managed to survive. Sony and Samsung were forced by economic pressure to choose a joint venture, leaving Sharp alone to compete with Korean companies on a high-generation production line, and in 2008, Sharp also made the first year of loss since his listing in Tokyo in 1956.
The shortcomings of the financial crisis, coupled with our strong policy support for the liquid crystal panel industry since 2010, have led to the rapid growth of our liquid crystal panel industry and a sharp rise in the share of the global market, which is now the second largest in the world.
Nationally produced panels replace imports, downstream demand rises, LCD lines are divided according to the size of the glass-based panels, and products are not technically different, but simply produce.
In general, the higher the panel algebra, the greater the size of the panel, the greater the number of screens that can be cut. Five generation and below are mainly for laptops and desktops, and LCD parameters are much lower than for LCDs.
The current global market of lcd is stabilizing and slowing down, mainly because of the imminent replacement of lcd in small screen equipment, such as mobile phones, and the saturation of the laptop screen. Therefore, the most extensive LCD application of lcd is moving in the direction of large-scale television, which also drives a slow growth in demand for large-scale lcd panels.
The growth is mainly due to the growth of television panels, which are mainly driven by the growth in the single-size size of television panels, i.e. large screens. Figure 22: Large-sized televisions are growing faster (millions), although small screens, such as mobile phones, are gradually being replaced by an oed screen, but the screen will also be used as an lcd screen.
The impact of popularization is minimal. Given the ongoing shift of the television panel industry to the mainland, the self-sufficiency of our television panels is increasing, and production of our lcd panels will continue to rise for some time to come.
tft-lcd, as a technology-intensive enterprise, requires huge R & D and financial inputs, and horizontally and vertically integrated transnational cooperation helps to reduce costs, but it is in the way of the strict technology blockade imposed on our country by Korea and Taiwan, so we can only make another way to implement industrial support policies. In addition to industrial support policies, tft-lcd is a capital-intensive enterprise, a product line.
With billions of dollars needed to build, and the regularity of the liquid crystal panels, which led to the occasional loss of panels not being favoured by listed finance and bank loans, Kyoto East has figured out a financing path appropriate to our national circumstances. The company now has nine lcd lines, seven of which have already been produced, leaving the fertilizer-based 10.5 generation line expected to be on 2018.
Six-month-old production and the Wuhan 10.5 generation are expected to be achieved by 2020. Since the company’s first generation of tft-lcd lines became gradually operational and became fully operational, the company’s tft-lcd business revenue has been growing steadily, with a small decline in 2013 but higher actual sales than in 2012, mainly due to the sale price of the single tft-lcd.
With the subsequent steady rise in unit prices, corporate tft-lcd revenues are also expected to grow steadily before it does. The company’s profile volume in the first half of this year will be the world’s number one lgd in several consecutive years, and will continue to grow strong and strengthen its leader as the company’s high-generation production lines become operational.
3older: Swords rise, giant ships sail at 3.1ooled speeds up, soft screens rise, annual mobile phone releases just fall off seasons, new pick-ups issued by manufacturers like Apple, Samsung, Mi, Vivo, etc.
In the context of the growing importance of consumer electronic differentiation today, major mobile phone manufacturers are actively seeking innovation in the areas of screens, bodies, and cameras, and the decade-long industry of oed has finally come to an outbreak. As the world’s first company to apply oled to mobile phones, the three stars have raised the delivery rate of oled screen phones.
With the introduction of an apple iphonex with a full-scale old screen, it is expected that domestic mobile operators will follow apples, or they will be labeled as medium-end mobile phones in the future. The old (organiclight-emittingdiode) is an organic luminous diode with spontaneous light, a wide perspective, and a few.
It's a perfect match to the requirements of the cell screen, not to mention the infinity of contrasts, low electricity consumption, and very high speed of reaction. tft-lcd glows through the Backlightunit, turns it off through liquid crystal control, and then displays different colours through different rgb colour filters, while oled produces his own light material, which is congenital in thickness.
Advantages. As one of the ones on the oled screen, amoled is the most important category in the current mobile end-of-end oled screen, i.e. the active matrix organic luminous secondary body. amoled has three layers of screen construction, including amoled screens, touchscreenpanel, and external protection glass.
Soft screens are now moving in the direction of bendables and foldables. Three stars on the "sid Display Assembly" in May this year showcased the world’s first scalable slot screen as the current one.
The state-of-the-art soft screen, which has a 12-mm puncture elastic space, allows the screen to fold up and down, even bending, to effectively prevent the screen from breaking. The problem of the prevalence and longevity of the disease of the once oled has now been resolved, and the lgd takes only two years to make the oled.
The good quality rate has risen to 80%, and the same process has taken 10 years. The life of an ligdoled product can now be ensured for more than 50,000 hours, far beyond the normal life of a liquid crystal TV on the market. With its excellent physiology and good rate and life problem resolution, we believe that the outbreak of the oled panel industry can be considered to be ready and positive.
We estimate the total market demand for the olid by a mobile phone of 5.5 inches, a flat-board computer of 11 inches, a laptop of 14 inches, a television of 50 inches, a vr set for 6 inches, a wearable device of 1.3 inches, a central monitor of 11 inches.
South Korea's monopoly on the production of the olid, the domestic manufacturer speeds up the distribution of the oled production line, and the three stars, as the first-ever leading the development of the olid screen, now account for 99 per cent of the world's olid production, and it is expected that apples and tristars will consume nearly 68 per cent of the amoled screen capacity in 2017, leaving only 32 per cent of the country's output.
Domestic producers like Kyoto East, Visino, and glimmers of light, starlight, tethers, and deep-seated horses can only speed up the investment process in the oled, which has a wide distribution of the olid production line. Although there is currently a large gap between the global share of the country’s production capacity and South Korea’s domestic capacity in 2015, olid.
The capacity is only 9% of the global total, but this figure is expected to reach 28% by 2020, when we will be the second largest supplier of the world after Korea.
Figure 40: Growth and projections of the production capacity of the country ' s oled. Figure 41: Large-scale g7-g11 production pattern of the world ' s oled.
As early as 2001, Kyoto’s first amoled laboratory was set up, and new and emerging technology research began. In 2011, Kyoto’s first Chinese and world’s second 5.5 generation amoled production line was launched.
In 2015, Kyoto East launched China ' s first flexible production line in Chengdu, and in 2016 accelerated the layout of the flexible production line, and the sixth generation of the Sichuan Sun production line, with a total investment of 46.5 billion yuan in a single-screen sub-line, with a similar design capacity of 48 k/month, expected to produce in 2019.
By that time, the company's leading position in the soft mooled area will be consolidated, with the prospect of a curved hyperdrive that will form a two-score 3.3 core steam plating aid company that will sail on the course of the 44:oled process.
The technical barriers to the oled process are extremely high, especially that the tft arrays and cell boxes contain a large number of complex processes, that critical equipment (tft equipment, plating equipment and wrapping equipment) is almost monopolized by Japan, Korea and the United States, and that the equipment is expensive, with the plating equipment being the most central link in the entire panel production process, directly affecting the quality and efficiency of the manufactured goods.
The evaporation process is based on the principle that in a vacuum it is evaporated into atoms or molecules and coagulated against the surface of the base sheet by heating by current, electrobeaming and laser heating. The evaporation device, which is the core of the process, cannot be modified and upgraded through the lcd device, is currently in a state of supply or demand.
On the fmm side, only the company ' s fmm in the market can produce qhd-grade oled panels, while the production of qhd-grade printing in Japan was bought by all three stars before 2017. But at the beginning of 2017, the three stars and the plating machine were printed in Japan.
With the expiry of the exclusive supply agreement on fmm products, Kyoto East was the only manufacturer in the country that could produce the qhd resolution panel, and with the help of Japan's printed fmm products, the company's future transition to high-end display would be smoother.
Global plating production is now almost monopolized by Canontokki, and Samsung basically wraps all of its equipment orders to obtain plating equipment that directly affects the ability of the company to produce. It is no exaggeration to say that the evaporation device has to be “oled” in the world. Five of the seven units that canontokki produces in one year now are given to Sams, lgd and others.
One in each of them. In the equipment chain, the capital is in the lead. 4 power smartness systems plus health services, building new profit growth points, 4.1 in more than one area of smart intelligence operations.
Corporate intelligence systems are primarily oriented towards “material networking and artificial intelligence”, centred on users, and based on the advantages of display, artificial intelligence and sensory technology, developing networking solutions for the four main objects of intelligence, intelligence retailing, intelligent motors, and intelligent energy.
On the basis of the company ' s financial data for the first half of 2017, smart system products contributed nearly 20 per cent of the company ' s operating income.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate was only 8.01%. The main reason is that IQS is an important business in Kyoto’s wisdom system, accounting for more than 90% of the current business turnover.
Figure 48: Māori rate for corporate intelligence system operations 4.1.1 has been innovative in terms of its intellectual services, and in order to widen the bottom of the panel, Kyoto East has been working as a replacement for the coloured machine.
The clientele has also expanded from large clients to small and medium-sized entrepreneurs in smart hardware. The company is now working on a number of smart manufacturing projects in Fertilizer, Suzhou, Chongqing, and is combing the entire machine.
On the basis of the successful operationalization of the production line project, the Fund has been able to carry out phase II of the production line for the production of whole machines and smarts. It has been able to create production lines by building them, effectively improving production efficiency, reducing labour costs and increasing the value of the industrial chain, while enhancing the international competitiveness of our semiconductor products.
4.1.2 Acquisition of shares in ses-imagotag and creation of a new ecology for intelligent retailing
The solution is to show the terminals (electronic shelf labels), in-house communications facilities and software platforms, each electronic shelf label is connected to the back-office database via wire or wireless networks, and the updated commodity price is displayed through electronic shelf labels. The electronic shelf label successfully integrates price management into the computer program and moves away from it.
The manual replacement of price labels has resulted in price consistency between the cashier and the shelf. So far, the ses solution has been applied in more than 50 countries worldwide, 100 retail brands, 12,000 hotels, and the cumulative installation of electronic labels has become a new trend, with huge industrial potential. In recent years, Internet-based digitization,
Smart management and the development of off-line integration around user experiences have become new developments in the retail sector, and have prompted the development of off-line system solutions. Electronic shelf labels (esl) can reduce labour costs, implement paperless management, help real-time stores complete off-line marketing synchronization, change prices in real time, and diversify marketing strategies.
According to the m-brain research company, global electronic shelf labels are expected to grow at an annual rate of 30% between 2017 and 2020, reaching $10 billion in market size by 2020.
Lately, but one of the fastest-growing areas is the huge market and new retail development demands. The new retail intelligence library, “Hometimes” – built in conjunction with Alibaba – is located in the West Bank of Hang County.
The two-dimensional code can also be transferred directly to the online shop, and it can easily be done shopping on the line, taking off the line, and really achieve the full-channel shopping experience of the online plus line. More than 700 electronic price tags in sizes of 2.7 inches, 4.2 inches and 7.4 inches can be connected to regional computer databases through electronic shelf labels and other autonomous terminals.
Large-scale data analysis with purchasing behaviour, shopkeeping and inventory management not only helps consumers to obtain better user profiles, but also enables businesses to adjust their business decisions in a timely manner and develop efficient marketing strategies and procurement plans.
Figure 52: Electronic shelf labels in the Hall of Smart Experience The future, as Kyoto’s East deploys smart system solutions in more compartmentalized areas, as well as further penetration of smart labels in domestic retail domain, companies are expected to earn more profit growth points in intelligent retail business.
4.1.3 Acquisition of PET International shares, whole-of-the-industry chain marching in the area of vehicle vehicles. Currently, in the area of Smart Car Unions, the company has implemented a whole-car business development strategy, mainly using PET International as an operational platform for vehicle-borne operations. On 3 February 2016, the company signed the SET International Ltd. and the Tokyo Oriental Science and Technology Group.
Corporate subscription agreements, whereby companies (or through their wholly-owned subsidiaries) purchase more than 50% of their equity equity in precision electricity by means of their own funds, in order to consolidate their comparative resources and accelerate the implementation of a global corporate vehicle-based enterprise strategy. The Proficient International Deep Farming Vehicle shows a global marketing service covering North America, Europe, Asia, etc. for more than 30 years.
It provides products and services for Mercedes, BMW, Volkswagen, and Fortelle. Currently, Boe (Kyoto East) vehicle-borne displays provide full-car-system solutions, such as full-car systems, advanced driving aids, and high-precision location systems, which are now being applied to almost all mainstream car brands around the world.
Car monitors are one of the new high-profit segmented markets for global panel producers, following smart phones, tablets. The ihs data show that the vehicle shows that it has become the fourth most important screen after television, it, mobile phones, and will continue to grow over the next five years. The upturn shows a particularly strong growth in products, with 19% projected for 2016-2022.
Dsbd projects that the global smart-networked car market will be 39 billion euros in size over the next five years. In 2018, the market for car-connected uniforms, vehicle-borne communications, car-connected hardware will be 24.5 billion euros, 4 billion euros, and 6.9 billion euros, respectively.
In the area of smart energy, the company provides, inter alia, a parking lot Internet + energy-efficient lighting solution; provides smart detection operations, management platforms, real-time monitoring and management of power generation; speeds up the deployment of photovoltaic power stations covering various parts of the country, such as Anhui, Zhejiang and Kyung-jin-su: building smart microgrids, promoting efficient interconnection on both sides of power generation, and providing cleaner, transparent and efficient power supply.
In the first half of 2017, there was a steady increase in the reserves of the company’s smart energy capacity.