Gravity appliances: q1 non-net profit super-expected and continued improvement in profitability \triangleright power appliances (000651)
The net profit was 29.17 billion yuan, compared to 18.41 per cent, and the net profit from withholding was 27.565 billion ROA. The air conditioner grew robustly in 23 years and the end-of-service business was maintained at a high rate.
Yoon Siu Di has the highest rate of 28.15% of sales on the air-conditioning line in the year. Gale's central air-conditioning sales are over $20 billion, and for 12 years, it's the largest major sales in the central air-conditioning industry.
Household appliances: 4002 million yuan in 23 years, or 12.39%. According to the Ovi Clouds Network, 18.07% of fans, 13.10% of electric heating wire sales in 23 years are generated by industrial products, smart equipment, and green energy.
By region, business income was realized in 23 years for the company’s main business, respectively $149.64 billion, or +15.22% and 7.02%, respectively. Gravity enhanced the layout of the overseas main retail power provider platform, 23 years for the company’s circulation fans, wetters, etc.
Euro-American marazon, walmart, South-East Asia shopee, Lazada, Latin America, and other mainstream power-market platforms, have accounted for nearly 70% of corporate ownership of overseas receipts in 23 years. According to industry online, 24q1 grams of internal and external sales have performed on a similar basis over the same period of 23 years.
+14.36 per cent, +8.62 per cent, we expect a better growth in the q1-g-air conditioning business. The gross sales spread continues to improve and profitability is positive. 23 years of the company having achieved a Māori rate of 30.57 per cent, compared to +4.53 pct, of which the Māori rate for the air-conditioning business is the same.
The main reason we think is a lower dividend in the cost of raw materials than by 4.60 pct to 37.04%.
The larger decline in the rate of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, is mainly due to the ratio of corporate interest costs to 21.21 per cent, the impact of the same ratio of interest income on the combined Māori rates and cost rates, and the net return profit rate achieved by the company over 23 years, which is 14.23 per cent.
The increase in contractual and other current liabilities resulted in a decrease in the net operating cash flow of 24q1 \triangleright, mainly due to a decrease in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services.
\triangleright Profit Forecast: We're looking at Greas as a domestic power-making tap in manufacturing, channeling, management, \triangleright
Inherent advantages in R & D, companies are actively engaged in industrialization, moving to new energy sources, smart equipment Risk factors: less than expected sales of air conditioners, less than expected sales of tob operations, high prices of raw materials \triangleright
In 2015 and 2017, new wealth was created in the tp-link hardware research and development sector. In July 2020, the Union’s Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre was joined to carry out research in the home power industry.
In 2022, you joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.