Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: three-quarterly paper on seafood: improved performance loops, recovery of cash flow, as expected
A review of events: company announcement for the three-quarters of 2019, operating revenue of $14.824 billion for the first three quarters, an increase of 1.24 pct over the previous three quarters. $4.664 billion for the three-quarters, an increase of 16.83 per cent for the three-quarters; an improvement in the three-quarter press rings, a faster growth in the soy sauce for the first three quarters and a better performance of the soy sauce for the three-quarters.
Improved ring ratio. Three-quarter income + 16.83 per cent, plus 0.83 pct, total equity/flow (million shares) total market value/flow (millions)
The seafood industry (603288) reported an increase of 1.76 pct in soy sauce, which benefited from an increase of 6.32 pct from the low-value base, while the aphid oil, despite a decline of 2.43 pct, generated an income ring of $38.52 million over the second quarter alone.
The seafood industry (603288), the annual seafood industry report, shows a 16.79 per cent increase in the number of channels below the line in the three quarters of the year. The target of two or five was reached on schedule, and the new five years continue to grow steadily.
The online channel continued to slow down, dropping to 13.17% in the third quarter of the year. By region, the eastern and sea weather industry (603288) reported a strong growth momentum with a rise of 6.31 ptt and 9.63 ptt, respectively, in the north.
High performance and steady performance, and rising profitability continue to rise at a low rate of 9.54% over the same period. By combination of volume and development, the Māori rate is stable, the rate is better, interest income increases and the rate of net interest rises.
Cost pressure and changes in product structure and depreciation amortization have led to a marked decline in the Māori rate of sales starting in the second quarter. A single three-quarter analysis shows that the Māori ring is flat and the same decline is markedly narrower, proving that measures such as companies locking raw material prices in advance have had some effect.
The sales cost rate of 12.87 per cent for the three quarters alone, a decrease of 2.81 pct compared to the corresponding rate, is mainly related to the effect of scale and the related reduction in freight costs when the transit warehouse is put into use; the administrative cost rate (including R & D) of 5.27 per cent, with a slight increase in the ring comparison but a decrease of 0.66 pct. industry, remains a significant advantage compared to the same year.
The seafood industry reports three seasons: improved performance loops, cash flow recovery, as expected. In addition, interest income increased by $39 million, +89 per cent, in three quarters alone. The Māori rate is stable, the cost rate continues to improve, and interest income continues to grow.
Net cash flow in advance and operating is restored to a reasonable level, and the quality of the statements is healthy, mainly due to the relatively normal sales income of a slightly more than one month at the end of the quarter, owing to the high level of advance payments made by dealers at the end of the previous year and the normal pattern, which we judge to be around 2 billion.
In addition, in the first two quarters, in order to control the impact of cost increases, companies set prices for raw materials in the form of advance purchases, hoarding, etc., resulting in a decline of 88.31 per cent and 15.59 per cent in net cash flows of q1 and q2 on a year-on-year basis, respectively, with a significant reduction in impact by the third quarter.
Net operating cash flows are close to a reasonable level of growth of 14.29 per cent on a year-on-year basis, in line with our earlier prognosis based on indicators such as inventory, sales refunds, collection rates, etc., and report quality. Follow-up outlook: Māori rates are stable, cost rates are improving, income and profits continue to grow faster
The three-quarterly report’s improved performance loop, the recovery of cash flows, as expected, and the removal of market concerns have enhanced market confidence. At the cost end and cost end, the Māori rate is likely to be stable and likely to increase slowly, with cost rates benefiting from a sustained improvement in scale effects in the four quarters alone and next year.
At present, growth is driven by both large monolithic sauce, sauce sauce and americ oil, as well as dominant sub-line channels and regional markets, and can sustain faster growth in income and profits. The future will continue to grow as the scale continues to grow, productive capacity is fully released, and the product structure is more rational.
The continued increase in productivity, income, profits and profitability, as well as the continued expansion of the seafood industry, thanks to its distinctive advantages of branding, channels, class and size, and the continued expansion of the moat river, which benefits from the boost in concentration, the consumption-up dividend, the scale dividend, and the management of the dividends.
In the future, the company will continue to maintain robust growth, sustained release of performance, and the “3 by 5” development is expected to take into account that the company will be able to continue to grow at a faster pace in the coming two years, supported by foreign and northern capital, and that the seafood industry will report three seasons: improved performance loops, cash flow recovery, as expected.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.