Sea weather industry (603288) Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
Quite recently, through our research, we have deepened the development of the seafood industry and, in the medium and long term, the growth targets of the company's business, the maintenance of double-digit revenues and profits over the next five years, which will allow income and profits to grow consistently and faster.
In terms of market structure, there is a balanced development across the regions; in terms of product structure, the total market value/flow (millions) of soy sauce, herbium and soy sauce are all developed according to the planned objectives.
Four-quarter sales and performance developments are healthy, and it is expected to maintain the growth rate of the previous three quarters. The target is expected to be successfully achieved in 2019 as the beginning year of the 35-year plan.
Two, the broad monolithic strategy is clear, the medium- and long-term drivers are expected to continue, and the seafood industry (603288) is gradually expanding.
Soy sauce continues the idea of product structural upgrading, high-end soy sauce as an important class for companies, benefits from a drop in value-added tax at the end of a restaurant, net interest rates continue to rise, import, use technology to drive upgrading, focus on product competitiveness and consumer experience, and upgrade consumption.
Aphid oil is still in the consumer education stage, but it is used in a variety of contexts, and the market market for seafood (603288) is evaluated in the Year of Seafood:
There is a huge amount of space, taking into account the shorter production cycle, the application of a lower Maori rate to ensure acceptance, the attainment of the target of two or five years on schedule, the continuation of robust growth in the new five years, and the prospect of continued rapid growth of aphid oil as a corporate strategic monolith.
After this year's adjustment, the market strategy for the sauce, which is now over 1 billion, has been followed up by a future model of growing 300-500 million monolithic products and increasing research, development, and industrial production. The sea sky buys Dan and vinegar to fix consumers' access to productive land.
Confusion that vinegar has a large market base, but regional odours vary widely, and will continue to be bought and purchased in the future for four of the most important types of vinegar production and core technology, and as the fourth largest class of products in the company. Four monolithic development strategies are clear, medium- and long-term drivers are expected to continue, and future sea weather will continue to progress.
With scale barriers, channel advantages, and technological leadership, it is difficult to cross with other competitors, and the moat river is expected to expand. Seafood industry: robust performance, clear strategy, three or five visions.
III. Cost projections are manageable, cost rates are relatively stable, net interest rates are expected to continue to rise slightly this year, and the Māori rate is stable and cost increases are manageable, as seen in the statement for the second and third quarters. Looking ahead, raw material prices are expected to rise again next year, with companies passing through
Different procurement strategies control rising costs, and in the future decide whether to raise the price of the product directly depending on the overall cost increase. This year there has been an increase in the separation of sales prices and freight costs, which has affected some sections of the statement, both revenue and sales costs have declined, but less so.
Māori rates are stable over the long term, with costs falling with scale, and the net interest rate, the seafood industry, thanks to its outstanding brand, channel, class and size, continues to widen the moat, benefiting from the boost in concentration, the consumption dividend, the scale dividend, the management dividend, etc.
The company will continue to maintain robust growth in the future, with sustained release of performance, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to take into account the company's continued performance, faster growth and the premium premium on the flagship valuation, according to the 2020 ps for Beijing City Westside North.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.