The seafood industry (603288.sh) was reported as a result of a slight increase in the q3 acceleration ring ratio and a steady growth in the company.
The three-quarterly report released on October 29 by the seafood industry states that the company ' s net profit for the first three quarters was $3.835 billion, an increase of 22.48 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with a revenue of $14.82 billion, an increase of 16.62 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
In the year of the start of the five-year plan, the company ' s total planned operating income in 2019 was set at 19.760 billion.
The effects of the adjustment of the sauce products were highlighted by the increase in the soy sauce/sym/sale oil camps in the previous three quarters, respectively, where the most rapid increase was observed in the central and western regions, at a rate of over 20 per cent, with net increases of 283, 144, 132, 98 and 36 in the north and south, respectively.
Māori rates continue to be under pressure, and the ability to manage costs has led to higher net interest rates. Cao Lingyan, a company in the first three quarters of 19 years, was mainly responsible for rising costs of raw materials, expansion and technology improvement projects promoted by the company at the beginning of the year.
Live depreciation has a partial impact on the Māori rate, but the Māori ring ratio has been reduced by a narrow margin. The cost for the first three companies, Tienwon City Street, 69th Street, ITC, 28th floor, is 14.39 per cent during the quarterly sales, a decline of 3.62 pct over the same period.
Central Sea State, 28 San Lixi Street, Beijing, 11.59 per cent, a decrease of 2.59 pct over the same period, mainly a significant decrease in transport and promotion rates, 7th floor of the International Centre
Some of the distributors opted for a product-based approach, with a management cost rate (including R & D) of 4.38 per cent, and Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., with a 0.34 pcc decrease in comparison, reflected the higher management efficiency of the company.
Speeding up production and protecting the "3 by 5" development. With the completion of the smart 2 project \triangleright, the company's capacity is now largely saturated, and the company will begin to complete its work on the smart foundation.
The project to boost the production capacity of Jiangsu Base has accelerated the release of production and phase two of the project, has accelerated production capacity, has better responded to the market, has taken advantage of development opportunities, and has ensured the company’s “3 by 5” development. Although the current rate of growth in the spice industry has slowed down, the whole of the spice industry has experienced a gradual decline in its growth rate.
The concentration of the \triangleright industry is still relatively low, and the concentration of the industry needs to be increased, and the strong are stronger.
The Division, as an absolute leader in the taste industry, whether brand image, product quality, canal construction or fine management, is the industry pole, and future companies will use the platforms and superior resources of the sea sky to accelerate the development of multi-species, multi-species and constantly improve the structural strength of their products.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.