The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies achieved operating income of $14.824 billion in the first three quarters of the seafood industry, i.e. +16.6 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers amounted to $3.835 billion, i.e. + 22.5 per cent in the same year; eps 1.42 dollars in the first quarter of the company q3 in the same quarter.
The price of the appetizers has grown steadily, and the small ones have grown brightly: the company ' s q3 acupuncture business has generated revenues of $439.8 million, compared to +16.7 per cent, and the ring has grown faster than in the first half of the year (+14.4 per cent) and continues to consolidate the taste industry as a leader.
2691 million yuan, 830 million yuan and 504 million yuan, respectively +14.1 per cent, +18.7 per cent, and the trend from localization to nationalization and from catering to the population, which has continued to grow at a high rate of growth; flavour sauce, which returns to double digits, has produced significant product adjustments.
1. “Performance meets expectations and the vanguards continue to deepen - progress. In the long run, the company will continue to consolidate the three core categories of excellence, accelerate their growth, and accelerate their growth.
The scale of income-bearing will be accompanied by a steady increase in product diversification. Changes in product structure have led to a decline in the Māori rate and a drop in the cost over time to higher net interest rate levels: company q3 real 2. Sustained steady growth, high net interest rate innovation - Seaday
The current Māori rate of 43.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 pct over the same period, was mainly affected by the rise in the share of non-māori oil-types with a lower Māori rate, while the price pressure on raw materials, such as soybeans, eased and the decline in Māori was narrower. q3 sales and management costs (including R & D costs) were 12.9 per cent and 5.3 per cent, respectively.
The “2 by 5” round-up, with a steady and steady increase in the long line, is a decline of 2.8 pct and 0.7 pct; the decline in the sales rate is mainly due to the extra-brand influence of the company and a drop in the transport cost rate of selected distributors. Changes in combined income and cost spending,
4. Performance meets expectations and the five-year plan completes the three-quarter review of the sea weather industry in 2018, raising the level of 1.1 pct in comparison to the previous period and improving the efficiency of operations on a continuous basis.
q4 performance pressure is low, and q4 has accelerated running around fast; the firm growth trend in the first three quarters of the company has made it difficult to increase 16 per cent of total annual earnings, 20 per cent of profits, q4 earnings and profits only to increase, and q4 is expected to be difficult to fly low, and revenue profits are expected to be perfect for the long term.
It appears that companies will continue to raise their market share through strong cost management and bargaining power in the industrial chain, with sustained growth during the “3 by 5” period. Changing prices of raw materials, food safety problems, and less than expected expansion of production capacity
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment