Seafood Industries (603288.sh)
The 3q company soy sauce, oil consumption and spice sauce generated $2.69 billion, 830 million and 500 million, respectively, an increase of 14 per cent, 19 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively. The operations were well under way, with an increase of 2q and a steady increase in sauce, and the results of the re-routing showed positive results. Net cash inflows in the 3q operations rose by 2.27 billion.
We believe that the first two quarters were affected by the purchase of raw materials, that cash flows were low and were currently in normal condition, and that, on the other hand, they benefited from the expansion of the distribution network and the active use of funds by the distributors.
Further encryption has led to a faster growth in the number of distributors in the central western and northern regions. The balance of company advances at the end of 3q amounted to $1.94 billion, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period, corresponding to a net cash flow of $2.27 billion for 3q operations, a significant increase reflecting the active delivery of goods by distributors and greater certainty in the company’s subsequent performance.
On the cost side, 3q continued the trend of the first half of the year, with a 4.13 pc decrease in the company ' s combined cost, mainly due to a 2.81 pc decrease in the sales cost rate, which should benefit from some distributors choosing to produce their own product to make freight charges.
The ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a, as a taste-cooling pole for a weak cycle, we're sure of the company's ability to operate and make a profit and expect raw materials.
Price fluctuations will be reduced, Māori rates will be levelled off, and the company’s capacity is now largely saturated, and future growth in its performance will be assured as the output spread expands. Keeping the previous profit forecast and 50 times, valuations were less attractive, and “holding” investment ratings were recommended as low as possible.
This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... made by individual clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, i., or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.