Under pressure from the Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services, performance continued to exceed expectations throughout the year.
1287%; net profit of $920 million from non-repatriation, compared to $790 million in the same period last year. High performance forecast, high industry profile, higher company performance: benefits from increased demand for notebooks/desktops/TVs from home office in 2020, 5g mobile phone penetration and related infrastructure construction and the second half
The year’s recovery in the automobile industry is explained, for example, by the high profile of semiconductor manufacturing, the maintenance of production-control capacity in the second half of the year, and the improvement in the prices of traditional encapsulation products such as wire-wiring for some customers, especially in the fourth quarter. The company cannot supply Haes in the fourth quarter, but we think it is because of the high demand in the industry.
1. The three-quarterly evaluation of long power technology - financial indicators The faster-than-expected filling of order gaps is an important reason for the company ' s higher-than-expected performance, and management has demonstrated continued profitability, with high-base pressures in 2021 but projected growth is not threatened:
Multi-Purpose Innovation in a Single Quarter, 2020.8.21 after the arrival of the new management of the company through the creation of “large headquarters”, streamlining of the organizational structure and prudent expansion.
For the year 2021, we believe that the height of the sealing industry will continue, with the bb value of the world’s largest sealing plant, asmpacific, being above 1.0 for four consecutive quarters, showing a strong demand for the sealing equipment order. For long power, though, it is not possible that this will be possible.
4. The performance forecast points - performance forecasts are running out, and it is expected that Heith’s order gaps can be filled by other clients, but we expect that the unit price and gross year effects of Heith’s orders will still have to be observed.
The growth in sales of large offshore customers and the increase in the tip orders are expected to lead to continued growth in Korea's factory harvest, and therefore, due to the continuing boom in the sealing industry, we are adding to the expectation that other customers will fill the Heath orders faster than expected.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market was then averaged to produce the final rating as average market investment