Performance is expected to increase and increase, and advanced encapsulation support is expected to grow in the future.
• A high growth in corporate performance and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating The company issued an advance announcement on annual performance in 2020, which projected a net return profit of 1.230 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 1287.27 per cent over the previous year and a net profit of 920 million yuan, compared with the same period of the previous year — 793 million yuan
In the short term, due to the impact of the new crown epidemic and international geopolitics, integrated circuits can be transferred and national production replaced.
In the long run, new applications such as 5g communications, object networking, artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, car electronics, etc. will drive the integration of the circuit industry to further expand the demand for sealing capacity.
In this context, advanced containment is bound to be a future trend. The company’s advanced containment technology, plus upstream and downstream resource integration, has a high profit elasticity, and long power technology is the world’s leading sealer, focusing on key applications in the 5g communications class, high performance.
In important areas such as computing, consumption, automobiles, and industry, operations cover high/medium/low end full products, becoming the number-one largest Chinese and third largest global sealing firm. Companies are capable of covering production in a variety of areas, complementing each other with technical features and competitive advantages. Companies master a number of core technologies in the main containment area, and in advanced containment techniques.
The technology is comparable to that of the world's first Sun and Moon group, with industry leading sip, wl-Industrial Point Assessment - high-season cover, high-end containment technology such as csp, fc, ewlb, wirp, pop and 2.5/3d in the country, plus a $5 billion plus.
The company interacts with the center-hull international strategy to achieve a surrogate + the company's first cover report - the domestic seal industry to measure integrated and coordinated development.
A high profit elasticity will be achieved as a convection.