IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment.
q4 performed at a record high, exceeding expectations. q4 achieved a net profit of around 466 million in 2020, a ring growth of around 17.09%, and broke a record record of 2020 q3.
The same ratio has risen significantly: the company’s factories have continued to increase cost and operating cost controls, adjust product structures, and promote higher profitability. The multi-dimensional demand is strong, and the semiconductor industry is on a supercycle.
After receiving a short shock in the first half of the year, since the second half of 2020, there has been a strong movement. It has benefited from the multiple demands of 5g, iot, new energy cars, home economy, etc.
In 2021, as the penetration rate of 5g rises, demand for data centres rises, iot and ai are emerging long-range technologies (600584), with a record q3 performance.
Demand is good, and the world’s semiconductor will continue to grow. Snout high, the gross net interest rate is beautiful.
Long-power technology (600584), "Producer productivity security has become an important factor for semiconductor industry to be able to move up the stairs."
So, in the current supply chain system, Crystal Long-Technology (600584), has succeeded in overcoming the loss.
Plants and sealing plants have a relatively high bargaining power relative to afabless. Long-power technology, as a rebranding of sealing taps, 2020/05/05, the third largest semiconductor sealing enterprise in the world and the country, can benefit significantly from capacity utilization.
As you know, whether it's a crystal circle or a closed chain with typical capital-intensive properties, it keeps the competition going.
In order to meet the semiconductor climate of 5 g, hpc, iot, for example, the power build-up created a semiconductor, and the water levels of 2019-2021 have been historically high. Similarly, to meet the semiconductor requirements of new technologies, long-term electricity technology has been raised.
The size of the company and the competitive position of the entire industry will increase significantly as the component is put into production. The landscape, which is short-term in productivity, and long-term power technology, which is owned by core domestic and foreign customers, has a huge impact on the economy.
1) The global epidemic is more than expected; 2) Uncertainty in the Mid-American Games; 3) The implementation of fund-raising projects is less than expected; 4) The risk of higher prices for raw materials.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}It's a great view.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.