The demand for long electricity and technology orders was strong, with high performance growth of about $920 million, and the net profit that was withheld from shareholders in listed companies during the same period of the previous year - $793 million.
Performance has continued to grow, with multi-business layouts building long-term growth blueprints. The year 2020 is expected to be around the mother ' s net profit, with a significant loss. q4 quarter net profit for the mother is around $470 million, a 72 per cent increase over the same period, a 17 per cent increase over the ring; net profit for non-return for the mother is $280 million, a substantial loss over the same period, and the ring is down.
The main reasons for the significant growth in performance during the reporting period were: 1) strong demand for key international and domestic client orders and a significant increase in corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis; 2) sustained increases in cost and operating controls in factories, restructuring of products and promotion of profitability; 3) management at the board of directors
Under the leadership, the continuous strengthening of management, the improvement of the financial architecture, the active promotion of organizational changes, talent acquisition, the further strengthening of synergies among firms under the group, technological capabilities and productive layouts, among others, have resulted in a better match between market and customer demand and an effective increase in the overall profitability of the company.
Production capacity is scarce, prices are rising, and companies’ profitability will increase. To benefit from the industry’s high profile, production is tight, and the long line of moons rises in prices. According to the Business Times, the first half of the year was full of orders, with orders exceeding production capacity by over 40%, and the country’s main sealers.
We believe that the lack of productive capacity in the industry and the increase in prices will lead to a sustained increase in the profitability of the company, which, on the one hand, will be influenced more by the utilization of production capacity, and, on the other hand, will contribute directly to improved profitability.
The grant was approved by the CMB to raise funds to increase the supply of productive capacity. The company plans to raise additional capital to expand the capacity, depending on factors such as the shortage of productive capacity. According to the announcement, the CMB has approved the approval of the company’s non-public offer.
The 3.6 billion high-density integrated circuits and system-grade containment modules project, the high annual output of 10 billion pieces of communications, the standard market price of 22 January 2021, the combination of integrated circuits and modular containment projects, and the repayment of bank loans and short-term finance vouchers.
The launch of the project will further expand the capacity of the company to better meet the needs of its customers and upgrade the city.
Long Electric Technology: q1 has lost a lot of weight, sealing the tap status, which corresponds to 58, 39 and 32 times the price, and maintaining an increased rating. " Long Electric Technology (600584.sh): Trends in business performance
Unexpected integration; 5g under demand; declining industry climate; Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. qualified for portfolio investment consultancy