Internal and external repairs, clouding day, 22/01/2021: Strong demand for orders, stronger corporate governance and business synergies, high performance growth: public
Net profits grew by around 72.17 per cent over the same period, and performance grew at a high rate, largely as a result of steady growth in market expansion of companies monitoring operations, strong demand for orders from key customers, both within and outside the country, and a significant rise in corporate revenue, as well as continued increases in cost and operating cost controls and restructuring of production in companies' factories
The quality structure, which promotes increased profitability, and the continuous optimization of corporate governance, improved financial structures, enhanced synergies among firms under the group, technological capabilities and production-capacity layouts, are better aligned with the needs of the market and the customer, effectively increasing the overall profitability of the company.
The company is the leading global sealer, providing a full-flow technology solution for customers from design simulations to system-level seals, and has become China’s first and third largest global seal.
At present, there are multiple production bases around the world, and the production capacity of the production regions is perfect. With the continued increase in the utilization rate, it is expected that the advantages of the company ' s production size will be further accentuated. At the same time, the production regions complement each other, with technical features and competitive advantages, and cover the full range of low, medium and high-end seals.
Domains capable of providing a full range of containment technology services, including perforated plugs, surface fittings, area array envelopes and high-density envelopes. Companies focus on key applications in 5g communications, consumption 1, Long-Range Technology (600584), advanced.
Classes, Automobiles, etc. have advanced and industry-led containment techniques, combined signal/radio frequency sets, integrated circuit testing and resource advantages, and achieve volume production of scale and market niches.
2021-01-10. Sustainable corporate governance is optimized and performance growth dynamic energy is sufficient: companies are working with factories to boost production, optimize cost control, and enhance the continued profitability of factories such as Starcombing, while at the same time actively promoting high levels of profitability.
At present, the company’s domestic plant’s containment capacity continues to improve, with vehicle-borne and safety-related products growing in volume, while the Korean plant’s auto electronics, 5g, etc. are growing in scale, Singapore’s plant management efficiency and productivity is increasing, making a profit.
As corporate business and production line resources are consolidated, corporate profitability is expected to continue to improve, and future performance growth has been sufficiently dynamic. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has a portfolio investment advisory.