The silicon industry (688126) has accelerated the build-up of production capacity, and the large silicon-scale effect has become apparent at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Performance ratings: in the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved $790 million in revenue, 47.1 per cent more than in the same year; net return to the mother – $200 million, with a small overall loss. Demand surges boosted a large increase in revenue, and scale effects highlighted a decline in cost. In the first quarter of 2022:
1) At the end of the harvest, the company achieved revenues of $790 million, an increase of 47.1% in the same year) and at the end of the profit, the company achieved a net return to the mother - $200 million in the first quarter and a small loss in the first quarter. Of this, the company's Māori ratio increased its capacity and actively expanded its operations. The company's 300mm silicon project has completed 300,000.
In 2021, the company launched a new 5 billion yuan refinancing scheme, which will have more than 400,000 silicon units per month and 50,000 silicon silicon units per month. The company has also been active in expanding the layout of its operations: participating in the construction of the Guangzhou New Light Mask Model to achieve 40-28 nm and above.
The process is covered by the light mask production line; participation in the capital build-up of the Nanjing crystallization to be prepared for the upper semiconductor crystallized furnace; and participation in the new round of financing of the Xinhua semiconductor, the multi-crystal silicon material industry. 300 mm silicon technology continues to break through, soi fills the national technology gap.
Significant breakthroughs in corporate technology and products: 1) successful technical certification of 14 nm logic 300 mm silicon, resulting in a bulk supply of 300 mm silicon for 14 nm process nodes; 2) successful development and validation of 19nmdram with 300 mm silicon; 3) successful targeting of 64 and 128 floors
In addition, the company is developing 12 inches soi, which will further fill the gap in the technology in the country in the future. • Profit forecasting and investment advice: the company is the leader in the domestic silicon industry, and 300 mm of silicon production has reached 300,000.
A new round of expansion is under way, and the company is expected to fill the domestic technology gap in the soi silicon sector. We gave the company 22 times the market value of 74.96 billion dollars in 2022.
The silicon industry was set up in 2015 by the United States and the Industrial Investment Fund, among others, and was listed in 2020. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor silicon tablets, the first company in mainland China to model 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
The end-of-product applications include mobile communications, portable equipment, auto electron, object networking, and industrial electron. The company has now become a supplier to a number of mainstream chip manufacturing companies, including not only domestic leading crystal-crys manufacturers such as Mid-Crystal International, China Rainbow Macro, China Microelectronics, and China-Run Electronics, but also to Grovend, Engjipur, Yifa.
In 2016, companies acquired new control in Shanghai through equity transfers and replenishments, acquired 300 mm semiconductor silicon research and development capabilities, and achieved large-scale production in 2018.
In 2016, the company acquired 100% of the shares of the Finnish listed company Okmetic by means of an offer, expanding the company ' s business line to give it 200 mm or less semiconductor polishing and soi silicon development and production capacity.
In 2019, the company gained new, proud technological control through replenishment and equity transfers, continuously increasing the company’s competitiveness in 200 mm and below semiconductor extensions and soi silicon products. At present, new technology and kmetic 200mm and below silica have a combined capacity of more than 400,000 silica per month and 200 mm and below.
There are cross-cutting and complementary products among the three subsidiaries, which together form the rich semiconductor silicon product lines of the Silicon Industries Group.
The company’s main business is: 200 mm and below, and 300 mm half-conductor silicon, and 300 mm half-conductor silicon.
In 2021, the semiconductor silicon business achieved revenue of $1.42 billion, 15.8 per cent more than the same year, representing 57.6 per cent of the operating income, which contributed to the company’s main collection; and the semiconductor silicon operation of 300 mm.
Revenue from the industry was 690 million yuan, representing an increase of 117.9 per cent over the same period, and 27.9 per cent as a share of operating income, mainly as a result of the scale effect of the rapid release of productive capacity; entrusted processing operations generated $30 million, an increase of 30.3 per cent over the same period, representing a share of the revenue from the Māori structure, with a Māori ratio of 200 mm and less than half-conducted silicon in the company ' s main business in 2021.
21.5 per cent, with a slight decline of 0.28 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate for 300 mm semiconductor silicon operations was -6.2 per cent, a significant increase of 28.7 per cent over the same period last year, and the large-scale effect of the main chain of output release was highlighted and the losses were significantly reduced.
Millions of yuan, or 36.2 per cent of the same growth rate, benefited from the rapid surge in market demand, and the company’s ability to produce itself was increasing to boost revenue. At the profit end, the company’s net return to its mother was $150 million in 2021, a significant increase of 67.8 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $790 million, a significant increase of 47.1 per cent in the same year, and a net return to its mother - 0.2 per cent.
A small loss of billions. Overall, the company’s production line capacity has increased significantly, and we expect that the company’s profits will increase as the squares grow, and that it is expected to make a sustained profit in the future. □ net profit to the mother (billion yuan)
Corporate sales costs decreased by 0.5 pp from the same period last year; during the same period, corporate management costs decreased from 17.4 per cent to 9.1 per cent, and operating cash flows declined and are now net compared to higher shocks. 1) Operating cash flows: in 2017-2021, net cash flows from corporate activities fluctuated and in 2021 net cash flows from corporate operations decreased from the same period in the previous year
18.3 per cent, mainly as a result of the decrease in the amount of government grants received. As the structure of the company ' s products continues to improve and the scale effect highlights, we believe that the net operating cash flow is expected to rise thereafter. 2) The net present ratio is as follows: in 2017-2021, there was a sharp shock trend in the firm ' s net ratio to the whole, and in 2021 the net present value of the company was 2.0, indicating that the company ' s profitability was high and its customers were more sticky.
Key assumption 1: The company is the leader of the 300 mm semiconductor large silicone industry, which is accompanied by the expansion of downstream crystal mills and the need to increase, and the company’s future capacity utilization will continue to be high. At the same time that the company’s first phase of capacity is being built, we predict that the company’s monthly production capacity will reach 300,000 m/m, 500,000 m/m, 600,000 m/m over the next three years, with a small increase in the price of silicone.
Key assumption 2: The market demand for 200 mm silicon tablets is also growing rapidly, in response to rising demand in both the downstream light-voltage and new-energy cars industries. The company gradually replaces its former backward production capacity with 200 mm silicon production capacity through technology improvement projects, increasing the use of silicone tablets as production capacity progresses, and we expect to achieve an increase in semiconductor silicon operations over the next three years by 200 mm and below.
The Māori rate will remain stable at 25.9 per cent, 20.2 per cent, 16.5 per cent. The semiconductor silicon industry has a strong scale effect and a longer certification cycle, which usually takes three to five years to produce, validate and fully produce a large silicon. Given that the company’s pre-production capacity is not fully released, profits will continue to be under pressure.
Given the scarcity of large semiconductor silicon companies, we have selected only semiconductor material plates in the industry that are similar to the business model of the silicon industry, South Great Photovoltaics and Tianye, compared to an average of 18.8 times in 2022.
Two of the most important points for the future of the industry are: 1) the company is the leader of the domestic semiconductor silicon industry, with a significant technological advantage in silicon blending 300 mm, soi silicon silicon will fill the country’s technological void and scarcity is extremely high; 2) the company’s 300,000 silicon/month large 300 mm production is completed in one phase, and the second phase is actively advancing.
In terms of technology and production, the silicon industry is the absolute leader of 300 mm of the domestic semiconductor silicon, and the large domestic silicon is now the semiconductor core “crystal” link, so the company’s scarcity is extremely high, and the business at the node is in the early stages of the future.
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.