Total direct-camp channels continue to be released and annual growth targets are high - 3-quarter review report, 2020, Kuotai: 3-quarter report, 2020, operational revenue of 69,575 million in the first three quarters of 2020
In terms of products, 20,880 million yuan was collected in the third quarter of 2020, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period, mainly due to non-target and increased direct-camp investment.
In the third quarter, the number of company distributors was 2,049 with a net reduction of two, and it is expected that the re-routing of the series will be nearing completion.
The Aoyang Woo Swords company had a Māori rate of 91.33 per cent in the first three quarters, a decline of 0.16 percentage points in the previous three quarters, and the net interest rate for the last three quarters was that the price of the recent huts remained stable at $2,800, the price of the huts remained strong and the end demand was still strong.
On the supply side, the Group ' s production quality conference on October 15 set a target for next year ' s supply growth of 50.2 million tons, a modest 1.0 per cent increase. In terms of volume, the overall supply and demand of the huts has not changed significantly, and the overall average price is expected to be stable in the future as the channel structure and product structure improves.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, a company that maintains an "additional" rating at 28 Peace Rixie Street, in Beijing's West Side.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.