High-level event review, December 22nd, 2020.
On December 21st, following the annual meeting of the two major distributors of the 12th and the 12th and the 16th.
The National Association of Dealers is held at the headquarters of Maotai, which is based on the belief in food beverages: 1) the company successfully completed its 13th Five-Year Plan in 2020 to win both control and business development; 2) the current work is focused on price stabilization and ensuring that it is open in a quarter, and is expected to be successfully achieved in the context of low pipeline stocks and high supply and demand; 3) the year 2020 will be the year of Maotai.
The year of infrastructure, which was also the year of the 13th-year-olds, the company as a whole has grown steadily, starting in 2021 with a new period of 14th-year development, which will lead to high-quality development on the basis of continued deepening of the reform of the channel system and restructuring of products. 4) Investment proposals: short-term firms open in one quarter, with high-quality development expected in the first year of the 14th year of the 2021 season.
Security mats, product and channel restructuring and alcohol expansion will be maintained at a high price in the medium to long term, and high performance certainty will be accompanied by a valuation premium. Continuing the two-fold victory in 2020 to capture control of the epidemic and enterprise development, the successful completion of the 13th Five-Five-Five.
Control and control ensured a successful resumption of production on February 13, with the achievement of 50,000 tons of the year-round production of Mautai wine. It also provided an effective supply-back market, achieved business performance, turned back, answered the “satisfactory roll” of the market, and successfully facilitated the successful closing of the Group’s 13th Five-Year Plan. In 2020, the company’s main harvest was concentrated on four areas: a more structured market layout, a non-balanced concentration of investments, an increase in self-employment points, expansion of end-use channels, and so forth, promoting market stability and price stability.
Marketing services have become more warmer; third, reforms have been made to develop more productively, optimize institutional mechanisms, clean up illegal and disciplinary dealers, and promote orderly clean-up of associated companies; and, at the same time, strict implementation of corrective requirements, comprehensive screening of specialized, special and customized products, and the promotion of a shift in the ownership and management of poo brands; and fourth, a greater sense of common purpose, with the creation of cultural brands such as the 100-year-old shop heirs' “Purcour Festivals”, which have led to the self-introduction of distributors, the promotion and practice of culture.
The current focus on ensuring a “open door red” in the first quarter of the month was also highlighted by the Chairman of the Maotai Group at the sorority meeting, which highlighted the current priorities: first, regularization of the price-fixing market; second, good marketing on New Year's Day, spring festivals, accurate service to good consumers, and ensuring a “open door red” in the first quarter.
At the same time, based on research from sources, the current spring New Year’s reserve period is now well under way, with high end demand, while the company has previously increased its supply and plans to sell 4160 tons of fly-up wine in direct distribution channels over the past four quarters. We believe that, with the current low stock of channels, the end-use is gradually improving, and the supply and demand of pots is high, the company’s opening of a quarter is likely to be successful.
At the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan in 2021, the company will focus on the strategic objective of “Fighting Mao-Tai into the top 500 enterprises of the world in the province” and insist on high-quality development requiring the implementation of the whole process of production management and marketing. As the start-up year of the 14th Five-Year Plan, Goi-dong also introduced new requirements for the marketing of the 2021 Maun-Tai wine:
A firm and stable approach to development, based on sound foundations, quality, policies, market stability, price stability, and development; a strong effort to combine efficiency gains, to adapt to market trends, multi-channel advantages and complementarities, to optimize brand effectiveness, and to achieve a higher level of dynamic balance between supply and demand; a culture and service innovation, to build bridges with the general public, and to foster faithful fans to gain wider value recognition. At the same time, in terms of implementation of specific work, companies will be engaged in 2021.
Continue to deepen the structural reform of the channels and actively promote the commercial super-power channel as an important component of accurate marketing, stable market prices, balanced supply and demand, while seriously correcting and dealing with market-disturbing behaviour such as “high prices, high prices” and accelerating anti-yellow system research and development, and strengthening joint anti-coalition controls; and providing advice and precision marketing for investment, adjusting and optimizing the marketing of products such as raws, fines and antiquities, continuously supporting strong management and branding of total sales and ensuring that pony brands remain strong market leaders at all times.
We believe that the year 2020 is the year of the construction of the Maoist infrastructure and the year of the 13th Five-Year Resignee, that the company as a whole has grown steadily, that the new phase of the company’s development, which began in 2021, will lead to high-quality development on the basis of continued deepening of the reform of the channel system and restructuring of the products. Short-term companies will open their doors in the first quarter of the year, with high-quality development in the first year of the 14th and 5th year of the year being expected.
The analysis is based on one's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and fair.