The main lines of the camp are up and running, and the pottery is up and running.
• Strong demand for products, strong performance growth and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating The company achieved revenues of $69,580 million in the first three quarters of the year, i.e. +9.6 per cent of the year, net return to the mother of $33,830 million, i.e. +11 per cent of the year;
Increasing space and income growth is certain. Because of the size of the donor spending, the profit forecast before we cut it down, the trend towards a steady increase in the revenue from the lyceum channel has continued, with a steady increase in three quarters, a 20.880 billion yuan increase in the revenue from the q3 balconies in 2020, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the previous three quarters.
In the same period in 2019, the increase in tonnage contributed more to income growth. The direct channel actually generated $3.28 billion, an increase of 118 per cent over the same period. In 2020, the direct route was being built and the direct-account ratio continued to rise. The series reached $2.35 billion, a decrease of 1.4 per cent, and was in production in 2020.
The structural and distribution structure is optimized, with a slight delay in overall revenue collection. For the year 2021, a series of readjustments may return to the growth track, and the poo-barrell rate may continue its steady growth trend. • The advance collection is not volatile and cash flow is performing well.
At the end of the third quarter, the corporate contract liability was $9.41 billion, and the ring was down by $50 million by the end of the second quarter, a slight change. The sale of commodities received $24.9 billion in cash, roughly matching the income, the net cash flow was $12.49 billion, the same growth – the Māori rate and the rate of the period was stable, and the increase in the turnover tax ratio led to a slight decrease in net interest rates.
The company update report - direct release on schedule, with the 2020q3 Māori rate increasing by 0.2 pct over the same period, with higher production costs, such as under-epidemiological packages, and freight costs adjusted from sales to cost subjects, leading to a significant increase in tonnage prices.
The corporate update report - a quarterly report is on the rise, a decline of 0.83 pct compared to the previous year, mainly due to an increase in interest income on commercial bank deposits.