The reason for the report is that the three-quarters reviews showed a steady increase in performance and the direct camp ratio continued to rise.
Three-quarterly newspapers were published in Maotai, Guizhou, with a net profit of $33.827 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 11.07 per cent in the previous quarter;
\triangleright returns 11.25 billion yuan, an increase of 6.87% over the previous three quarters. The profits from income have increased by “double digits” in the first three quarters, in line with the annual target for the year.
60,145 million yuan, an increase of 11.73 per cent over the same period; 7 billion yuan, a decrease of 0.5 per cent over the same period, mainly in order to further optimize the distribution of the network and enhance the overall strength of the distributors, the company has made adjustments to some of the wine dealers in the sauce series and increased the number of wine dealers in the sauce series during the reporting period.
Fourteen, 301 wine distributors with reduced sauce series. 2) Sub-channels show that the company earned $8,433 million in direct sales in the first three quarters, an increase of 172 per cent, or 12.55 per cent, in comparison with the previous three quarters, and the ring increases.
53.34 per cent, an increase of 0.15 pct over the same period, specifically: 1) Mäoriization of sales in the first three quarters of 2020 and adjustment of transport costs to main camp operating costs in accordance with new revenue guidelines; 2) 1.57 pcc less in the first three quarters of 2020 than in the first quarter of 2020, mainly affected by the epidemic, reduced costs and root costs of input to the market
Adjustment of transport costs to main battalion operating costs in accordance with the new income guidelines; 6.59 per cent management cost, a decrease of 0.03 pct from the same year; -0.22 per cent financial cost, a decrease of 0.22 pc from the same year, mainly on the 28th floor of ITC building a, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
Interest income on bank deposits increased. 20q3 was well sold and cash was received for sales.
In the early years of the firm-up and re-starting of the Sansai Stock Company, the business target was about 10% higher than last year's gross operating income. Since the third quarter, prices have risen rapidly to around $2,800.
The demand for field feedback is strong. Thus, the high demand for the low-gate price test also allows future prices to be expected. After strong prices, short-term supply and demand gaps remain large, and future owners are expected to reach year-round targets through the use, product upgrading, and increased direct-camp access.
The company’s performance slowed down in the third quarter, mainly because of the fall in the series of liquors, but it still grew by more than 10%. In the short term, the current stock of prices is strong and consumption needs to be highlighted, and the year-round target is expected to be met. In the medium and long term, we believe that the low quality and high channel are scarce.
Food safety risks, macroeconomic downside risks leading to a significant drop in the price of high-end alcohol, and the attitude towards the onset of the epidemic. This report clearly and objectively reflects my research. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.