Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) smooth development of fragrance plates and new material plates in the first half of the year, short-term pressure on vitamin operations, steady development of fine fragrance plates and new material plates in the first half of the year, increase in sales of protein amino acid, price of products
Corporate prices are stable compared to 300 deep, with sales prices for vitamin-type major products falling from the same period in the previous year, and sales falling from the same period in the previous year.
84.62 per cent, mainly as a result of exchange rate gains from exchange fluctuations. Short-term pressure on vitamin prices in the first half of the year, with reduced European production capacity combined with downstream demand warming expected to improve. Domestic vitamin prices held hostage to weak demand in the main downstream feed market in the first half of 2022
The shutdown of the gas pipeline has led to an increase in the price of natural gas and an increase in the temperature of extreme weather effects. On the Chinese side, several vitamin manufacturers in the country have concentrated on shutdowns, and the start rate has dropped significantly in July, with multiple factors leading to a current global shortage of vitamin supplies, while stocks accumulated in the first half of the year are being depleted.
Low: In the medium-to-long term, the ongoing fermentation of the Russian-Turkish war will have an impact on European gas prices, which are “complex” and global vitamins will remain supply-strapped for a long period of time, rising by about 35.38 per cent, businesses will lose their profits, and feed needs are expected to warm in the second half of the year.
It is expected to lead to a synchronized increase in demand, such as vitamins, and it is expected that in the second half of the year, the profits from vitamin plates will be modified.
Tons/year vitamins b6, 3,000 tons/year b12 are normally produced, sold; 30,000 tons/year sulfonic acid project is built on schedule.
Project approval process is proceeding in an orderly manner. The raw material plate, 500-tonne/year nitrogen ring project, has been tested and marketed, has been developed and is in the process of technological improvement of the upgrading process. The company relies on a deep and sophisticated chemical base that focuses on “chemical +” “biological +” and is capable of docking products.
Basic chemical materials extend to the production of functional chemicals such as special intermediates, nutrients, fragrances, high molecules, new materials, raw materials, etc., while continuously optimizing the deep product matrix, thereby enhancing the company ' s overall competitiveness and strengthening its industrial position.
(2) Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: (3) build-up of production capacity below expectations: (4) exchange rate and trade risk.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.