New Synth (002001): New projects are being built in an orderly manner and product systems are being enriched.
The semi-annual report for 2022 was published: $8.215 billion in operating income, yoy + 11.92 per cent, and Zhejiang Shin and Cheng Seng Ltd. was founded in 1999 with a net profit of $2,214 million, yoy-8.78 per cent.
A listed company. The company is highly focused on fine chemical synthesis, the fall in vitamin prices and the increase in the prices of some raw materials, which are delaying performance growth. (1) The traditional business price holds. The accumulation of technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobics.
In terms of nutrients, $5,769 million, an increase of 4.81 per cent over the same period, the traditional nutrient business sector, which is linked to organic synthesis, has succeeded in expanding its operations to the fields of vitamins, spices, new materials, egg amino acid.
The nutrients of the Division consist mainly of va, ve, vc, pygmino acid, vd3, bio-, auxiliary q10, radishin, etc., which is currently the world ' s four largest vitamin producers. The prices of major vitamin products such as va, vc, vd3 and bio-ingens declined significantly in the first half of the year.
First, it has developed into an influential flavour company, adding to factors such as higher prices for some raw materials and higher freight costs, which have led to a decline in the company ' s Māori ratio. (2) New industries, competitively competitive producers of ecstasy and prospects
In the case of fragrances, 1.52 billion yuan was collected, an increase of 31.17 per cent over the same period, the Māori rate rose by 5.65 percentage points to 49.83 per cent, mainly due to the volume of products. In the case of new materials, $553 million was collected, an increase of 32.06 per cent over the same period.
The continued construction and orderly release of new capacity will help the company to enrich its product system. The company is working on more projects to develop a variety of functional chemicals on two core chemical and biological platforms.
Total equity/currenta share (millions) b12 Normal production, sale; 30,000 tonnes/year sulfonic acid project built on schedule. 2 fragrance plate, 5,000 tonnes/year mintol project built on schedule. 3 new material plate, 7,000 tonnes/year pps3
The test vehicle started and went well; the Xinjiang project is in the middle phase and the approval process for the project is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Adjustments, transformations, upgrades, and specific projects are in the process of approval. We expect that the construction and delivery of these ongoing projects will help to enrich the company ' s product system further, from vitamin operations to fragrance, spices, raw materials, food additives, bioferment products, and contribute to downstream feed,
The division has gradually grown into a cluster of finers. From the pharmaceutical center, the company has successfully expanded its operations to the point where it has been able to make a difference.
The company is currently one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world and has developed into an influential spice company with a competitive edge on eggs (s14805110002).
Companies have a deep understanding of fine chemical synthesis, and the driving force for sustained growth lies in the integration of the industrial chain and product clustering. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies move from vitamin to fine-chemicals.
The project builds a rich product system. We maintain a profit forecast for the company for 2022-2024, i.e., the source of financial growth in the East, new and productive (002001): new projects are being built in an orderly manner, and the product system is becoming richer.
Liu Woo-Chou has worked in the chemical industry since September. He has been in the research department of China-King Corporation. He has received a number of honours since joining the Eung Heung securities, including water in 2017.
The researcher’s own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new projects (002001) are being built in an orderly manner and that the product system is becoming more productive.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.