Large banks have improved profitability, improved revenue management, and big banks have increased their net profits on a year-on-year basis in 2020 compared to the previous three quarters; and four quarters have been added.
Quick risk clean-up, poor stock pressure. The company is working to build a first-class wealth management bank, to manage money, to improve profitability, to manage revenue, to raise revenue four quarters faster, and to reduce interest differentials in 2020 is expected to be better than average.
Large banks have improved their business performance in the four quarters, generating year-round revenue, net profits and higher-than-year growth rates, respectively, showing a better performance than in the first three years. In terms of scale expansion, asset size in the four quarters has been more effective than in the management of the four quarters.
After that, sound monetary policy will help to increase the rate of return on emerging assets, and corporate interest differentials are expected to be stable. Create a leading wealth-management bank, with higher revenue from financial processing costs.
The transformation of wealth management and the creation of a first-class wealth management bank. In 2020, big banks managed the same rate of income growth of 297%, and the bright performance of fiscal revenue reflected a shift in corporate wealth management. We believe that big banks compete for wealth management markets with group synergies.
The potential wealth management community within the Mission is rich in resources and has a large business space for wealth management; and the group finance plate is fully licensed to provide integrated financial services to clients and to enhance the stickyness of the group.
Four quarters of Big Light banks increased their asset clean-up efforts, with a 15bp to 79.8 per cent increase in corporate bad-rate lending at the end of the four-quarters compared to the end of the two-quarters as compared to loans at the end of the two-month period.
Risk exposures are associated, followed by attention to adverse generation. In the event of an increase in poor stock disposal, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.’s economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls are more than expected.
The Grand Bank publishes its annual report for 2020, with a positive return of 1.26 per cent (the previous three quarters - 5.71 per cent). The operating income is +7.28 per cent, the net interest difference is 2.29 per cent (-2bp, yoy), the net interest income + 8.61 per cent, and the net fee income + 4.98 per cent. The cost income + 26.38 per cent.
The four-quarter improvement in the performance of large banks, which led to a year-round rise in revenue, net profit and a year-on-year increase over the previous three quarters, a 6.68, 6.97 quarter-on-year expansion and a quarter-on-year spread, respectively, showed a positive performance. At the rate of scale expansion, the four-quarter asset size was relatively stable compared to the narrow harvest, largely as a result of lower market interest rates and a slowdown in debt-end cost pressures.
It is estimated that the four-quarter single-season interest spread was 8bp larger than the three-quarters, with asset end-of-end return greater (8bp) than the liability end-of-service rate higher (+3bp). In conjunction with the performance of interest-bearing asset yields disclosed in the semi-annual and annual reports, we believe that the four-quarter end-of-life rate of return is up or higher than the loan share in the average-of-day interest asset and the marginal increase in asset yield.
Quarters vary, with four quarters of the round-up of the cost of the end-of-debt ratio 3bp, which is expected to be influenced by changes in the structure of the liability and upturns in market interest rates. Looking ahead, the upward trend in the end-of-debt rate is expected to continue in 2021, but sound monetary policy in the aftermath of the epidemic will contribute to upturns in the yield of newly released assets, with firm interest differentials expected to stabilize.
Despite a 14% decline in bank card charges in 2020 as a result of the epidemic, the increase of 297% in the same-year revenue from the management of the treasury still drives the increase in the company ' s fees to 4.98%.
The company promotes wealth management in terms of marketing capacity, asset allocation capacity, landscape innovation, and investment advisory capacity, and is committed to building a first-class wealth management bank. According to the annual reports that have been published, “rich management” has been given higher priority, and we believe that large banks have group synergies, that potential wealth management clients within the group are rich in resources and that there is much space for wealth management operations;
And the group’s financial plates are adequate to provide integrated financial services to clients and to improve customer stickyness. In terms of other fees and fees, recognized slogans also contribute to the development of agency and hosting operations.
Large banks increased their efforts to clear bad assets in the fourth quarter of 2020, with a decline of 15 bp to 1.38% at the end of the fourth quarter compared to the end of the third quarter; loan types of concern decreased by 2.19% compared to 2.15% at the end of the second half of the year.
Concerned about adverse generation. With an increased level of poor stock disposal, the 4-quarter end-of-season provision coverage ring increased by 65 bp from the end of the 3rd quarter to the 4th quarter of the year 2020, with a year-on-year recovery and net profit on a year-on-year basis higher than the previous three quarters. The company accelerated exposure and disposal of adverse risk during the 4th quarter, with a marked decline in the negative book rate over the 3rd quarter, reducing the pressure on the quality of stock assets and bringing about a provision.
The company is committed to building a first-class wealth bank, managing revenue in 2020, and we believe that, with a conglomerate advantage and a multi-platform large bank, revenue from wealth management is expected to continue to grow in 2021. We maintain the company’s bottom-up position of 2021/2022 that leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks are highly relevant to corporate business development and economic development.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.