The launch of the Equity Incentives Program, which establishes medium- and long-term growth goals, and the research of the company.
Corporate bulletin: The company intends to grant a total of 1,018 equity options through the Equity Incentives Scheme, amounting to 1,081.34 million shares, with a national e-view for stock options: 1) the integrated circuit industry has a technology-intensive, capital-intensive and knowledge-based workforce-intensive feature. As a leading domestic repository of chip and mcu chip designs, the company has a greater reliance on good management, skilled personnel, and equity incentives cover 65% of the company’s workforce.
2) The stock options incentive plan identifies medium- and long-term performance targets of 65 per cent of the workforce with business incentives for 2018-2020, and a solid core talent base for the medium- and long-term development of the company. On 4 July, the company released a draft stock options incentive plan for 2023, which provides an incentive for 10.8134 million shares.
The target types of shares are RMBa, which accounts for about 1.62% of the company’s total stock stock, and stock options are granted on a one-time basis, with no reserved interest. The total number of incentives to be awarded under this incentive scheme is 1,018, including company managers, core and cadres who were employed in the company or its controlling subsidiary at the time of the company’s announcement of the incentive plan.
The company is a chip-design company with a technology-intensive, capital-intensive and knowledge-intensive workforce. Through sustained investment in research and development, technological innovation and leadership are maintained to stabilize product performance and reliability.
The establishment of medium- and long-term performance growth targets highlights the firm’s confidence in doing business. Annual performance targets are no lower than historical equity incentive targets, and corporate revenues continue to grow over the long term.
The semiconductor sector is recovering, with high-intensity and sustained R & D inputs expected to kick-start a new round of growth. In 2022, corporate R & D inputs totalled $1.03 billion, accounting for 12.7 per cent of total R & D inputs, of which 930 million yuan was spent on R & D at a cost of 9.5 per cent. Companies are constantly enriching their product lines, targeting high-quality customers, such as domestic and foreign carriers and industrial controls at the same time, advancing the new process mix of noorflash, 38 nmslnand Car Codes.
The opening of the field, producing high-performance industrial-level mcu, including m7 products, promoting the promotion of a car-class mcu market, and continuing the development of asil-d grade mcu products, as well as ongoing simulation of the market openings. Downstream demand is less than expected; new products are not being developed as expected; international relations are deteriorating, etc.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject