Half-yearly, 2023: Growth in the yield ring ratio, growth in the consumption of q2 camps, growth in the output of multiple markets, such as industry, automobiles, improvement in the q2 bank round ratio of Mäori
The weak demand for expensive electronics and less than expected demand in industrial markets led to a sharp fall in corporate business earnings in the first half of the year, and continued pressure on the Māori rate. While aggregate prices are at the bottom, firms rely on product advantages to expand their market share, increasing their output in automobiles, consumption, and net access markets on an equal basis, h1
Operating income of 2,966 million yuan, i.e. 37.97 per cent of the same year; net return to the mother of 336 million yuan, i.e., increase in the volume of merchandise in the compute, industry, automobile etc. market, improvement in operating income in the single quarter. Companies recorded 100 million dollars, i.e. 77.90 per cent of the same year/ring +23.87 per cent; and single quarter Māori rate of 29.45 per cent, i.e. 19.94pct/
Liu Mu Nok storage: monthly rolls in the first half of the year increased, and noorflash’s head was strong. The company’s flash products grew monthly rings in the first half of the year. (1) Noorflash: male
The Division continued to maintain its third-largest position in the world, providing separate reports on the demand for different applications, 2022 and the first quarter of 2023: storage, cycle performance, diversification of industries, automobiles, etc.
Large capacity, high performance, high reliability, high safety, low power consumption, low voltage, small encapsulation, etc.
Regulations gd25/55spinorflash and gd5fulandflash have been widely used, for example, in smart pods, smart drivers, smart network networks, new energy electric vehicles, size 3 systems, etc. (2) Xinlin Air Securities Ltd.
Nandflash: Capacity covers 1 gb~8gb, and spinandflash has achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, telecommunications, automobile electronics, etc. (3) dram: the market expansion of the brand dram was evident in the first half of the year, and ddr3l2gb, 4gb shipments continued to increase.
In addition, the new product is moving at the R&D pace, covering essentially the application areas of network, tv and the mainstream client base, ddr48gb capacity.
A product series, more than 500 articles. The company’s inner core covers armécortex-m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7. It is also the first global launch and volume production of 32 mcu-based products based on the risc-v inner core. From the consumer market to the car market, the industry has become a company.
During the reporting period, the company's gd32a503 series of kernels, the gd32h series of ultra-high performance microcontrols. The car's mcu product was pushed in September 2022.
Since then, a cooperative Etek body control area, a monitoring system of technical pressure on the land have been successfully developed with the country’s head Tier 1 platform, while, in collaboration with several international head companies, products have been used in bulk by car manufacturers such as Chi Ri, Idea, Changan, Wall, Jili, Upload, Hiro, Biadi, Ulai, etc.
Chief: Sixteen years of work in the electronics and communications industry, in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, and Fauscan, many international branding terminals, working in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc., have served in China as Director General of the Procurement of Terminal Semiconductor Chips, Director of Supply Chains at Ali Baba A. Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor and hard technology; two, smart cars and robots; and three, new sources of energy.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.