The long-term growth of equity incentives q2 improved profit-end margin ratios. In the first half of 2023, the consumer electronics market as a whole showed low performance and industrial market demand against the backdrop of the global economic climate and the downwards of the business cycle.
The overall decline in market demand was less than expected, and the prices of product sales were stressed, so the company ' s ring ratio improved, with a net return profit of about 190 million yuan in the first quarter of q2, a net return profit of + 26.55 per cent in the ring, a net profit of about 149 million yuan in the non-return to the mother, and a net profit of +14.49 per cent in the ring.
Continue to improve product layouts and respond positively to market changes. 1) Noorflash: According to the web-feetresearch report, the company grew to 20% in 2022, and the market ranked third in the world.
The plastic wrapping product and the gd25uf series 1.2v low voltage super-low power consumption spinorflash (billion shares) 6.67/6.64 product. 2) slcnandflash: company nandflash product 38nm, 24nm process
Total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) 783/779 nodes achieve volume production and complete full coverage of 1 gb-8gb mainstream capacity.
The Sgd5f full series of products, through aec-q100 vehicle certifications, has achieved a comprehensive layout of the product from spinor flash to spinandflash. 3) Dram: the company's high-level cut-in to the dram repository key market, continuously enriching the self-researched dram product mix and has been able to develop a new product mix.
Jo-Iming introduces ddr4 and ddr3l products, balancing industrial and car market applications with consumer-type market demand.) mcu: according to omdia, the company market ranking for 2021
To achieve full coverage of the mainstream application market, the eighth largest company in the world is the 32-bit Chinese brand-ranked generic mccu product. In 2022, the company produced a total of gd32w515 series of w-fi products and published the gd32a503 series of car-grade mccu products.
And long-term strategic cooperation has been established with a number of leading Tier1 suppliers in the industry and with the entire factory. 5) Sensor business: the company is the second-largest supplier of fingerprint sensors in China.
On 4th day, the company released a stock options incentive scheme for 2023, to be awarded to 1081 incentive recipients.
The Division attracts and retains excellence, fully motivates and ensures the long-term stability of corporate managers, core and cadres. Downstream demand has not recovered as expected; new products have not been developed as expected; and market competition has increased.
▪ Profit forecasts and financial indicators, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.