q2 performance loop improvement is more than expected, with a recovery expected in the second half of the year: a trillion-percent innovation (603986.sh) company event assessment report:  semiconductor industry is in a downward cycle and market demand is insufficient to generate public demand.
The overall performance of the fee-for-e-commerce market is low, the industry is in a downward cycle, the demand in the industrial market falls short of expectations, the overall decline in demand in downstream markets is evident, competition between markets is intense, leading to pressure on the prices of corporate product sales, and collection and Maori rates are higher than in the same period last year.
The South Asia Section reports that the industry is at the bottom of the last quarter and that demand will gradually improve in the second half of the year and return to stability in q4.
190 million yuan, ring + 26.55%, is significantly repaired compared to q1, and the second half of the year's harvest and profits are expected to improve further. With the warming of downstream markets and the continued digestion of stocks, companies, as leaders in the domestic storage market, are expected to do so.
Reconciling, continuous upgrading + product diversification 2, MIG (603986): q3 performance coordinated development of multi-product lines, corporate as industry leader market prospects
Short-term pressure, car-borne mcu progress, 3, M.O.I. (603986): In the first half of the year, according to the company ' s annual report 2022, companies are ranked globally in the area of storage products.
By 2022, the company’s share of the product market had risen to 20%, the third largest in the world, and the company’s share of the industry and automobile industry had been the largest in the world.
Capacity covers 512 kb to 2gb and achieves 55nm process nodes in total volume of products; in the area of dram products, the global niche dram market was about $9 billion in 2021, and companies introduced ddr4 and ddr3l products.
To meet consumer-type market demand while balancing industrial and automobile market applications; to be ranked eighth in the world in 2021, and to show the momentum to become the 32nd most important supplier of the Chinese brand.
Commercial, the company ' s gd32mcu product has successfully produced 38 large product series, exceeding 450 mcu products; the company ' s car code mcu provides 4 types of encapsulation of 10 models for market selection, and the company has published and nuclecized in the research of the mcu product
(b) At present, the company's products cover 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm, 40 nm,
The 22nm process is leading the industry. In addition, the company is the second largest supplier of fingerprint sensors in China.
Under pressure, but the storage industry will either be at the point where the company’s q2 performance ring will grow, and in conjunction with the expectation of a recovery in market demand, the company’s performance as the industry’s leader in the second half of the year is expected to recover one step forward, thus rating the “buy-in” investment.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok with four years of experience, reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.