The 2023q2 ring performance was over-expected, the diversity of the layout helped to be robust – the event review report of the company (603986.sh) was released on August 25th, 2023, the semi-annual report of the company in the first half of 2023.
Annual revenue of $2,966 million, a 37.97 per cent decline over the same period; net return profit achieved iuzy@cfsc.com.cn semiconductor industry, with 2023q2 ring overperforms
The semiconductor sector has a weak overall climate, consumer electronics markets have a weak overall performance, and the industry is still in a de-stocking cycle. It is calculated that, in the second quarter of 2023, companies increased their market share in many areas, highlighting strong product power.
(1) In the area of flash products, the company continues to maintain its technological and market leadership, having achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobiles and electronics, equal volume and ring growth in the areas of automobiles, connectivity, etc.;
Foreign markets have grown steadily, with the city of Serialnorflash growing by 20% to the third largest market in the world in 2022, after Chinese electronics and magnanimous electronics.
(2) in the product area of mcu, the company introduced China's first account based on the over-expected improvement of the ring, with the expected arrival of the gd32h series of cortex-m7 in the second half of the year, which is widely available
Recover 2023-07-15 in a variety of traditional applications, also applied to a number of things, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence,2 M.O.I. (603986): Performance ring
High-end innovation scenes; growth in corporate output in the consumer sector, driving a stable mcu comparison with continuous upgrading + product diversification + hundreds of millions. (3) Sensor products, despite weak market demand for mobile phones
3 “Migile Innovation (603986): q3 Performance Soft, company sensor products still have the same growth in cellular market output, hands short-term pressure, car-borne mcu progress”
A quarterly round-up of about 60 per cent of the output of the air market has been achieved, and product lines have been continuously improved, with diversified layouts contributing to robust operations. (1) The company has multiple product line layouts in three major business areas: storage
The product series is divided according to market demand, with spinandflash achieving full product cover in consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.; mcu products cover a variety of processes such as 110 nm, 55nm, 40nm, 22nm, etc.
The sensor operations include touch chips and fingerprint recognition chips, which become mainstream programmers in the mobile terminal market.
New applications, moving from consumer markets to industry, automobile markets, working with a number of international head companies, have been used in bulk for car manufacturers such as Chirre, Ideas, Chang An, Wall, Jili, Up-air, Hiro, Biadei, Wei, etc. (3).
The company continues to grow deeper into its domestic market, while at the same time actively developing overseas markets, continuously building diversified supply chains, integrating high-quality resources from within and outside the country, and upgrading them to be affected by the subconductor industry climate, and we lower the company ' s profit forecast.
The “buy-in” investment rating is maintained because of the continuing upgrading of product structures and prospects in the lead-up to national production trends in the storage, mcu sector. The downstream demand climate is recovering less than expected; the company’s capacity is underutilized;
New product R & D process is less than expected; clients are less advanced than expected.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities investment, held in Goyonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, then in China, Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master of Arts, National University of Australia, worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.