The company's basics have improved since 20 years, with the expected addition of a new shareholder, a new governor, and the arrival and completion of the new president.
Reform of the career manager system, poor stock clean-up, and the factors that were used to suppress company valuations have dissipated. In the future, as companies implement the “1+3” action plan for physical transformation, the Great Retail Strategy 2.0 reforms and transactions, Cao Xuant.
The bank strategy, which we believe will lead to improvements in the corporate lending structure, will lead to the depositing of customer settlement funds, with a recovery in the rate of interest spreads. In addition, the company’s asset recovery rate is outstanding, and the issue of debt financing instruments is ranked first in Jiangsu for the third year in a row, and is expected to lead to a rapid increase in revenue.
The company's plan to increase the number of new shareholders was approved in April 2020, and this plan introduced heavy-weight shareholders such as Jiangsu Tong, Chinese tobacco, etc., thereby increasing access and imagination for business expansion.
In July 2020, Mr. Lin was approved to become Governor of the Bank of Nanjing. At the same time, the company launched a system of career managers, and seven vice-presidents of career managers were enriched to the head office.
The management team successfully completed the pilot job manager reform exercise, and the new management formation was completed. Quality of assets improved. Since 2018, the company's assets in the shadow of default by Raining, Trite and Richter Group have been fully written off, with less impact on the status of subsequent operations.
The company initiated a large retail strategy 2.0 reform, whereby individual housing loans are driven in parallel with consumer loans, relying on the “product + service” dual system to enable them to continue their large retail operations. There is scope for the growth of individual housing loans, and corporate mortgage loans account for the share of loans and advances disbursed.
Consumer lending will be an important part of the company’s revenue collection, with the company participating in Suning’s Consumer Finance Company Limited in September 2020, holding 15% of the shares. Consumer Finance Corporation, a nationalized license plate, can expand its operations throughout the country.
There is an increase in the profitability of wealth management. Corporate returns on property have been remarkable, and the demand for wealth management is high in Jiangsu province.
The company’s strategic planning for public operations is clear, creating a clear financial brand advantage. The corporate-trading banking strategy is well-developed, with a strong focus on cash management and supply chain finance.
The Division’s efforts to advance the “single manufacturing” and “1+3” action plans continue to strengthen financial services support for advanced manufacturing, strategic and emerging-sector customers, and micro-clients. The branding of corporate science and technology cultural and financial niches is evident, and remains at more than half the market share in Nanjing.
For the third year in a row, the issue of corporate debt financing instruments was ranked first in Jiangsu province, and the market position in the immediate business sector was further consolidated.
The Bank of Nanjing was established in 1996 on the basis of 39 former urban credit unions and credit unions in Nanjing. In August 2007, the Bank of Nanjing raised $6,714 million to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Department's strategic vision is “to be a top-notch financial service provider in small and medium-sized banks.”
Based on the two main themes of customer and technology, which are driven by the three main lines of corporate finance, retail finance, and financial markets, there are four main features of the industrial sector: the corporate, the corporate, the monetary, the retail, the financial market, and the financial market.
Subsidiaries, Jiangsu King's Rent, Sunning's Expensives, Sunshine Bank, and the 4 Associated Companies of the Yuzhmorgeologiya Bank. 1.1 Increases in the number of heavy-weight shareholders. The Nanjing Bank's equity structure is fragmented, there are no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, and the shareholders are dominated by the state capital background, and
The introduction of BNP Paribas as a strategic investor and the diversification of the equity structure have added dynamism to the growth of the company ' s operations.