Deutsche Bank
Research
Rating
Date
Company
CATL
Buy
Initiation of Coverage
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Resources
300750.SZ
300750 CH
SHZ
Metals & Mining
The rising Chinese lithium power
Valuation & Risks
Neil Sun
In pole position to power China's EV's; initiating with Buy
Research Analyst
With 30% market share, demonstrable price leadership, and a clear cost
advantage, we believe CATL is the best positioned battery maker supplying the
EV sector in China. It is also first to make inroads into supplying global OEM's.
Sharon Ding
As such, we believe it can achieve volume growth of close to 50% annually to
Research Analyst
2020 with profits rising at a 30% CAGR. Our valuation reflects that high growth
+852-2203-5716
phase with a target multiple of 36x and 81% upside potential for the stock. We
initiate with a BUY rating.
James Kan
Research Analyst
The Chinese EV lithium battery market leader
CATL's sales volume exhibited exponential growth at a 3-year 263% CAGR
to 2017, thanks to its strong execution and solid manufacturing experience.
Vincent Ha, CFA
The company has secured the lead position in the main future growth driver
Research Analyst
to 54.0GWh in 2020E at a CAGR of 47%. CATL also shows up on the procurement
roadmaps of key international auto OEMs, which makes it the first Chinese EV
battery maker with a meaningful overseas presence.
Pricing premium and competitive cost position
Reflecting the company's superior product quality, our due diligence shows that
CATL achieved an 8% battery pack pricing premium over the Chinese industry
average in 2017. Its scale and progress in manufacturing technology also gave
the company a 7-10% cost advantage in raw material procurement. Although unit
gross profit will likely fall from RMB0.58/wh in 2017 to RMB0.36/wh in 2020E in
order to lower the cost of EV ownership, its strong volume growth should drive
the bottom line higher in the next 3 years.
Initiating coverage with Buy; target price set at 36x 2019E P/E; risks
Our target price of RMB72.2 is based on 36x 2019E EPS and implies 81% upside
potential. We believe our multiple is justified by its strong recurring income
growth at a 3-year CAGR of 30% and its leading industry position. Key risks:
unexpected changes in EV demand and government's subsidy policy.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its res Distributed on: T2/06/2018 17:48:09 GMT
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 091/04/2018. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE PEOPLE'S
REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Table Of Contents
Investment thesis
Outlook
CATL is the largest EV lithium battery player in China, with a c. 30% EV lithium
battery market share in terms of installation in 2017. Close client relationships
and a superior product quality translate into market dominance that should help
CATL continue to gain market share in the EV lithium battery market and maintain
its industry leading position.
We believe the company has secured its future growth driver in the passenger
EV market as the main battery supplier of 4 of the top 10 best-selling models
in 2017. In addition, CATL appears in the procurement relationship roadmaps of
key international auto OEMs till the end of automobile model year 2022, which
indicates its potential in the overseas market.
Through cooperation with more passenger EV makers, CATL should continue to
gain market share in NCM batteries. Its new manufacturing bases in Jiangsu
Liyang and Ningde Huxi are well prepared for rising demand.
We expect the ASP of lithium batteries to drop faster than the company cuts
costs, implying shrinking unit profitability. ASP may drop at a CAGR of c.11%
in the next three years, while we expect COGS to fall at a CAGR of c.9% in the
same period. However, strong sales volume is likely to largely offset the impact
as CATL's strong sales volume CAGR of 48% from 2018E to 2020E should help
recurring income to climb at a CAGR of 30% in the next three years.
Valuation
As CATL has just listed on the A-share ChiNext market, we believe the market is
still on the path of discovering its intrinsic value. Hence, we adopt a P/E multiple of
36x FY19E EPS, which is linked to PEG of 1.2x. The multiple implies 20% premium
for the company, compared to the Chinese industry peer average PEG of 1.0x.
We believe our valuation is justified by the company's strong recurring income
growth at a 3-year CAGR of 30%, its leading industry position, competitive cost
advantage, and potential upside in the overseas market.
Risks
Key downside risks include: significant changes in the Chinese government's new
energy subsidy policy; weaker-than-expected volume growth in the next three
years; a quicker-than-expected ASP drop or slower-than-expected cost cuts; a
slower-than-expected ramp-up at the Ningde Huxi and Jiangsu Liyang plants.
Valuation
Target price of RMB72 based on 36x FY19E PE
As CATL has just listed on the A-share market on 11 June 2018, we believe the
market is still on the path of discovering the company's intrinsic value. Hence, we
set an earnings multiple of 36x FY19E PE to value CATL, derived from a PEG of
1.2x. Our target price is set at RMB72, implying a 81% upside potential.
Figure 1 below shows a valuation comparison of A-share peers; A-share investors
commonly adopt the PEG method to value the sector, which on average trades
at 1.0x PEG. We believe that our target multiple should not only reflect the
company's strong recurring earnings growth at a 3-year CAGR of 30%, but also
consider the company's leading industry position, competitive cost advantage,
and potential upside in the overseas market, which we discuss in the following
sections.
International peers listed in Korean and Japan markets are not pure battery plays,
as the battery business tend to be only a fraction of their operations and contribute
limited profitability. However, it is worth noting that the international peers are
expected to record a much milder earnings growth, pushing up the international
peers' PEG multiple to 2.2x on average.
In conclusion, we believe that CATL is more suitable to adopt the PEG multiple
range of its A-share peers given its current investor profile. We believe a 20%
premium for CATL over its A-share peers is justified, resulting in a PEG of 1.2x
and a FY19E PE multiple of 36x.
Source: Blomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank estimates
Earnings sensitivity analysis
As CATL's earnings and margin outlook is heavily dependent on its pricing and
cost trajectory, we present the 2019E and 2020E earnings sensitivity analysis
based on different inputs of 1) unit ASP decline, and 2) production efficiency
improvement.
For the base case scenario, we factored in 14.5%/10.0%/7.5% of unit ASP decline
in 2018E/2019E/2020E, and 7.0%/6.5%/2.0% production efficiency improvement
in the same period. For a more detailed discussion on our ASP and cost decline
assumptions, please refer to the "CATL's product pricing trajectory" and "CATL's
cost per unit trajectory" in "Summary of financials" section.
In conclusion, our analysis in Figure 2 below shows that for every additional 0.5%
of ASP cut in 2019E/2020E, it will have a negative -6%/-8% impact to our earnings
forecasts. Meanwhile, for every 0.5% of production efficiency improvement in
2019E/2020E, it will lift our earnings forecasts by 4%/5%, respectively.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
The Chinese market leader
Current market share leader
On the back of China's soaring EV demand, total EV battery installation volume
grew from 4.2GWh in 2014 to 33.5GWh in 2017, pacing at a 100% 3-year CAGR.
Our analysis of battery installation volume on vehiclesshows industry dynamics,
which we believe is a good tracker of order materialization by auto OEMs.
CATL seized the opportunity of strong EV industry growth and reported a 3-
year battery sales volume growth at 263% from 2014 to 2017, gaining market
share from competitors as it is capable of providing products in both quality and
quantity.
We present an analysis of China's 2017 EV battery installations in Figure 3 below.
CATL is the market share leader in both LFP (33%) and NCM battery installations
(30%), and thus leads in total EV battery installations (30%), including batteries
that use other kinds of cathode materials (LMO, LTO, and NCA - see our note in
Figure 3).
The market share gap between CATL and the rest of the pack is more obvious
in NCM batteries, where the company was more than 4x larger in terms of
installation volume in 2017. We believe its market share gap, particularly in NCM
batteries, reflects its edge in technology and manufacturing know-how. This is
because NCM batteries answer to the pursuit of a higher energy density level on
a wh/kg basis, a longer driving range per charge, and the ultimate goal of a lower
total cost of ownership, which is currently driven by Chinese government policy.
Although CATL also led in LFP battery installations in 2017, industry peers are not
far behind in the relatively more mature technology, particularly BYD.
LFP = Lithium Iron Phosphate
LMO = Lithium Manganese Oxide
LTO = Lithium Titanium Oxide
NCA = Lithium Nickel Cobalt Aluminum Oxide
NCM = Lithium Nickel Cobalt Manganese Oxide
Source: RealLi Research, Deutsche Bank
The strong becomes stronger
We also tracked the first 4 months of EV battery installations this year, as shown
in Figure 4 below, which indicated that the strong became stronger - the market
share of CATL increased to 48% / 42% YTD in LFP / NCM, respectively, from a
+30% level in 2017. As government subsidy policy is favorable to batteries with
higher energy density level (ie. NCM batteries), we estimated that CATL's NCM
batteries will reach 31GWh in 2020E, taking up 86% of its battery volume growth
in the next 3 years thanks to the rising demand of passenger EV, which we discuss
in the following section.
It is worth noting that monthly market share may be volatile with fluctuations in EV
shipments, but we believe CATL's market dominance in China will likely continue,
partly based on our analysis of future growth drivers in the following section.
Source: RealLi Research, Deutsche Bank
Market share leader in passenger EVs – future growth
driver
For a good gauge of CATL's exposure to future growth drivers, we gathered the
top 10 selling passenger car pure Battery EV (BEV) models in China and monitored
their performance in the first 4 months of 2018. As summarized in Figure 5 below,
the top 10 passenger BEV models collectively account for a c.60% domestic
market share in the segment and we observe a trend of gradual consolidation.
Among our samples, CATL is the main battery supplier to 4 of the top 10 best-
selling passenger car BEV models in China, which largely secures its future
demand. The company is exposed to models with higher capacities (on a kWh
per unit basis), including Geely's Emgrand EV and BAIC's EU series, indicating
that CATL has a even higher market share in terms of installed battery volume
in the segment.
Source: CPCA, d1EV, Deutsche Bank
Deeper client relationship through JV and equity
investments
CATL not only positioned itself as the battery supplier to auto OEMs like most
of the Chinese battery players. Since EV battery is a critical component in the
vehicle and CATL emerged as the key supplier in the industry, auto OEMs has
been partnering with the company for a deeper cooperation including R&D and
design.
Regarding domestic client relationships in particular, it is worth noting that not
only CATL is the key supplier to leading auto OEMs (including BAIC, Geely, SAIC),
it has also set up JVs (SAIC) and received equity investments (Donfeng Motor,
Chang'an). Most of the auto OEMs that set up JVs or invest in CATL are the leading
players in passenger car segment, which means CATL appears well-positioned
for future growth.
Currently the structure of CATL's JVs allow the company to fully control the key
manufacturing process to the complete production of battery cell. We believe the
JVs form a stickier relationship with auto OEMs, as the structure leads to jointly
developed battery projects, which in turn provide a more stable order outlook for
the company.
From China to the world
CATL was the first battery maker in China to work with international brands
in 2011, when the company partnered with BMW-Brilliance for the batteries of
the first EV model of Zinoro"1E". After the recognition of BMW-Brilliance, CATL
continued to expand its passenger vehicle customer portfolio internationally,
including names like Volkswagen, Daimler, Honda, Nissan and Renault.
Figure 6 shows international auto OEMs and their EV battery procurement
relationships before automobile model year 2022. The high-profile USD48bn EV
battery purchasing contract awarded by Volkswagen confirms CATL as the sole
battery supplier in China and one of the main battery suppliers overseas. Among
Japanese OEMs, Nissan adopted the company's battery in its electric version of
Sylphy and Honda is developing an EV model with CATL that is due for launch in
2020. We expect more collaborations with international auto OEMs to materialize
going forward, which would make CATL the first EV battery maker to have a
meaningful global presence.
Note 1: Primearth EV Energy, a subsidiary of Toyota
Note 2: Lithium Energy Japan, a JV set up by GS Yuasa, Mitsubishi, and Mitsubishi Motors
Source: B3, Deutsche Bank
Priced at a premium
For a clean battery pack ASP comparison between CATL and industry peers, we
carved out the company's battery cell sales to Pride Power, which comprised
21% of CATL's sales volume on average in 2014-2017, as implied by the unit
pricing disclosed in its prospectus. Over the past 3 years, CATL's battery pack ASP
(excluding VAT) came down 53% from RMB3.14/wh in 2014 to RMB1.49/wh in
2017, compared to the industry average of RMB2.71/wh in 2014 to RMB1.38/wh.
Our analysis indicated that CATL commanded a pricing premium over industry
peers of 16% in 2014, which declined to 8% in 2017 as the EV lithium battery
industry developed along with its narrowing technology gap (see Figure 7).
We expect the trend to continue going forward, but the company should continue
to command a slight pricing premium of c.5% to the industry average over the
next 3 years. We believe CATL's progress in material sciences will continue to be
reflected in superior product performance and higher consistency.
Manufacturing experience and product quality set CATL apart
We believe CATL's pricing premium results from its combined manufacturing
experience and higher product quality. Figure 8 illustrates its gap with its industry
peers, and we believe these two key factors enable it to surpass competitors,
which we will elaborate on in the following section.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Manufacturing experience: As component materials and client
requirements differ along with end-product generational changes, its
accumulated manufacturing experience plays an important role in
delivering lithium batteries in high volume and consistency, and thus
high production yields. Following CATL's spin-off from ATL (one of
the main suppliers of iPhone batteries), the company's engineers came
with extensive experience in consumer electronic battery manufacturing
given ATL's long history (it was founded in 1999). We believe ATL's
supreme operational and management styles largely determine CATL's
corporate DNA, which sets it apart from industry peers. In fact, its
Chairman Zeng Yuqun had established ATL itself and managed the
company for c. 17 years till 1Q17.
In 2015, ATL (majority owned by TDK) sold all of its 15% stake in the
company in order to solidify CATL's position as a national champion
in EV lithium batteries, supported by the Chinese government.
Moreover, 2 companies were involved in IP (intellectual property)
deals in 4Q15 and 3Q17, indicating cooperation at the R&D level.
Product quality: Interviews with industry contacts suggest that CATL
has a high production yield rate of over 90% compared to industry
peers in China at c.10 percentage points lower. We believe it will take
time for competitors to catch up with it, as technology complexity is
increasing and moving towards high-nickel-content materials to achieve
higher energy density with each year. In addition, the company lowered
its warranty provision from 5% to 3% of sales revenue in 2016 due to
significantly lower realized expense vs. the warranty provision, according
to its audited reports. This indicates CATL has a higher product quality
in warranty provision than the industry norm's c.5% of sales revenue.
CATL is now capable of achieving a 240wh/kg energy density level
in mass production (NCM material on cell level) through technology
development, which is not far from Panasonic's c.265wh/kg of the
battery cell installed on the Tesla Model 3. CATL has also achieved
a cell energy density level of 304wh/kg in over 1,000 cycles in the
lab, according to Professor Minggao Ouyang, a leading expert in
automobile power systems and control.
Competitive cost position
Lower battery costs domestically and internationally
Thanks to its significant scale, fast volume growth, and heavy reliance on
domestic component suppliers, CATL has a competitive cost position against
both overseas players and domestic players. The company's battery pack cost has
dropped to USD143/kWh, with a blended battery system priced at USD209/wh.
On a cost basis, this puts CATL on par with leading overseas players, including
Tesla, LG Chem, and Samsung SDI.
CATL's cost cuts at 26% 3-year CAGR
In 2014-2017, the company managed to cut battery costs by c.60% from
RMB2.21/wh to RMB0.91/wh, achieving a 3-year CAGR of 26% cost down and
still reported a healthy 36% gross margin. We believe that CATL's scale allowed
it to leverage off domestic component suppliers and drive down its unit cost from
the raw material perspective. As the industry has passed the easier phase of cost
improvement, we expect CATL's blended battery cost to decline at a 3-year CAGR
of 9% till 2020E (see Figure 10).
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Procurement cost advantage thanks to industry leading
position
Our due diligence concludes that CATL has an advantage over the industry
average spot price by 7-10%, thanks to its leading position in scale, fast
growth, and accumulation of manufacturing know-how. As the company does
not disclose unit cost directly, our view comes mainly from observations of year-
over-year spot price movements of key components and comparing them to the
company's reported unit procurement cost movements.
In the lithium battery industry, raw material purchase contracts are generally
signed on an annual basis. As the battery component industry is expected to
achieve cost decline in the future, battery makers tend not to build up inventory.
Exception in the major components is cathode material, where the purchase
contract is on a rolling monthly basis as over 80% of its cost is determined by
upstream metals. Among CATL's inventory, 25-35% is made up by raw material
and 40-50% by battery, which we believe is healthy considering its inventory days
at 97 days in 2017.
Deep dive into the procurement cost movements of the 4 major components
We believe that CATL has paced itself and managed to strike a balance
between raw material cost cuts and battery performance. As cathode is a critical
component of a battery's materials that decides its energy density level, we saw
that its procurement advantage allowed a significant improvement to c.8% in
2017 from virtually nil in 2015 (see Figure 11).
This compares with anode, which is shown in Figure 12 as a more mature
component of battery materials and its estimated procurement cost advantage of
c.15% occurred early in 2015 and gradually declined to c.7% in 2017.
Source: Asian Metal, CIAPS, GBII, Company data, Deutsche Bank
Source: CIAPS, GBII, Company data, Deutsche Bank
A separator prevents physical contact between the cathode and the anode, and
acts as a safety mechanism in a battery cell. We note that the company sourced
a proportion of separators overseas, and gradually substituted with domestic
separators providers as the latter caught up in performance. We factored in an
estimated imported/domestic split on an apples-to-apples comparison, and Figure
13 shows that CATL achieved a c.9% procurement advantage in 2017 from almost
none in 2015.
Its procurement advantage in electrolytes emerged in 2016, as electrolyte
capacity is easier to ramp up provided that key ingredients are sufficient. We
estimate that CATL had a procurement advantage of c.10% in 2017 based on its
heavy reliance on key local suppliers (see Figure 14).
Source:CIAPS, GBII, Company data, Deutsche Bank
Source: Company data, industry data, Deutsche Bank
Higher automation level reflected in lower labor cost
We believe that increase in production line automation level also plays an
important role in driving down unit cost for CATL. As the company has dedicated
years, we saw direct labor as a % of COGS more than halve to 4.1% in 2017, from
8.6% in 2015. It also puts CATL in the leading position, compared to domestic
peers, as shown in Figure 16.
Source: Company data, A-share annual reports, Deutsche Bank
Summary of financials
All segments are driven by lithium batteries
CATL is a pure proxy for exposure to lithium battery related businesses. As shown
in Figure 17 and 18, the company reports revenue as follows: 1) battery systems,
which include sales of both battery packs and battery cells; 2) battery materials,
which mainly include sales of NCM precursor materials through its subsidiary
Hunan Brunp; 3) others, which include battery recycling and battery R&D service
revenue. Battery systems contributed 83%/81% of revenue/gross profit in 2017,
and we expect a rise to 86% of revenue/gross profit each in 2020E, driven by
strong EV battery volume growth.
As battery materials are mainly represented by sales of NCM precursors, we
expect unit ASP movement and volume growth will largely follow the trend of
NCM cathode, for which we expect a 22% 3-year revenue CAGR to 2020E. The
battery material will consist of 10%/9% of CATL's top line/gross profit in 2020E,
similar to current levels.
Regarding other businesses, including battery recycling and R&D services, we
factored in similar growth rates to battery systems. Given that battery recycling
occurs at the end of the battery product cycle, we believe that it should be highly
linked to the company's main battery system sales. We expect to see 4%/5%
revenue/gross profit contributions from the Others segment in 2020E, which is
skewed to the conservative side, as we don't factor in the contribution from
battery R&D services.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
CATL's product pricing trajectory
years, and we estimate that ASP has declined by a 3-year CAGR of 22%, similar
to the Chinese industry average, factoring in the company's LFP/NCM split. We
expect battery pack ASP to decline further, responding to the phase-out of the
government subsidy and cost-cut efforts to achieve a lower EV total cost of
ownership.
Currently the Chinese government targets to completely phase out the subsidy
by end 2020 and sets the average battery cost target lower than RMB1/wh
to drive technological improvement at EV battery manufacturers. We expect a
slightly higher ASP decline CAGR at c.11% in the next 3 years for both CATL
and the Chinese industry average. The number implies that Chinese industry
average battery cost will achieve RMB0.99/wh (excluding VAT) by end-2020 and
the industry will be fully prepared for the phase-out of the subsidy and re-entry
of international battery players. Figure 19 below shows our estimates of CATL's
pack ASP vs. the Chinese industry average, and Figure 20 illustrates the historical
speed of the ASP decline and our outlook.
Direct exposure to government subsidy at c.2% of revenue
Chinese government provides EV subsidy to individual auto OEMs directly with
a time lag, and other subsidies along the supply chain are not directly linked to
the number of EVs sold. Regarding the exit of government subsidy at the end
of 2020, we incorporated the impact on CATL's product in the previous section,
adopting government battery cost at lower than RMB1/wh as the medium-term
target by end 2020. If we look at the direct government subsidy as % of revenue,
CATL reported the level at 1-2% in the past 3 years (see Figure 21 below).
Chinese government is strongly supportive of NEV sector, and the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) mentioned to develop 1-2 domestic
lithium battery players capable of competing at a global level by the time subsidy
exits. Therefore, we expect CATL to record the direct government subsidy at lower
than 2% in the next 3 years, which we believe is at a reasonable level.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
CATL's cost per unit trajectory
CATL successfully cut costs by 60% from 2014 to RMB0.91/kWh in 2017. We
believe the cost cuts were made possible by its progress in material sciences,
lower procurement cost and higher automation level, as illustrated in the previous
section.
As shown in Figure 22 below, we built our unit cost assumption based on
raw material, depreciation, labor, electricity, and other manufacturing costs. We
expect costs to decline at a CAGR of 9% in the next 3 years, predominantly
driven by raw material cost savings. The reduction in raw material usage reflects
improving chemistry, energy density, the structural parts design of the cell and
efficiency gains through scale enlargement.
We believe the phase of massive cost cuts due to scale increase is behind us,
and the industry, including market leader CATL, would next seek cost savings by
perfecting manufacturing technology and increasing energy density. As a result,
we expect energy density improvement to be reflected in reduced raw material
usage at a 3-year CAGR of 5% going forward, and improving manufacturing
technology to contribute the remaining portion of cost savings.
Let's look at the cost-cutting process another way. We estimate that in order to
achieve a further 25% cost cut by 2020 to RMB0.7/wh from the current level, 84%
of the cost savings will have to come from raw materials, 13% from depreciation,
and 3% from electricity, labor, and other manufacturing costs.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Strong sales volume should offset shrinking unit
profitability
We believe ASP of lithium batteries may drop faster than the company cuts costs.
On a watt hourbasis, we expect CATL's battery ASP per unit to fall at a 3-year
CAGR of 11%, and cost per unit to drop at a 3-year CAGR of 9%. As a result,
margin per unit should decrease from RMB0.50/wh in 2017 to RMB0.29/wh in
2020E, in our view (see Figure 24).
Nonetheless, the strong growth in capacity and sales is likely to largely offset
shrinking unit profitability. We expect total sales at CATL to increase from
11.8GWh in 2017 to 19.7/29.5/41.5 GWh in 2018/2019/2020, respectively,
representing a 62%/64%/77% utilization rate in the next three years. The lower
utilization rates than 76% in 2017 are due to the new manufacturing plants at
Jiangsu Liyang (10GWh) and Ningde Huxi (24GWh), which will gradually ramp up
after 2018 and 2019. As the company is still in an expansion phase, we expect the
Ningde Hudong and Qinghai Xining plants to reach full capacity in 2020E, while
other factories gradually ramp up (see figure 26).
In conclusion, we believe CATL will keep its competitive edge and expand its
market share and bottom line even as its unit profitability erodes. Considering its
broad customer mix, higher product quality and competitive cost position, CATL
is highly likely to grow with downstream EV makers and maintain its leading
position.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Consolidated income statement
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Consolidated balance sheet
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Consolidated cash flow statement
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Metals & Mining
CATL
Appendix
Shareholding structure
Company history
Contemporary Amperex Technology
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
CATL
Reuters: 300750.SZ
Bloomberg: 300750 CH
Buy
Company Profile
CATL operates as a battery products manufacturing company.
The Company produces and sells power battery materials,
energy storage battery materials, energy storage battery cells,
battery systems, and other products. CATL also provides
batteries recycling services.
Neil Sun
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Neil Sun
Historical recommendations and target price. CATL (300750.SZ)
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Metals & Mining
CATL
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives
or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes
on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade
found on the general coverage list and also on the covered company 's page. A SOLAR idea represents a high-conviction
belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame
of no less than two weeks and no more than six months. In addition to SOLAR ideas, analysts may occasionally discuss
with our clients, and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or
events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in
market conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management,
and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and
does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not
an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy.
Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed
in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own informed investment decisions.
Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead
to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other
than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not
necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated.
Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and
other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to
Metals & Mining
CATL
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the
higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the
most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may – by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed
to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency that differs
from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks typical to
options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited – up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including: (i) exchange rates can
be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market factors,
including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes in
interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Deutsche Bank is not acting as a financial adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents with respect to
any information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, and
is not acting as an impartial adviser. Information contained herein is being provided on the basis that the recipient will
make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and is not meant for retirement accounts or
for any specific person or account type. The information we provide is directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular
transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of
its products and services. If this is not the case, or if you or your agent are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in
the investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
information before investing.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations,
including those regarding contacts with issuer companies.
Metals & Mining
CATL
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional Information"
section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of
Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered
4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. The transmission of research through DEIPL
is Deutsche Bank's determination and will not make a recipient a client of DEIPL. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s)
may have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the
applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Metals & Mining
CATL
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may undertake only the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Its principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the
Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific
Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Research
Global Head of Economics
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America