The performance of Ningbo Bank in the semi-annual performance rating of 2025, August 29th, 2025.
Ningbo Bank (equity code: 002142) Growth of 10.26 per cent in revenue on year-on-year basis and net return on parent-year-on-year growth of 10.83 per cent, with a higher rate of increase than q1. Sustained improvement in performance is mainly due to strong corporate growth and a higher interest-rate spread than narrow-driven interest income.
At Zhang I Lai, the rate fell by 45bp and 33bp, and the rate of interest on deposits fell by 25bp.
The growth of the wealth management business has been positive, and investment returns have remained high: 2025h1, the company achieved a non-interest rate increase of 4.04 per cent and a positive q1, mainly as a result of the increase in wealth sales and capital management operations, an increase of 10.06 per cent for the agency sector, and an increase of 26.94 per cent and aum, respectively, at the beginning of the year.
Gains and losses on fair value changes from a surplus to a deficit of $481 million, with some pressure on earnings from foreign exchange transactions.
Investment recommendations: The firm has a strong position in the developed areas of the long triangular economy, and the micro-business competitiveness is striking, and the poly-profit center is well-structured and profitable. Corporate interest differentials have a narrower circle and a strong resilience, and the build-up of loan accumulations is strong, supporting robust performance growth, and wind control systems are mature enough to guarantee asset quality.
The company has issued a medium-term distribution plan to further enhance investor returns. Combined with figure 13: Ningpo Bank interest-free, intermediate operating income and speed of increase, figure 14: Ningpo Bank other non-interest income, return on investment and speed of increase
Figure 15: Ningpo Bank Bad Rates, Interest Group Loans Ratio Figure 16: Ningpo Bank Routine Coverage Figure 17: Ningpo Bank Adequate Capital Level
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.