RamsyTech (300433.ch): The vertical integration of parts and components into assembly platforms that drive companies to grow, Ma Ji-chun.
• To reiterate the “buy-in” rating of RamsesTech: it is hoped that next year's profits will grow with greater certainty, with net profits expected to grow by 30 per cent in 2024 and by the same profit in 2025; 2) automobiles and electronics will remain high in their growth dynamics. So we see blue.
The strategy is clear: to expand the consumer electronic assembly business downstream, and to benefit from Huang Jiaqi's new energy vehicle incremental dividend.
• Accelerating the expansion of consumer electronic assembly operations through vertical integration of parts and components: the Rance assembly business is well under way and is moving to a stage of growth. Thanks to the spare parts capacity of the Blues Glass and the metal kernels, we expect Andre's client smartphones to be assembled this year.
This year, we expect a more significant increase in profits and a more significant increase in profits in the second half of the year. Looking forward to 2025, Lance's strategic and sustained outreach to overseas customers will continue.
So, we think that Lance's assembly today continues to enjoy the growth dividend of the new energy vehicle industry and expands the power cell structure business. Despite the slowdown in sales to the leading customers of the new energy vehicle off the coast, Lance's electronics business is going to be on the future.
The total market value (million yuan) rises, as well as the growth in power cell structure operations. Looking ahead, in 2025, the new energy locomotives off the coast of the sea are expected to grow again, driven by new models.
• Valuation: In conjunction with Lance's performances of 4q23 and 1q24, we expect that Lance's profits in 2024 will invest in risk: demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, will recover less than expected, increasing in the second half of the year
The growth of the domestic or overseas new energy vehicle industry has been weaker than expected. Upstream costs have increased the margin of profit. Industry competition has increased again, and players have become more competitive.
We value Lance using the branch plus general valuation method. We gave Lance 2024 smartphones and computers, new energy cars and smart cabins, smart head displays and smart wear classes 24.0x, 30.0x,
We expect that in 2024, with the rapid growth of the Rance assembly business, the electronics of cars, the market will give Rance a higher valuation.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected.
The recovery in demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, has not been as good as expected, and the demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, has not recovered as expected.
The share of assembly operations has continued to rise, and growth in the second half of the year has been weak, and sales of new models for large downstream customers have been better than expected.
Lance's share of electronics and profits are higher than expected. The sales of new vehicles to large downstream customers are lower than expected.
The pattern of competition in the new energy car supply chain has deteriorated, and the share and profitability of Lance's car sub-business has fallen short of expectations.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.