On 27 May 2022, the largest air terminal in the interior, more than half a million planes have been down since the beginning of the epidemic, and more than 76 million passengers have swallowed up:
Shanghai is the largest economic hub, the most economically viable and the most open long triangle in the country. Pudong airport is the largest complex international hub airport in the interior, with the largest international and regional flights in the interior.
The country’s number one, 48% in 2019, is the most high-quality port in the passenger flow structure, with the highest liquidity and profitability in the three main hubs. Since the outbreak, the price of the main battalion has been suppressed.
Int: Upon completion of the injection of the assets, the listed company has assets including (1) the Pudong Airport, the Rainbow Bridge Airport, the authority of the logistics company to operate and manage (2) the Pudong Airport t1 terminal, the first runway and the fourth runway, among others, its own land use rights.
▪ As a result of the significant decline in international passenger flows, Shanghai Airport and tax-exempts have been amicably agreed and announced in early 2021 a supplementary agreement to the tax-exempt contract: the former “base-plus button” format was adjusted to the “flow-link + cap” model. We believe that Shanghai Airport and China are supplementary to the tax-exempt contract signed by China and Shanghai.
The conference showed the importance of duty-free operations at Shanghai Airport and the determination to secure the first duty-free market.
During the combat phase, the airport industry is expected to return to the process of orderly recovery of its residents in the future, as a result of low bargaining power due to pressure on its passengers. The airport sector will be in the period of recovery of its performance as a whole, in negotiations with tax-exempters on rents, or in the course of a return to business.
The return of bargaining power in the next round of bidding is expected to release the elasticity of performance.  Short-sighted re-establishment of international routes and long-term triangular regional integration: Shanghai International Air Hub is an important infrastructure development project for long-triangular regional integration.
The Framework for Integrated Development Planning for the Region explicitly calls for “a concerted effort to build a world-class airport complex” and calls for “a firm upgrade of the Shanghai international air hub and increased radiation capacity for the long triangle, for the country as a whole and for the world as a whole.” The long triangle is a dynamic economy, an open and inclusive business environment, and a flourishing population.
Consumer capacity is underpinned by the continued expansion of Shanghai airport and group industry.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the current rent agreement, we predict Shanghai airport to be 2022-to- 44/28 times, considering the expansion of equity to 2.490 billion shares of Rainbow Bridge assets.
57/37 times. As China’s largest air terminal, the short-term recovery of performance in the medium-term as a result of the damage caused by the new coronary epidemic, the return of international re-entry and travel recovery, the return of bargaining power, which is expected to release elasticity of performance, has long benefited from long-term triangular integration development, with the first “plus” rating being covered.
1. Shanghai Airport: Centennial Portal, World Hub 1.1. Shanghai Airport History
Shanghai Airport has been operating one of China's three major international airports, Pudong International Airport. Shanghai International Airport is an important integrated traffic hub in the country. Since the outbreak, Shanghai Airport has been used as a line of defense for “off-shore entry” and has been responsible for one third of the traffic of air passengers in and out of China and one-two of the traffic in and out of China, and has shown great strength in the face of adversity.
A hundred-year-old airport, a hundred-year journey. The development of Shanghai airport revolved around Shanghai's two main airports, Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport: Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport: a military airport dating back to 1907, which was converted into a civil-military partnership in 1963.
Using the airport, which was approved as a civilian airport by the State Council in 1963, the Shanghai Pudong Airport: the State Council and the Central Military Commission approved the construction of the Pudong Airport in 1995.
In 2002, Shanghai flights gradually moved eastwards, and Pudong Airport carried all international and regional and some domestic flights.
(1) Asset replacement, two shifts in the division of labour and position in Shanghai, where the company’s core assets were replaced from Rainbow Bridge Airport to Pudong Airport. Shanghai City Government formally established Shanghai International Airport Holdings (group) in 1997 for Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport and Pudong Airport.
The company was listed in 1998, when the company’s core assets were Rainbow Bridge Airport. At the end of 2003, as the division of international and domestic flights between the two airports became clearer, Shanghai Airport entered into an asset exchange agreement with the parent company Airport Consortium, which replaced the Pudong Airport flight area with assets based on the Rainbow Bridge terminal.
The main asset and oil company owned 40% of the equity, and the balance of the asset assessment was partially offset by the company ' s contribution of $566 million. Since then, the company ' s core assets have been converted to Pudong Airport.
The construction process at Pudong Airport has been divided into three phases, with the first t1 terminal project sailing in 1999.
Phase two consists mainly of the construction of the t2 terminal and runway three, which, when completed in 2008, is expected to cover 60 million passengers per year. Phase three consists mainly of the construction of the new East Lawn, the expansion of the South Lawn Project and the expansion of the runway. In addition, phase three of the expansion project consists of a satellite hall project with a total of 622,000 surfaces of the s1 and s2 satellite halls.
As of 2021, the largest single-body satellite hall in the world. With the launch of the satellite hall in 2019, the annual capacity of passengers at the airport has reached 80 million times. So, Pudong Airport has a total of two terminals, five runways and two satellites. Figure 3: Pudong airport terminal and satellite hall layout.
Figure 4: Five runway layouts at Pudong Airport. Since 2021, Pudong Airport has been working on four phases of expansion, focusing on the construction of the t3 terminal and the use of runway 5. In 2021, Shanghai City issued the “145” plan for the construction of the Shanghai International Shipping Centre, which is intended to advance Pudong Airport.
In addition, Pudong will add a new orbital link to Shanghai East Station, which will form a large integrated “orbit + aviation” traffic hub with the Pudong Airport.
(3) In April 2022, the company indicated that it would acquire 100% of the shares of Rainbow Bridge from the parent company, and that the airport group logistics development would be facilitated by the acquisition of assets from Rainbow Bridge Airport, and the merger of management authority between Shanghai and Shanghai.
The combination of Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport have focused on the layout of the routes, their mobility, etc., has allowed the company to optimize the pooling of resources for airline flights at Pudong and Rainbow Bridge airports, to address peer competition, and to promote differentiation and operational efficiency.
1.2. In June 2021, at a glance of the Rainbow Bridge Airport Asset Infusion Programme, the company published a plan to issue shares for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds and associated transactions, which will issue shares for the purchase of the following assets held by the Airports Group and for the collection of matching funds:
(1) Rainbow Bridge has a 100% equity interest with an asset assessment value of $14.516 billion. This includes the evaluation of the billboard assets (3), the fourth runway of Pudong Airport, with an asset assessment value of $1,497 million;
At the same time, the company intends to raise the funds from the airport consortium by issuing a non-public share of the stock, and by injecting 49% of the airport advertising company's shares, Shanghai Airport's real interest in De Gaulle has been raised from 25.5% to 50%. Previously, De Gaulle was the main camp created with the participation of Shanghai Airport Advertising Company, a Shanghai airport holding company.
The airport ' s media planning and construction business, which is in charge of advertising at the two airports, Pudong and Rainbow Bridge.
Upon completion of the infusion of assets, the listed company owns assets, including (1) Pudong Airport, Rainbow Bridge Airport, Logistics Company Management, (2) Pudong Airport t1 terminal, first runway, fourth runway, etc. The rest of the main assets, with the exception of land-use assets, are leased to the Airport Consortium, 2021
The company is controlled by the Shanghai State Finance Committee, which has a stable equity structure. After assets such as Rainbow Bridge, Logistics, etc. have been injected, consideration is being given to raising matching funds, and the share of the major shareholder Shanghai Airport Group in Shanghai has been held by the end of 2021.
46.25 per cent to 58.38 per cent. From the point of view of holding and participating companies, Shanghai airport holds 100 per cent of catering, aviation oil, air terminal companies, 40 per cent of air terminal companies, 30 per cent of air terminal companies, respectively, and, following asset injections, Shanghai airport has the management of Rainbow Bridge Airport and logistics companies, while indirectly holding 100 per cent of advertising companies and 51 per cent of ground service companies.
The division of labour among affiliates clearly contributes to the harmonization and coordination of corporate resources.
Shanghai, our largest economic hub, is a long triangle with the most economically dynamic and open levels of radiation. Pudong Airport is the largest complex international hub airport in the interior, the largest air terminal in the interior, carrying the largest international flights in the country.
In 2019, domestic and international flights took off and dropped 2670.2408 million, and 2020/2021 was the first country in the region to have experienced the epidemic. Prior to the outbreak, Pudong airport had the highest international + passenger ratio in the interior.
3764/3851 million, or 48 per cent of the international and regional passenger population as a whole. 2020/2011 was affected by the epidemic, with domestic passenger throughput falling to 2561/30.53 million and international + flight landings to 486,168 million. Prior to the epidemic, the average passenger base of single aircraft had risen every year as a result of the annual increase in international + flights.
More than 200 large aircraft are used for international and regional flights than for inland routes, and the number of single-flight passengers has increased from year to year when the number of international and regional flights was higher than it was. In 2017-2019, the number of single-air passengers at Pudong airport was 142/148/150, and after the outbreak, the number of international and regional flights decreased and the population ' s willingness to travel decreased.
The number of passengers in the single-air terminal dropped to no more than 100, and air flights.
363.42/368.66/398.26 million tons, at a rate of -3.6 per cent/1.4 per cent/80.0 per cent, respectively, of which the International and Regional Postal Service published data that in 2021 the cargo throughput at Pudong Airport was the first in the country ' s civil transport airport, leading the second white cloud airport by 2.0449 million, and the economic dynamism of the long triangle represented by the above seas continued to be validated.
Based on the civil airport rates issued by the Civil Aviation Authority, most of the international and Australian flight rates, such as landing fees, parking fees, passenger services, security clearance fees, etc., are significantly higher than those for inland flights. The table below shows the aviation rates for Pudong Airport, which is a class 1 airport.
As a class 2 airport, Rainbow Bridge airport has a slightly different fee rate than Pudong. This is mainly reflected in a slightly higher rate of collection for domestic flights than for class 1 and in the fact that international and Hong Kong and Australian flights are in line with Pudong airport, which is under pressure as a result of a significant drop in international and regional landings.
This represents a decline in the structure of international and regional flights. That is, the impact of the epidemic on the prices of the flights, both in terms of the prices of the flights, and a significant decline in the revenues associated with passenger and postage at Pudong Airport. For 2019-2021, the revenues related to passengers and postage at Pudong Airport amounted to $22.79.738.724 million, and the corresponding income for individual passengers amounted to $26.67/15.89/13.95, respectively, for the Brigades.
3. Non-aerial operations: the passenger structure decides to become efficient and the resilience of post-epidemiological recovery is released 3.1. Non-aerial operations are split up: commercial rental income changes with the passenger structure
Non-aerial operating income is an indication of the efficiency of the airport ' s passenger flow and constitutes a major part of the airport ' s revenue collection.
Businesses such as catering, retail, etc.; others include, inter alia, air support extension services. Before the outbreak, commercial rental income was the most important non-air income component, accounting for close to 80% of non-air revenue.
Tax-exempt rents are the largest share of commercial rental income, with a larger decline. According to corporate disclosure, the rent paid to companies by Pudong Airport, China’s exempt controlling subsidiary, Shanghai, Japan, was 25.55/36.81/52.1/11.56/486 million yuan in 2017-2019, and the share of non-aerial revenue was the same as before the outbreak.
As a result of the sharp decline in international passenger flows, Shanghai Airport and tax-exempters amicably agreed and announced a supplementary agreement to the tax-exempt contract in early 2021. The contract was signed on 29 January 2021 by the exempt controlling subsidiary, the Shanghai Company, S.A. Ltd., with Shanghai Airport.
The original “bottom plus button” model was determined on the basis of the principle of a fixed percentage of sales and a higher minimum. The original base figure is shown in the figure below, with a combined rate of 42.5 per cent, with no capping. The new “flow link” model allows for some of the benefits from the year of the outbreak recovery, and is phased in in the year of the outbreak’s damage.
The new rent recognition model for duty-free shops in the supplementary agreement is based on an average of 3.209 million international and regional passenger flows per month in 2019, i.e. 2.567 million, and identifies two different rental models for actual monthly passenger movements that are not within and above the boundary line.
Rent set; when the passenger flow exceeds the dividing line, the rent is determined by the corresponding monthly base sales, depending on the circumstances. International passenger currents are raised by the actual monthly sales = 135.28 (per capita contribution, in yuan/principal) x actual passenger flow adjustment factor during the month x area adjustment factor
Among these, the passenger flow adjustment factor varies from less than 30 per cent per month for actual international passenger flows to the same month in 2019, from a higher to a lower deceleration factor for 120 per cent, and the area adjustment factor ranges from less than 10 per cent to more than 70 per cent of the total tax-exempt area, and when the actual operation takes place
The area adjustment factor is 0 when the area is 0. When the base sale of the month ' s international passenger month is raised = 12 months of the year ' s base sale, and when the monthly passenger flow exceeds the dividing line, the base is recognized as follows:
If the international passenger stream below x in the year corresponds to the minimum value of the passenger flow zone and the corresponding annual base value of the year; If the international passenger stream equals the lowest value of the lower passenger stream in the year, the X zone falls into the same area in the year after 2022, and if the international passenger flow during the year after 2019-2021 falls within the same range, then the international passenger stream in the year after 2022 falls into the same area.
The supplementary agreement, which entered into force in March 2020, confirmed a tax-free rent of $1,156 million for 2022, which is a significant decrease from the original $4.158 billion.
Thus, the monthly rent paid in Shanghai, Japan, should read “monthly sales raise = 135.28 x current × top one passenger flow factor x monthly area adjustment factor for the current month.” The area adjustment factor is not publicly disclosed, and we assume that the tax-free area for the entire year 2020 is broadly consistent, with the year 2020 rent being inverted by the year 2020, with the highest one passenger flow adjustment factor multiplied by the 20-year average area adjustment factor.
The savings factor is estimated to be around 2.6. The estimated tax-free rent for the entire year of 2021 is around $590 million. Compared with the old and new options, the rent is reduced to varying degrees in most of the passenger flow situations.
Compared to the rent curve of the original “base-plus-button” model, the rent avoided under the replenishment agreement is lower in most passenger flow situations. The new scheme, capping rents in excess of expectations of passenger flow and sales, helps to increase the size of the tax-free Shanghai airport.
In the same scenario as in 2019, the surrogate rate would be higher if the airport was duty-free and its penetration rates and unit prices continued to rise, and Shanghai airport and China were to be sold more frequently. But the new scheme would no longer follow a passenger when the international passenger flow exceeded a certain value.
One-person contributions have been raised and capped. We believe that this is intended to encourage China to increase the operating and inventory resources of Shanghai Airport tax-free shops and to raise the marginal benefits of exemption, thereby increasing the tax-free size of Shanghai Airport and further entrenching its position as the country's first duty-free market point, with a view to a new round of tax-free tenders in 2025.
At the same time, the supplementary agreement agreed on the terms of a new round of consultations: “The new coronary virus epidemic” was not fully concluded on 31 December 2023.
(b) Significant changes in domestic and foreign tax policies relating to tax exemptions;
Shanghai Airport is expected to be the main post-International Navigation Duty Free Marketing position. We believe that Shanghai Airport and the exemption agreement supplement to the tax-exempt contract demonstrates Shanghai Airport’s commitment to duty-free operations and its ability to secure the first duty-free market.
We believe that the conditions for the new round of consultations are not quantitative and rigid, but rather relatively vague soft conditions, with the possibility of friendly negotiations following the resumption of large passenger flows.
De Gaulle is a joint venture between Shanghai Airport Advertising, which is owned by listed companies, and Medi Pyle International, which is responsible for advertising operations at Pudong and Rainbow Bridge. 50% of De Gaulle’s net profit is in the investment returns section of the listed company’s statement.
Aerofuels is a listed company that is currently responsible for the construction and operation of oil supply facilities and related projects at Pudong International Airport. Forty% of its net profits are in the investment returns class of listed companies.
The total return on investment was $6.9/8.9/9.5.9 billion, the bulk of the investment return on the Shanghai airport statement. The downside of the pressure followed by the aviation business phase was reduced, but significant profits were still being made.
4.1. The three main types of level 1 airports in China are Beijing Capital Airport, Shanghai Pudong Airport, Guangzhou White Cloud Airport, which locates China’s three main portal complex airports.
As a complement to the Rainbow Bridge airport, the annual passenger throughput at Pudong airport is comparable to the size of White Cloud airport. But, in terms of the international plus passenger throughput that represents the needs of the Middle and High-end Business Brigades, Shanghai airport has a far higher-end passenger flow before the outbreak, and thus has a relatively greater value and potential for individualized realization.
According to the company's bulletin, the three pre-epidemiological airport rental model is a “basehold plus button” model.
There is no limit to the bottom. The rate of bottom-line business withholding is proof of the high value of airport traffic. Although affected by the epidemic, as domestic and international passenger flows gradually return as the epidemic recovers, the value of airport traffic will be released accordingly.
We have achieved higher non-aerial operating income. We have contributed the non-aerial operating income from one passenger as a rough illustration of the efficiency of the airport's realization.
The return of bargaining rights begins with the return of traffic. Underline business flows are based on the current phase of the fight against the epidemic, which has led to a low level of bargaining power in the airport industry, leading to an orderly recovery in the future productive life of the population and an orderly return to the flow of passengers.
The airport industry as a whole will enter a performance recovery period in the course of the resumption of passenger flows, single-person contributions, and the return of bargaining power in rent negotiations with tax-exempters or in the next round of bidding is expected to release performance elasticity.
Financial analysis: Costs are relatively stable, net profits are associated with income fluctuations. Total operating costs at Shanghai Airport are slow to increase, and net gains are associated with income fluctuations because of their heavy assets and the basic operational characteristics of liquidity. The main costs include operating maintenance costs, labour costs, amortization costs.
Previously, the operation of the satellite hall for the three-phased expansion of Pudong Airport had led to a continuous escalation in operating maintenance costs, owing to increased expenditure on operating costs such as rental fees and maintenance fees. In 2021, the company implemented new lease guidelines, with rental costs showing adjustments from operating maintenance costs to amortization costs and financial costs, resulting in a change in the operating cost structure.
From 2016 to 2019, the company ' s Māori rate continued its upward trend, mainly because of the high Māori non-aviation rates, such as tax exemptions. In 2020 and 2021, the company ' s main business was hit by the epidemic, with passenger throughput and aircraft landings falling, resulting in lower Māori rates and net homecoming interest rates.
The next recovery will also benefit the expansion of non-aerial operations. Figure 31: Shanghai Airport and comparable Māori rates for companies, 2016-2021
Until 2019, the company grew up with business expansion and the project became operational. In 2020, with repeated and persistent effects of the epidemic, the company’s net profit fell, resulting in a contraction of the company’s net profit. In the future, as the epidemic recovered from the post-optimal tourism industry and tax-free industry, the company’s leadership was further strengthened by the injection of Rainbow Bridge Airport.
5.2. Business outlook: a short look at the resumption of international routes, long-term triangular regional integration developments 5.2.1. International tourism recovery outlook: pre-during the dawn of the expatriation
Level: 0 - unrestricted, 1 - screening, 2 - high-risk area arrival isolation, 3 - partial closure, 4 - complete closure of borders, and weighted average quantification of travel restrictions globally. According to iata, the level of travel restrictions worldwide rose rapidly from the effects of border closures in many countries in the early part of the epidemic to around 3.5, and gradually as many countries moved forward.
Unlocking borders and relaxing controls have been slowly reduced to 2-2.5 zones, where most countries have implemented isolation measures for arrivals in high-risk areas, and travel restrictions have not been tightened on a large scale as a result of repeated outbreaks. The International Air Association predicts that the number of air passengers will return to pre-epidemiological levels in 2023.
The study " covid-19 — near-completely restored prospects for air travel — published on 26 May 2021 was motivated by the gradual resumption of international routes.
We believe that the cold winter will be over. In the context of the low rates of new mutation and mortality, the continued increase in global vaccine coverage, the approval of new coronary special effects, and the continued evolution of detection methods and strategies, we have reason to believe that the Shanghai Airports Group has an important role to play in the development of long-triangular integration at dawn.
On November 5, 2018, Secretary-General Xi Jinping announced at China’s first international import fair that he would support regional integration in the Yangtze Delta.
In 2019, the Central Chinese Republic and the State Council issued the Outline for the Development of Regional Integration in the Yangtze Delta, which clearly states that “combining efforts to build a world class of airports” and calls for “consolidation of the upgrading of the Shanghai International Air Hub to enhance radiation capabilities for the long triangle, the nation, and beyond. Planning for the construction of a new airport in South China will become the Shanghai State.
The Shanghai City Master Plan (2017-2035) proposes that, by 2035, the Shanghai Air Hub will have designed annual passenger transport capacity of 180 million times and cargo capacity of about 6.5 million tons.
The Shanghai Airports Group, “During the 14th Five-Year Period,” will promote the four-phase expansion of Pudong Airport, actively preparing for the new airport project in South China. The dynamic economy of the long triangle, an open and inclusive business environment, and a strong consumer capacity are Shanghai aircraft.
In November 2020, the Ministry of Transport agreed to the Shanghai Airport (Group) Ltd. as one of six pilot units to promote long-triangular transport integration and the construction of world-class airports.
The Shanghai Airports Group and listed companies will benefit in the long term from the long-term national strategy for long-triangular integrated development, as well as from the advantages of long-triangular urban clusters in the highlands of the Chinese economy.
In April-June of that year, the epidemic was more severe, followed by the gradual resumption of domestic flights, the orderly liberalization of international flights in 2023, and the return of 2024 flights to essentially 2019 levels throughout the year.
Passenger throughput was 2119/6321/73.4 million and mail through 3574.14 million tons, respectively, and aircraft landings were 19.7/24.6 and 26.5 million in 2022-2024 at Rainbow Bridge Airport, respectively, and passenger throughput was split: revenue from Shanghai airport was projected for 2022-2024 under the current rental agreement.
Cost item: The main change is the consolidation of assets such as Rainbow Bridge Airport, Logistics Corporation, etc. The acquisition of assets and timing: the distribution of shares to purchase the assets of Rainbow Bridge Airport and Logistics Corporation was approved by the CSRC on 25 April 2022, assuming that the acquisition and presentation had been completed since June 2022.
The period was marked by damage to the new crown, the recovery of performance in the medium term with international re-entry, a recovery in travel, a return in bargaining power that is expected to release the elasticity of performance, long-term benefits from long-term triangular integration development, and the first-time coverage of the “enhanced” rating. From a comparable corporate valuation point of view, the current Shanghai airport valuation is expected to be more consistent than the shares and shares of the Beijing capital airport.
But the current market consensus is based on the rent agreement that has been adjusted at Shanghai Airport, while the capital, White Cloud and the airport have made profit predictions in the face of the reality that has not been adjusted. We suggest that there is a possibility of re-negotiating in accordance with the usual business logic in the course of a significant recovery of international passenger flows, and that there is room in the current terms for revisiting the conversation, so Shanghai Airport should remain in place.
The Hong Kong dollar, with the remaining currency units, is the renminbi, and on May 26, 2022, 1 Hong Kong dollar = 0.86 yuan The risk of repeated internal and international epidemics affecting the population’s willingness to travel: the unexpected outbreak and the government’s response to the epidemic
Macroeconomic risk: shrinking economic demand and a weakening of expectations may have a negative impact on the company’s production operations. Risk of competition with other modes of transport: competition with other modes of transport, especially high iron, may demand air transport
The three main financial forecasts for Shanghai Airport, the currency units of which are the renminbi and the East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared for the Securities Investment Advisory Board.