Construction in China (601668) Construction in China (60168.sh) recently released a January-October business brief: the company performed well in 2022. The company’s operating income increased by 14.8% in the first three quarters of the year, compared to the first half of the year.
\triangleright increase by 1.6 percentage points to 76.1 per cent of annual budget targets; net profit on parent as compared with 15.0 per cent and 3.8 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year; net profit on deduction of non-retrogent as compared with increase on year
The loss of corporate assets and credit impairments has improved over the first half of the year, and the impairments have decreased.
The following business figures have maintained a relatively good growth, reflecting a robust and resilient company, a steady rise in the rate of Maori in capital construction, and an overall control of the rate.
Increases of 0.3 and 0.7 percentage points, respectively. Corporate fees, with the exception of financial costs, have been properly controlled in the previous three quarters, with higher financial costs compared to the previous three quarters due to interest costs and bright corporate capital orders, improved structure and market dominance in the context of the complex external environment
One hundred million yuan, or 8.8 per cent more than the previous year, of which the number of new contracts in the residential sector has decreased over the same period, but the negative impact of the down-turning of the property cycle has been constantly being addressed in areas such as industrial plants and educational facilities, where the value of new contracts in the industrial sector has increased by 96.6 per cent compared to the 96.6 per cent in the same year.
Significant development of the manufacturing landscape; benefits from new contracts in the field of educational facilities for short-line projects amounting to $115.4 billion, an increase of 48.0% over the same period.
More robustly, this year, the maintenance of orders in complex external environments has expanded considerably and has spread across the various areas of infrastructure, with new contracts in the municipal road sector amounting to $117.2 billion, or 48.5 per cent more than the previous year; new contracts in the orbital transport sector amounting to $69.8 billion, or 47.6 per cent more than the previous year; and new contracts in the road sector.
Contracts of $67.6 billion, an increase of 83.5 per cent; new contracts of 46.8 billion in the field of eco-environmental protection.
In the first three quarters of 2022, real estate had a contract sales value of $272.5 billion, cindasecuritiesco.ltd had a 9.3 per cent decline over the same period; there was an additional 9.22 million square metres of land reserve and an end-of-period land reserve.
In Beijing, there are 91.6 million square metres of the 9th Palace Building on the west corner of the city. 56 new land acquisitions were made in the three quarters before birth in Central Haiti and China, with an additional land reserve of 9.22 million square metres, concentrated mainly in the first-line and strong second-line cities, in the north.
Markets such as Kyoto, Shanghai, Jinan and Singapore have access to a number of high-quality plots; companies have access to high-quality industries, receiving and buying, and investing more than $10 billion in M & A in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu.
\triangleright Real Estate Development Investment) is on track to maintain a higher level of funding, project construction is expected to accelerate, capital investment is expected to remain high throughout the year, coupled with robust corporate business development and high orders
Third, he worked on Pacific securities, civil securities, building materials, and new materials, and he was good at finding breakthroughs in data and industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.