Performance improved robustly, and capital orders grew rapidly in China (601668.sh). The company issued a three-monthly report in 2022. The company was collected during the reporting period.
At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s Māori rate was 9.81%, a decrease of 0.8 pct. The net interest rate was 3.72%.
Companies take full advantage of the whole industry chain layout, actively integrate and serve the national strategy, take full advantage of the dominant industry, capture major national and local works, maintain a high rate of growth in new signings, and move ahead successfully with engineering projects.
Newly signed contracts grew 11.2 per cent over the same period and were full of hand orders. At the end of the reporting period, the Consortium had signed new contracts totalling 2,726.7 billion yuan, or 11.2 per cent over the same period, of which 2,454.3 billion yuan, or 14 per cent over the same period, had been awarded for construction operations.
The new contract for the construction of the building business was 177.75 billion yuan, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the same period; the new contract for the construction of the capital was 667.5 billion yuan, an increase of 30.9 per cent over the same period; and the new contract for the survey of the design of the construction operation.
The China Eco-Environment Group, which is owned by the Gold Acquisition Innovative Investment Company Ltd., has a limited stake of 100%. The acquisition of an eco-environment equity is conducive to regulating and reducing company-connected transactions, while at the same time effectively empowering the company's eco-environmental operations.
The company announces the creation of the China-China Initiative, which is designed to be registered, with a capital of $15 billion, and is positioned as a corporate innovation industry group, focusing on "two carbons."
And in the digital economy, maintaining a market-based, industrial-oriented approach, with the development of “special” and “high-precision” enterprises as important pathways for achieving the core technology self-control, the creation of well-known brands as a basic requirement, and the creation of original technology sources.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.