Shanghai Airport (60.009): Shanghai Airport is well-reported. 834 million won in the first quarter of the second quarter of the year and 466 million won in the mother's net profit.
and passengers providing ground security services, operating leased flights within airports, significant reductions in aviation revenues, lower corporate aircraft landings in the first half of the year compared to the same period
45.6 per cent, resulting in a 43 per cent drop in revenues from the same flight; and 68.1 per cent drop in passenger throughput from the same time, leading to trade: advertising operations, freight forwarders, agency customs declarations, proxy passenger and mail revenue, which decreased by 70.4 per cent in the first half of the year compared with the same period last year.
The “Five Ones” policy has had a significant impact on the recognition of tax-exempt income: tax-exempt income is important to the company.
The implementation of the “Five Ones” policy has led to a decline of more than 98% in the international passenger ratio in the second quarter, making it difficult to carry out tax-exempt sales in airports, which in turn has a clear impact on the way companies recognize tax-exempt income.
The recognition of tax-exempt income in the second quarter did not take into account the factor that led to a significant decrease in revenue over the first quarter, which was a major reason why companies could maintain a profit in the first quarter but then turn into a loss in the second quarter. The Chinese side similarly confirmed large amounts of other payables on the precautionary principle.
Further consultations between the two sides are pending, and the impact of the launch of the satellite office has gradually faded in the second half of the year: 30.2 per cent (an increase of $735 million) in the first half of the year in relation to the cost of company operations, the main ones being the depreciation amortization.
The significant increase in costs is mainly due to the heavy rigid costs associated with the launch of the satellite office, which, in our view, is long enough to meet expectations, and which became operational in the third quarter of last year, the impact will gradually fade in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, 96 million yuan (US$ 224 million over the same period) was recognized as a positive investment gain, and 16 million yuan (US$ 270 million over the same period) was recognized as an investment gain.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Shanghai Airport (60009): The report fully reflects pessimistic expectations and focuses on the subsequent upturn in performance.
Profit predictions and ratings: Shanghai Airport’s greatest advantage is the high proportion of international routes and the resultant high tax-exempt revenues, which make it the country’s most affected by the spread of overseas epidemics. With the overseas epidemic not yet under full control, we have reduced the profit forecast this year.
Although the company’s performance in 2020 was inevitable, the industry’s latent period was over, with the rapid recovery of the domestic route significantly easing the pressure on the company’s operations, while the introduction of the new crown vaccine would lead to a recovery of the international line, when the company’s performance would rise rapidly. The epidemic would not change the fact that Shanghai Airport is the country’s largest international aviation hub, so maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shanghai Airport (60.009): The report fully reflects pessimistic expectations and focuses on the subsequent upturn in performance.
Master ' s in Finance Mathematics, University of Gangan, three years of experience in investment studies, employment in Broadbond securities, 2015-2018, and introduction to the Trade and Transport Industry, 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The report fully reflects pessimistic expectations and does not guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.