The Sini San Airport (60009.sh)
In the first half of 2020, the new coronary affected the civil aviation industry \triangleright.
On a larger scale, 31,911 million kilometres of total transport were completed across industry, 150 million passengers were transported, 2.997 million tons were transported by mail, 50.8 per cent, 45.8 per cent and 85.2 per cent of the same period last year, and 1,39061 aircraft flights were completed at Pudong airport, resulting in 1,221.22 million passenger throughputs, respectively.
The volume of mail-to-mail traffic was 1,791 million tons, or 45.59 per cent, 68.05 per cent and 0.42 per cent, respectively. The lower number of flights resulted in a decrease in the revenues associated with the flights and a significant decrease in passenger traffic, resulting in a significant reduction in revenues, such as those related to commercial catering, and a significant negative impact on the company ' s aviation and non-aerial operations
Highest/lowest in the year: Increased costs, lower profitability. In the first half of 2020, the cost of the company increased significantly, and the public sector was under pressure, mainly because of a portion of the cost of the company, including labour, depreciation.
Sex spending, while the new coronary epidemic has increased its spending on disease prevention and control, adding up to the third phase of the build-up of the airport: 30 June 2020, when the main project project project became operational. 2020h1, the company’s operating costs were 3,172 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
On the one hand, according to corporate announcements, domestic aircraft landings and passenger throughput have continued to be repaired since the second quarter of 2020, and in July, domestic aircraft landings and passenger throughput have been reduced by a similar margin.
On the other hand, since the implementation of the “Five Ones” policy, there has been a sharp drop in international flights, a slow recovery in both corporate international aircraft movements and international passenger throughput, and short-term projections for significant repairs, and international routes are expected to be marginal as policy liberalization and vaccine development move forward.
In the short term, there has been a significant drop in passenger traffic abroad, which has had a significant negative impact on corporate tax-exempt operations and other related revenues. In the long term, one is the 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Avenue, Taiwon City.
Air hubs, superior geographical location and rich market resources have been set aside for large amounts of passenger flow resources, and it is expected that the airport aircraft will fly and travel as the global situation improves with the arrival of the global epidemic.
7th floor of the inter-centre, a recovery in passenger throughput, and the company has now implemented “Regionalized Management + Specialized Support + oc Ping Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.”
Operation model: Pudong Airport has been integrated into the operation of the Space Station Plus Satellite Hall, which has made it possible to improve the quality of the operational services at Pudong Airport as a whole, thereby attracting more passenger traffic, leading to an increase in non-aerial income, especially tax-free business, and corporate activity.
Pudong, as an important aviation hub, has an excellent geographical location and rich market capital \triangleright, while the use of satellite halls and good operating models are expected to attract more visitors for the company.
The Division contributes to an increase in performance with long-term certainty and long-term investment values of the company, with expected macroeconomic downsides; substantial adjustments in industrial policies; tax-exempt operations less than expected; domestic tax-exempt \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or observations in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.