The worst-performing point has passed, awaiting the progress of the non-aeronautical tax-exempt negotiations.
As a result of the continuing “five ones” policy of the Civil Aviation Authority q2 on international routes, the company's operational data for the second quarter have improved month by month, but the international passenger route has remained at near standstill. Of these, the q2 company as a whole has flown 6,41,000 sorties, a 50 per cent drop compared to the same period, the international line 27,000 sorties, a 56 per cent drop compared to the same period, and the overall passenger throughput 4,140,000 times, a 79 per cent decline compared to the same period,
The company’s tax-exempt rental income for the first half of the year is based on the precautionary principle, with a provisional deduction of $750 million, and the revenue is still subject to consultations between the company and the China-China Group at the end of the year, resulting in greater uncertainty about the revenue for the year. Cost rigidity is difficult to reduce further, and investment returns fall with operational data.
Corporate q2 operating costs are 1.55 billion yuan, a 36 per cent increase in the same year, and ring q1 is a reduction of $70 million. Of this, the same cost increases are mainly due to the fact that satellite office depreciation began entering costs at the end of the third quarter of last year. Part of the decline in the ring is expected to be mainly related to the company’s best effort to save unnecessary costs, but space is limited by the rigid nature of the airport’s cost structure.
In the first half of the year, investment benefits fell by 66%, with companies losing $100 million, advertisers making $92 million, and oil companies making $52 million. This should be 186, 29, and 24 times higher. We believe that Shanghai airport benefits its special location conditions, and that the long-term value will not be the result of a loss.
The short-term epidemic has led to changes, the build-up of foreign consumption returns from the AAC duty-free operations, and improved operational capacity of duty-free operators, which are expected to repair rapidly once residents’ mobility needs have recovered, driven by cost rigidity, and maintain a “recommended” rating.
1. Shanghai Airport (60009): Due to the stress of the epidemic, rent 2. Shanghai Airport (60009): Airline is engaged in equity investment while waiting for deployment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.