Using the friendly network (600588.sh) computer/computer applications, the industrial Internet opens up new opportunities for growth and re-engineering — the industrial Internet and smart manufacturing of it series II.
The strategy "Soft + Cloud Services + Finance" has continued, and corporate competitive advantages stand out.
There is a 70.6% increase in cloud services in the same year, a combination of national will and industrial needs, and policies that drive companies up to the top of the river.
The year saw the creation of 10 or so national industrial Internet platforms, and the provinces of Zhe, Su, Lu, and Pfei proposed a “business cloud” with clear numbers. In February 2018, a task force on the industrial Internet was considered by the National Leadership Group on Building Strong Countries and decided to set up a special working group on the industrial Internet under the National Leadership Group on Building Strong Countries.
(ii) The important context of the business boom: three issues of the gold tax are fully on the line, and the regulatory firms are tax evasion throughout the year. (3) Industrial demand: the dt era, the digital transformation of cloud computing support enterprises, (4) the international revelation of the business boom: success stories are in sight, saps and so forth have set the standard.
The year 2018 was a crucial year for the emergence of the Internet for beneficiary industries: (1) the emergence of the Internet for industrial industries, accelerating the upgrading of manufacturing transformations. (2) the use of friends as industry leaders, with four main advantages: customers, platforms, technologies, applications. (3) the use of the Internet to fully cover the needs of firms.
Building integrated smart-making solutions using friendly industry Internet platforms. (4) Provincial cooperation accelerates the growth of business, a critical year for corporate cloud business in 2018.
Corporate financial services include business payments, Internet finance, supply chain finance, etc., forming four main product lines; working closely with the Central Bank, business banks. Catalysts: faster business upswings; new policies for industrial Internet; policy acceleration
In association with the United States of America, we're building a digital economy for new companies, holding the stockholder, the insurance broker, the financial services business map, and working with Zhejiang Province's strategy to help the company get on top of it.
(a) Provincial cooperation to accelerate landings and build industrial cloud platforms in Hubei Province to help promote further consolidation of corporate erp leadership and steady growth of software operations;
The rapid growth in demand for corporate cloud services and the expected further improvement in the penetration rate of firms are expected; 3. Financial operations of corporate enterprises remain robust; 1. Some market views suggest that it is difficult for companies to grow in their traditional business.
In our analysis, the company is the leader of domestic management software and has a significant market advantage, benefiting from the growing demand for management information and the support of industrial policies such as epr, the company's traditional software industry.
Our analysis suggests that companies, as leaders in the domestic erp software industry, have four main advantages: customer, platform, technology, and application, and are more sticky with their clients, while benefiting from the country's active promotion of the “business cloud” policy; and that the successful transformation of cloud services by firms such as the foreign sap at the industrial level is a success story for companies.
So, on balance, the company’s transformational cloud computing strategy is likely to succeed. 3. Some market views express a lack of understanding and appreciation of corporate financial operations.
A large number of clients, companies working with banks to explore new models of corporate financial services, to achieve information flows and capital, to speed up business up; to introduce new policies on the industrial Internet; to accelerate policy progress in firms, progress in policies, failure to perform as expected; and to increase competition.
The "Soft + Cloud Services + Finance" strategy continues, with a strong competitive advantage of 1.1. The "Soft + Cloud Services + Finance" strategy continues to advance. The company was established in 1988 and has focused on the business services sector for 30 years.
In the area of enterprise software services, in 1988 a friend sailed from finance software and promoted accounting computing for Chinese enterprises by popularizing financial software applications, an era of 1.0 with friend development; in 1998 he began to enter the area of enterprise management software and services, providing erp software, group management software, human resources for China and the Asia-Pacific region.
Management software, customer relationship management software, small-scale enterprise management software, finance and administrative unit management software, automobile industry management software, tobacco industry management software, internal audit software and services have underpinned the informationization of many Chinese businesses and contributed to the management progress of enterprises, which is the 2.0-year era of development with friends.
In 2016, the company entered the 3.0-year period, and the three main lines of "Software + Cloud Services + Finance" continued to advance.
The software includes solutions for large firms that focus on nc products and the u8+ product line.
Cloud services include cloud platforms, field clouds, industry clouds, and open-air cloud and cloud markets. Financial operations include payment operations, Internet access to finance information services.
Business, supply chain finance, and other financial operations. 1.2. Equity governance structures are well developed, industry clients and strategic partners are wide-ranging, based on information disclosed in the company ' s tri-quarters of 2017, controlling shareholders in Beijing ' s friendship technology and shareholding ratio
28.64 per cent, with Wang Wenking in actual control, figure 2: Corporate equity structure. Corporations are leading domestic enterprise erp software, with a wide range of industry clients and strategic partners. Corporations are the largest in China.
The company’s strategic partners include Alibaba, Dripi, Huayeng, Tetsu, Microsoft, ibm, Peduc, China Mobile, Fujitong, China.
National Telecommunications, Beijing Bank, Business Bank and Merchant Bank, among others, have also been involved in the fast growth of new businesses such as the 2017 National Investment Commission (ICF) connection 1.3, cloud and financial services, with strong competitive advantages The firm's software business has grown steadily and cloud services and financial services have grown rapidly.
Cloud services grew by 70.6 per cent over the year, financial services by 222.4 per cent over the year. Software operations (including private corporate cloud deployment) were traditionally strong. Performance grew steadily over the past two years. As supply-side reforms continued, many of the company ' s industry clients began to integrate and upgrade, large and medium-sized enterprises improved profitability and large enterprises were actively private.
In 2017, the company launched u8cloud for medium-sized enterprises, accelerating the upgrade to the clouds. With the use of cloudy platforms, field clouds, industry clouds, and open-air clouds, the first three quarters of 2017 saw $122 million in revenue, a 70.6 per cent increase in the same year, with Internet promotion and economics.
Development, business financial service scenes, and user-friendly financial services have also made rapid progress, with corporate financial services generating $451 million in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 222.4 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with a client advantage, platform advantage, technology advantage, and application advantage.
More than 3 million clients have been served with Soyuz services, with 60 per cent of the clients of the Soyuz industry and more than a million clients, with more than 10 years of industrial business service practices and related knowledge; 2 platform advantages: The Soyuz platform is a complete systemized Paas cloud platform, while it is an open ecological platform where China already has China.
More than 200 eco-partners, such as telecommunications, Alibaba, Internet access, Microsoft, etc., can provide more than 400 business service products; 3 technological advantages: friends have a strong development design capacity at the software, platform, etc., with corresponding teams; 4 application advantages: friends' experience enables industrial enterprises to achieve business coverage, etc.
Multi-system integration, networking and co-manufacturing solutions, with breakthroughs in industrial Internet technology.
Basic support partners Key technology partners Network communications
Smart warehouse Virtual site terminal
National will and industrial demand are infused with policies that promote corporate growth. National will: From central to local policy, a strong push for Business Up Clouds was made in 2013-2016, with the government actively promoting industrial clouds, starting with Business Up Clouds in 2017.
Between 2013 and 2016, more than 16 provinces and cities nationwide piloted industrial cloud innovation services, and a large number of businesses began to use government-led industrial clouds. At the same time, the extent of coverage of critical applications such as creating clouds, erp clouds, and supply chain clouds is not enough, and the depth of “double integration” needs to be further improved.
According to the information published on February 24, 2018 on the website of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, in follow-up to the guidance of the State Council on the Deepening of the Internet + Advanced Manufacturing Industry Development Industry Internet, and in order to accelerate industrial innovation, the decision was taken at a meeting of the National Leadership Group on Building Power in Manufacturing Countries.
Since 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications has proposed the construction of 10 or so national industrial Internet platforms. Some provinces and cities have indicated that the Ministry will carry out major projects to build 10 industrial Internet sites.
On January 15, 2018, a workshop on economics and informatization in Guangdong Province was held in Guangzhou, where Guangdong will host 2018.
The year saw the first deployment of the industrial Internet. Implementation programmes and support policies were put in place in Guangdong Province to deepen the “Internet + advanced manufacturing” industrial networking.
The focus is on promoting the digitalization, networking and intellectual upgrading of 3,000 industrial enterprises based on industrial Internet platforms, leading to the creation of 60,000 enterprises “on the cloud platform.” Industry and regional pilot demonstrations are being carried out in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Fushan, and Dongguo, four cities, before they are fully implemented.
Development and introduction of an industrial Internet service provider and expansion of an industrial Internet industry ecological resource pool. 17 January 2018, the “Initiation of a demonstration base for the industrial Internet industry in Guangdong Province” was held in Huang Po District, Guangzhou Development Area, marking the deep integration of Guangdong Province into the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy
In Guangdong Province, the layout was piloted in the Huang Po region and the Guangzhou Development Area, with the aim of building a national demonstration base for the industrial Internet industry. The Industrial Internet Big Data Innovation platform is based on the industrial Internet, with large industrial data as a core resource, and serves government decision-making and industrial development as an innovative application to effectively upgrade government.
In January of that year, the Governor of Zhejiang, Tsujiang, on behalf of the Government, presented the Government's Report on the Work of the Government for 2017, which states that the “100000 Business Plan of Action on the Clouds” should be advanced; and in April, the Zhejiang Head Group for Informationization issued a report entitled “Investment in Zhejiang Province”
The Clouds Action Plan (2017) states the overall objective: to create 100,000 more upper cloud companies across the province, to foster 3-5 of the country's leading cloud platform service providers, 10 of the industrial cloud application platforms, 100 of the cloud application service providers, and 100 of the typical pole application cases.
Jiangsu’s “1+30+300 Project” promoted the growth of the manufacturing industry. In early April 2017, Jiangsu worked in depth with the ICS, 300 manufacturing companies, and, in late April, Jiangsu’s ESC and Aliyun announced the launch of the “1+30+300” project at the lucky conference.
In July 2017, the People's Government of Shandong issued a document on the implementation of the National Development Plan (2016)28.
In August, the Economic and Social Council of Shandong Province and the Ministry of Finance organized a workshop on the theme "Incorporated Clouds". In June 2017, the People's Government of Jinan City issued the “Incorporated Clouds” Plan of Action (2017-2019), and plans were made to add 10,000 more companies over three years; in August, the Waves and Jinjin.
In early 2017, the Yunnan provincial government issued the Implementation Programme for Deepening Manufacturing and Internet Integration in Yunnan Province, which clearly states that it is striving to achieve five years of effort to achieve the goal of integrating all SMEs into the Internet.
More than 80 per cent of SMEs in the province have achieved “up-cloud” and promoted higher levels of ICT applications for SMEs. 2.2. Business up-crowding is a key context: three full-scale taxes are on-line, three full-time tax evasion taxes are on-line for companies and individuals, and the risks and risks of tax evasion are on-line throughout the year.
The three-stage tax system is our tax management information system, which is the master name of the project, which has been implemented by the National Tax Office, which has a full tax coverage and is connected to other departments. The three-stage tax system is our tax management information system.
Overall, the overall objective is to establish a “one platform, two-level processing, three coverage, four systems”: a platform for a unified technological base with network hardware and basic software. Two-level processing is based on a unified technology platform, and data information is gradually centralized in the Directorate General and the Provincial Directorates.
Covers all taxes, covers all work links, covers taxes in the country and links them to the relevant sectors. Four systems refer to the gradual development of four application systems, based on a system of administration, external information and decision support, through the reorganization, optimization and regulation of operations.
The three phases are divided into three pilot phases (starting in 2009), the full roll-out phase (2015-2017) and the completion and acceptance phase (2015-2017). The system is now on the line at the provincial and municipal tax offices throughout the country. It is expected that the second phase will be completed by the end of this year.
The three issues of the tax cover corporate and individual tax practices, with companies facing heavy penalties for tax evasion and evasion. In summary, the three phases of the tax went through five accompanying measures (replacement, integration of local tax data; consolidation of five accounts, standardization of external data; bank account classification and payment settlement management; integration of personal property data; and collection abroad
In 2017, we began a three-phase inspection based on taxes, which, according to media reports, is assessed by the Tax Administration on the basis of an early warning, is subject to a refund of the deductible tax and a fine of 0.5 to 5 times the amount of the tax withheld, as well as a 5-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand-per-day tax deduction.
The National Tax Administration, based on three issues of tax revenue, comprehensively regulates corporate and individual tax practices `King II' 2.3, industrial demand: from the age of the int to the dt, the digital transformation of cloud computing support enterprises
Human society is entering the dt era from the int era, and the data-driven new business patterns are bringing about new social transformations. With the advances in big data technology, the expansion of applications, business models, and innovations in governance models in recent years, human society is moving from the int to the dt era, and is becoming increasingly accepted and accepted by all sectors of society.
In terms of efficiency, cloud services such as saas are in operation management, version updating, easy access, business processors.
There are great advantages to traditional software in terms of agility to business needs, the speed with which information is disseminated and transmitted in the Internet age, the ability to quickly reflect business needs of an enterprise, and the rapid replacement of software. In terms of cost factors, in recent years, in the real economy, business management and man-made production have been carried out.
The company’s use of enterprise-level saas services is expected to reduce the management and human costs of its operations. In 2016, the company’s market for cloud services is expected to be $52 billion, and in 2016-2019, a compound increase of more than 30%.
Over the next few years, the market for cloud services will continue to grow at a high rate, with over 30 per cent of the year's returns. The business innovation brought about by the introduction of “business Internetization” by friends is reflected in five areas: customer orientation, and employee orientation.
Powerful, global resource allocation, data-driven, and operational. At the Learning China - Century Success Forum in early 2016, President and CEO of the Friends Network, Wenking pointed out the changes that corporate Internetization has brought to business in five ways: client orientation, workforce mobility, global resource allocation, data-driven operations.
Client orientation: from the original product to the manufacturer to the client-centred organization of the enterprise becomes more flat and transparent.
Recruiting staff, buying materials, marketing commodity services, using the Internet, can be a global source of data-driven replacement of process drivers.
With the help of the Internet, big data, businesses move from delayed to real-time operations 2.4. Business on top of international revelations: success stories, saps, etc., mark-ups, for example, in the United States, where the US business saas market is now mature and has become a salesforce,
Workday, slack, etc. Big saas. Salesforce, established in 1999, has grown into a year and has now become a leader in the area of hrsaas, with a market value of over $22 billion. Slack 's saas platform is on line in 2014, integrating chat groups plus large-scale tool integration plus file integration+harmonization
Searching, fast-tracking and co-organizing the unicorns in the area of saas (valued at $3.8 billion in 2016, oracle, sap, Microsoft, ibm, etc.) continues to advance at the enterprise level by “inheritance + extension” saas. Oracle and sap have accumulated many years of experience in business services such as rp, and in recent years they have been working on cloud planners.
Annual launch of dynamics 4.0 officially entered the area of crmaas, and the product has now developed into adobe, a business-level development path for dynamics Microsoft, including digital media and digital marketing, with primary products including photoshop
The main business and products of Adobe are: a creative cloud of digital media digitalmedia creativeclud (cc short, photoshop, dreamweaver, flash, etc.); 2 digital media documentclud (dc short, main product acrobat); 3 digital marketing.
Figure 23: The main business and product of Adobe acquired the omniture into digital marketing in 2009, launched the marketing cloud, launched in May 2013
In May 2013, Adobe announced a full transformation of Saas: Stop.
For the 2016 fiscal year, the share of subscriptions (saas) in the company's digital media business was 86%.
The share of subscriptions (saas) in marketing operations reached 68%. The saaasization of adobe led to an increase in revenue. On the one hand, the saas customize model reduced the customer dollar, while the original photoshopcs software cost $700 or more; on the other hand, former cs
The software upgrades are usually less frequent for package clients after a one-time purchase of the software, while the same client in the saas model provides a stable subscription income for the company each year. Since the full transformation of the saas business in 2013, the share of the adobe subscriptions has increased year by year, and in 2015
The harvest grew at a rapid rate. From 2010 to 2012, the growth rate of the adobe camp slowed gradually and, following the rollout of the creativecloud and transformation of the saas operations in mid-2013, there was a decline in revenue in 2012 compared to the 2013 and 2014 fiscal years, but the subscription (saas) business grew rapidly, starting in 2015, atadobe
Sap is a global provider of enterprise applications and solutions, based in Germany, serving 86% of the world’s wealth of more than 500 firms. Sap provides solutions to more than 12,700 domestic customers, such as erp, cloud platforms, big data and analysis, crm, and smart manufacturing.
In 2012, based on its own memory data, the company launched the Paas product — the Hana Cloud platform — and acquired electronics with $4.3 billion. In 2012, the company gradually deployed its own saas to the Hana Cloud platform and acquired cloud computing travel management.
In 2015, the company released its s/4hana business package (traditional erp re-engineering version): including cloud computing, preset and blending versions. In 2017, the company's Hana Cloud platform was renamed the Sap Cloud Platform, except for commercial applications.
This will be complemented by a network of goods, an artificial intelligence programme that focuses on user experiences, and chart 28: The transition to cloud computing by sap, which saw a rapid increase in cloud subscriptions and a gradual increase in the share of revenue over the period 2014-2016.
The annual revenue from the operation amounted to €2,993 million, with the share rising to 13.6 per cent.3 The Internet rose in beneficiary industries, the year 2018 was a crucial year for the use of the Soyuz cloud, 3.1 in industry, and accelerated the upgrading of the manufacturing sector.
Provinces and cities have piloted industrial cloud innovation services, and a large number of enterprises have started to use government-led industrial clouds. According to the new windfalls and the China Economic Network, the rate of application of our industrial cloud platform as of January 2017 had reached 35.9 per cent, and according to incomplete statistics, the number of users of industrial cloud platform enterprises exceeded 40,000, 100,000, 100,000 and 10,000, respectively, between 2013 and 2016.
The industrial Internet has accelerated the upgrading of our manufacturing industry and boosted its industrial economy. By the end of the Tenth and Thirty-Five, the industry's market size is going to go beyond the 100 billion mark.
In addition, one of the development objectives of the industrial Internet is to achieve intelligent manufacturing, which will also be to promote the development of sensors, surveillance equipment, automated equipment, etc. when it comes to the production chain.
At present, the industrial Internet is most urgently needed in manufacturing, petrochemicals, electricity, medical care, aviation, orbital transport, etc. Large-scale enterprises and large-scale Chinese enterprises and military-industrial enterprises are starting to deploy the industrial Internet.
With the rapid penetration of the Internet in industry, other industries, both upstream and downstream, to become integrated with the Internet in industry, opportunities for industry will become apparent. With policy and market-driven double-wheels, the country’s industrial Internet is flourishing, and the technology is becoming more mature.
Enterprises from the ict and traditional industrial sectors have accelerated their access to the market to promote industrial development. 3.2, and why are they friends? - Lead customers, platforms, technologies, applications of four main advantages. - Business cloud services such as the friendly industry Internet have customer advantages, platform advantages, technology advantages, and application advantages.
1 client advantage: more than 3 million clients have been served with Soyuz services, with 60 per cent of the clients of the Soyuz industry, more than a million client groups, and more than 10 years of industrial business service practices and related knowledge; 2 platform advantage: Soyuz platform is a complete systemized Paas cloud platform, while at the same time it is an open ecological platform, with soy cloud
There are more than 200 ecological partners, such as China Telecom, Alibaba, Web Easy and Microsoft, that can provide more than 400 business service products; 3 technological advantages: friends have a strong development capacity at the software, platform, etc., with the corresponding team; 4 application advantages: friends' experience enables industrial enterprises to operate.
Coverage, multi-system integration, networking and co-manufacturing solutions, while at the same time technology for industrial goods networking Chart 30: A wide range of partners in the corporate industrial Internet field Building intelligent manufacturing ecology to serve industrial enterprises
On July 8, 2017, the 21st China International Software Fair, co-sponsored by the Ministry of Industry and Informatics and the Beijing City People’s Government, was held at the Beijing Exhibition. Prime Minister MacKay stressed that the national innovation-driven strategy was comprehensive, that popular entrepreneurship and innovation were deepening, and that new and old developments were accelerating, giving new power to the software industry.
Mission and mission. The focus is on upgrading software capabilities, leading to future intelligent change, securing information networks, and accelerating the release of innovation, data and model dividends. 360 President Zhou Hung-hwan, Chairman of Microsoft, and President of Cao Koji, President Wang Wen-kyung, define the world around software.
Artificial intelligence benefits the public, business software, corporate cloud services, and things networking, to give presentations on hotspot issues. Use friendly cloud operations to cover business needs across the board, and use friendly industry Internet platforms to create integrated ideas that can create solutions.
The company’s cloud services are rich in products, including cloud platforms, field clouds, industry clouds, high-speed cloud and cloud markets. Tomonov is used as a brand new product and service model using the friendly 3.0 strategy, positioning the socialized business applications infrastructure and the business services industry’s shared platform, and providing socialized commerce (digitized commerce) and intelligence to enterprises and public organization clients.
Government cloud services, consisting of Paas and saas and integration services with software. Corporate cloud services include: revenue from application services, operating services, data and information services, platform trading revenue (including share), revenue from promotion of third-party plant applications and other value-added services.
The growth of cloud services began in 2015, with a significant increase in cloud service revenues and the number of users. Chart 31: The use of friendly cloud business layouts, the use of friend iuap to build open, co-build, enabler, multi-winner cloud platforms, is the National Development and Reform Commission's “interconnection”
The cloud platform iuap provides the development, operation, wiring, base-line data and application services necessary for business innovation, helps developers to quickly construct business applications for specific areas or industries, and helps developers, partners and partners to continue to roll out the most favoured business clients based on a capacity-based extended architecture and a data-based operating approach.
In 2016, the National Development and Reform Commission's “Internet+” major engineering project supported by iuap is a major engineering project for China's autonomous Internet Open Platform developed by China, using friends in the field of Internet technology Chart 34: Build cloud ecology with friends based on the iuap cloud platform
The company’s cloud services cover customer needs from two dimensions: field and industry. The company’s cloud services cover the user’s needs from two dimensions: business and industry, and adequately cover the client’s needs. Among these, they include financial clouds, human cloud, procurement cloud, marketing cloud, cloud coordination, electronic invoicing, cloud communications, etc.
Clouds include industrial cloud, building cloud, car cloud, financial cloud, energy cloud, financial cloud, catering cloud, etc. Services are available to industry users, including Paas, saas, daas (storage and services). “Industrial Internet platform” is an extension of the Industrial Cloud platform.
The book, “Industrial Internet Platforms”, an iterative upgrade of traditional industrial cloud platforms, essentially built on the foundation of traditional cloud platforms and built on emerging technologies such as accusatorial networking, big data, artificial intelligence to build more accurate, real-time, efficient numbers, collection systems, enabling platforms that include storage, integration, access, analysis, management functions, and industry.
Technology, experience, knowledge modelling, softwareization, reuse, in the form of industrial apps, innovative applications for manufacturing enterprises of all kinds, resulting in a resource-rich, multi-participating, collaborative and synergistic evolution of the manufacturing ecology. August 2017, an industrial cloud-upgrading product, the Industrial Internet Platform, was launched by friends.
In August 2017, the company released the AAI Internet platform, “Smart”, and made a breakthrough in the Industrial Networking (iot), building an integrated, factor-covering, holistic solution for intelligent manufacturing. The AAI Networking Platform has three inner cores, namely individualization, networking synergies, and design manufacturing integration.
The basic platform iuap, which builds smart-connected smart factories, connects up to the corporate smart management system, links up and down with the industrial chain, and eventually brings together all of the company’s data to achieve smart analysis and decision-making. The company’s software and hardware integrated smart manufacturing solution, based on a “smart” platform, builds a five-storey architecture.
Based on the smart industry Internet platform, a five-storey architecture of flexible and integrated smart manufacturing solutions has been built, including production sites, basic platforms, smart factories, smart management, industrial interconnections, and smart decision-making. At the practical level, friends have Tianxi Group, Space Academy, Big Motors, Xuyang Chemical Industries, Wan and New Electrics, and China Dragons.
The friendly industry Internet platform is based on industrial cloud, building up the design cloud, making the cloud, making the service cloud.
Cloud platforms can be adapted to common communications protocols in industry, multi-brand digital control systems and plc controllers, real-time collection of equipment, various types of data and completion of data cleansing, standardized conversion and storage, and easy access to business systems such as erp, mes.
Provincial cooperation has accelerated the promotion of corporate clouds, the year 2018 being the key year for corporate cloud business.
Under the framework agreement for strategic cooperation between Jiangxi and the company, Jiangxi Province will build the 1+x corporate cloud service platform in Jiangxi Province based on Yuyun. Of these, “1” is the cloud service platform for an enterprise larger than Jiangxi Province, which is an integrated service platform based on cloud architecture and based on the principle of intensification.
This will enable the digital transformation of traditional enterprises in Jiangxi Province. The Jiangxi Business Cloud Service platform will manage the operations of the host business with the government, social public services, connecting more than 12,000 industrial enterprises of the size of Jiangxi Province.
0.6 million service enterprises supporting business operations and synergies to create a three-pronged social business platform for government, business, public services.
On December 8th, a demonstration model for digital transformation was released with the official Weibo public: the Hubei Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Hubei province network, which will work together to build the Hubei province industrial cloud (friendship) platform. According to the agreement, the Hubei province industrial cloud (friendship) platform will help build the unified Hubei province industrial cloud (friendship) platform and provide relevant information to the Hubei local business community.
The platform will provide high-quality information services for enterprises in Hubei, while promoting “one-stop” information cloud applications for small and medium-sized enterprises, of which more than 2,000 are industrial enterprises, contributing to the construction of the Hubei Province “One-stop cloud” project. This collaboration will be based on priority industries and priority enterprises.
The platform will enable the selection of 20 business groups and backbone enterprises in the areas of machinery, automobiles, electronics, petrochemicals, steel and other industries in Hubei Province in 2018, with a view to promoting a coordinated design of the network, innovation in the Internet-based supply chain management model and eventually promoting production and production in Hubei Province.
In December 2017, the company and the Zhejiang Economic Commission for Information will form the "Afriendship Business Utility Alliance" to create 100 model companies. At the Fourth World Internet Congress, in December 2017, the Friends Network participated in the signing of a major Internet project for the "Singing the Hot Land" - the Internet Entrepreneurship Innovation Project in Zhejiang Province.
A strategic cooperation agreement with the Zhejiang Economics and Informatization Work Committee will be signed. The Friends Network will continue to deepen the process of integration with the Zhejiang Economics and Communications Committee, building 100 pilot companies for dual integration.
Continuing to expand the conglomerates, enhancing the support of manufacturing and Internet integration, and providing better services to companies on top of the clouds. In addition, friends’ networks will build smart manufacturing bases in Zhejiang, promote manufacturing and Internet integration applications, develop smart manufacturing, and promote the upgrading of local industries and the cloudization of manufacturing enterprises.
The year 2018 will be fully upgraded to provide digital and intelligent services to digitally emerging and traditional enterprises. In 2018, at an ecological conference, a development plan will be issued by friends, and in 2018 more than $100 million will be generated from the sale of products and services by a partner in Soyun City.
With full cooperation with ecological partners, the business services industry will flourish, becoming a new engine of digital economy, intelligent social development. At the same time, as cooperation with local governments deepens, corporate growth continues, and policy is on the ground, it is our analysis that 2018 will be the key to corporate cloud business development.
Figure 40: 2018 Launched and launched by the Left Eco-Partners Conference4 Financial operations as part of the corporate business environment, integrating information and financial flows 4.1 Financial services including corporate payments, Internet finance, supply chain finance, etc.
As of 30 September 2017, the company’s financial services include, inter alia, payment operations (the holding company has third-party support).
Payment of license plates, (2) Internet access to information services and supply chains for micro-businesses and individuals Financial services (System 2017 online). In the first three quarters of 2017, payments by friends and Internet investment Financial information services continued to grow at a high rate. In the third quarter of 2017, corporate financial services became operational.
The current income is US$ 450,537,765, an increase of 222.4% over the same period.
FMC: Aggregation of payments through a single access to complete online and offline channels to support mainstream payment methods, including quick payments, poss, Internet-based cash payments; company-based new generation of billing systems in the first half of 2017 to distribute money for small groups of micro-celebs to client-based products; Silver Consolidated Services to address clients
In the first three quarters of 2017, the company actively promoted the development of the business, and the network has now been announced. In the first three quarters of 2017, the company paid the amount of its business transaction to complete the 1990 figure 41: Free payment to provide aggregate payment, etc.
For the third year in a row, the company's Internet finance platform, “The New Financial Industry of China 50” (FUNI), broke 100 million yuan on December 24th, and in July 2015, the FUNI platform broke 20 billion yuan in August of the year.
According to the company’s network of officials, the banking cooperation agencies of the Institute include, inter alia, the Bank of Beijing and the Bank of Shanghai. The cumulative sum of the business in the first three quarters of 2017 was $21.7 billion, with the addition of the sum of the sum in question.
Supply chain finance went online in 2017, providing financing solutions for a wide range of industry SMEs clients: Corporate supply chain finance completed system go-lives in the first three quarters of 2017, connecting with a friend-to-user medical service, a friend-to-peer system such as Soy Young-seok, u-ordering, a corridor bank,
The system of external friends, such as Jinjing Lodge, has been connected and has achieved first single-line lending. A range of financial products, such as a friend's response chain, provide financial services to SMEs up and down the supply chain, connect to business information systems and financial institutions, and have been fast-suffering, cars, energy, power suppliers, supermarkets.
4.2, 4 series of appliance services for financial enterprises and enterprises, and with Chinese and Chinese banks, businesses and businesses, using the concept of “value of financial science and technology” as the basis for four series of appliance products that enable Chinese finance.
Enterprises and corporate financial users. After entering the 3.0-year period, the company uses the concept of “value of financial science and technology” as a model for the four main application products series of the platform plus applications plus operations of the financial business platform +v (management series), c (business series), i (coated application series), s (service series).
In late 2017, the company’s first shareholder, the China-Kiwan Bank, began operating in close cooperation with its friends’ finance. The Beijing-Kiwan Bank is the first private bank in Beijing, the country’s thirteenth approved bank, and a registered capital contract.
With friends as the first major shareholder in the business (29.80% of the shares), the group seeks to make it an “open eco-technology and innovation niche bank” that will lead to future trends in science and technology financial integration services. Beijing, June 2017.
In July, the Bank of China and China officially opened a pilot operation. In the course of the implementation of the “Man, Money, Property, Taxes, General Accounts” system, the Bank of China and China combines friendly finance with the Bank's overall information-building requirements and detailed business needs.
In closer cooperation with the industry, the systems of both parties are embedded in each other, they attract each other, companies will provide business services to the industry, innovations and upgrades, and the integration of information flows with financial flows is expected to accelerate data realization.
On November 24, 2017, the Friends Network signed a Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the Chinese Bank of Commerce and Industry.
Industrial banks now offer a wide range of financial products and services to 5.784 million corporate clients and 530 million individual clients worldwide, actively embracing financial technology. Both aim at their own large and medium-sized business owners, based on business scenes, helping them access information and capital flows, and working together to build a micro-enterprise.
:: Station-based cloud services and financial services: progress in firms, progress in policies, failure to perform as expected; increased competition