A friend network, strategic transition 3.0, corporate Internet leadership rises on the 29th of the year 2018.
Business services are entering a new era of interconnectivity, with a 3.0 step-by-step strategic transformation. Business in the development phase of direct value creation will facilitate the formation of a new business model that will break down the previously closed boundaries and business elements of an enterprise and create a new demand for business management.
And with the new demands on businessit systems, the corresponding management software changes from an information architecture to an Internet-based architecture, and business services will enter a new era of clouding interconnection. At the same time, higher labour costs and rising consumption push firms to pay for information, and the nation to build a digital economy at the top.
In this context, a two-step strategic transition of 3.0:1 using a friend network to a cloud service company would not only open up new market space, but also lay first.
Two steps to transform the base; two, cloud services are turning to big corporate data to open up value-added business. Business’s Internet boom, the financial indicator validation cut-off point has come to an end. Markets are empty when considering the use of cloud products by enterprises with annual collections of more than 10 million people, at a service cost of 50,000 yuan per year.
With hundreds of billions of dollars, the future market space will be opened up with the number of firms and the price of their customers. With high R & D inputs, good government channels, a paas platform, and a corporate services ecology, it is clear that it is likely to lead to cloud-era business connectivity.
Following the release of heavy cloud products for large, medium and small microenterprises, the best cloud products were created1 and the network of friends: working together with the North and the Hubei Provinces to promote labour systems, and the adoption of extension models such as provincial cooperation, core business initiatives and others to speed up business growth.
Business Clouds platform, provincial cooperation model is expected to accelerate. Currently, a number of financial indicators, such as per capita revenue, management and sales cost rates, are ongoing.
This improvement augurs well for the company's past peak in R & D investment, and the platform effect of the growth of new business cooperation and the construction of a “business cloud service and finance” begins with the prospect of sustained high and resilient growth in net profits.
The company, as a domestic network of friends, is a leading manufacturer of multiple financial indicators to validate the erp software, and is expected to become a leading firm in the cloud age, with the b-end.
Input points have passed, new products are being released, data are being compiled on the platform, and the card position is being highlighted. The company is now systematizing its financial license plates, while working with partners such as banks and businesses to explore pilot services such as corporate finance, and to close them down.
4. Alumni networks: The upward trend in income acceleration, the firm ' s Internet platform strategy is steady, corporate data is expected to open up value-added operations such as finance.
5. Friends network: entering human resources clothing Clouds and financial services operations differ significantly from traditional business in terms of stage of development and profit patterns, business performance and improvement of the corporate service biosphere
About 20 times a year. Corporate clouds and financial services are growing, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.1 Business services enter a new era of cloudization, with two-step strategy clear, 1.1 technology and business upgrading driving business informatization into a new era of cloud connectivity.
1.1.1 Technological and business upgrading calls for new corporate information management Businessit is entering a 3.0 development phase of direct value creation.For enterprises, it has traditionally played a largely cost-cutting and efficiency-enhancing role, is in a position of instruments and has a major impact on enterprises.
A large number of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) can only thrive because of the millions in which the system is moving. With the spread of cloud computing, SMEs can quickly access the latest IT technology and state-of-the-art management concepts and embrace the digitally driven economy quickly through flexible leasing.
The growth of mobile Internet, big data, artificial intelligence, etc. The emergence of new and innovative business patterns and profit models, the impact of information technology on enterprises, the entry into strategic decision-making, not only to reduce efficiency gains to solve business problems, but also to create direct prices.
Values have become a central driver of business growth, and the technology has become a direct driver of the digital economy. It is a technology upgrade that drives the formation of new business models. Successful applications of new-generation technologies such as mobile Internet, cloud computing, large amounts of data, and network of things, as well as new basic techniques such as artificial intelligence, block chains, etc.
The advent of technology implies the upgrading of basic IT technology, which in turn drives the emergence of a new business model. Specifically, for enterprises, which used to focus on intra-firm management and now extends to inter-firm linkages, the new model will expand the boundaries of enterprises and thus create an eco-economy: for businesses, past operations.
The perspective focuses only on enterprise upstream and downstream relationships and now extends to direct attention to end-user demand, moving from producer-led b2c to consumer-led c2b. For business employees, in the past, only part of the business was involved in the business income-generating process and is now moving to a social economy era in which the business is fully involved.