We're in the middle of a big fund. Pioneer, German capital, what's going on? This year, Apple's series of products don't show much light, but airpods are certainly another blowout in Apple history. I'm here today.
The company that's going to be doing financial modelling is providing apples with the noor flash chips needed in the airpods. Apples and semiconductor radials. In this case, stock prices have risen all the way since the start-up board was listed. The name of the company, which recovered before August 2016, is an easy innovation, and the country's noor flash chip flagship.
The net profit is 175 million yuan, 398 million yuan, 404 million yuan and 449 million yuan, respectively, and the net cash flow of operating activities is split between large State funds and large numbers of foreign investors, such as the Pioneer Group, the International Asset Management Group, and the German Asset Management.
On 20th of the day, three semiconductor companies of Top Technology, National Science and Technology, and MicroMigre Innovation issued an announcement stating that the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, Inc. (“Big Fund”), was scheduled to lose no more than its shares within three months of the 15 transactions.
One percent of total equity. The average drop in the opening of three announced companies on Monday was about -7 percent, while the semiconductor board. The National Fund was established in September 2014 with a registered capital of 98.720 billion yuan and a total investment period of 15 years, divided into investments.
1) The global storage chip market has been oligopolistic, with cr5 as high as 90%, and in the future, can this case move up in the area of storage chips, from low-tech noor flash chips to higher-tech barriers and larger-scale dram memory chips?
In this case, the neor flash chip of the M.O.I. Camp, which accounts for only 1% of the total storage chip market, has been shrinking for years, so how will the market demand for nor flashes change in the future?
The area stores the value modelling logic of the chip design enterprise. The semiconductor industrial chain is related to it. We also study the cumulative power, Texas instruments, neo-tech, China Micro, Asma, etc., purchase and purchase the “core product number two: a science concept report” of the elite team, obtain the in-depth reports and some of the priority case Excel modelling tables.
As the amount of information in society grows rapidly, the storage chip becomes the main force in the growing market for integrated circuit chips. And the history of the storage chip is that it evolves around both dimensions of capacity and cost. In the early stages of a microcomputer, the information is burned in a special way, so that once saved, it cannot be changed, and it cannot be reused. This leads to its price.
In 1979, Intel invented the world's first programmable and scrubble memory, eeprom, which significantly reduced the cost of storage because of repeatable rubbing and writing features.
Weaknesses, invented a block-based read-writing memory-nor flash memory. In 1989, Japanese Yokot developed a Nand flash memory, which significantly reduced the cost of manufacturing because of the small size of the storage unit. Currently, the market is dominated by these two flash chips. Nokia, motorcycles, 2007.
Laura's mobile phone represents a functional age where data storage requirements are low and noorflash is widely used. In 2008, with Apple's introduction of iphone 3g, the smart machine era started, various applications of running logarithms were gradually raised, and noor was gradually replaced by Nand because of low capacity and high costs.
The collapse, the gradual exit of the international giants of Samsung, Light Technology, cypress, etc., from the noor market. In 2017, with smartphones starting to use amoled screens and full screens on a massive scale, and the rise of tws-for-brand products, the noor flash market has erupted again.
Micro-Innovation, founded in 2005 (Beyond Beijing Cyclops and MicroTechs Ltd. until 2010), started with Chu Iming, Qinghua graduation, United States studies, Silicon Valley entrepreneurship, and saw the domestic storage chip industry remain blank. In 2005, with the investment of Qinghua alumni and experienced entrepreneurial members, home was a sign of the creation of a dedicated storage chip design.
By the second quarter of 2019, the net flash market share had been concentrated in several companies, such as China, Taiwan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The main products are noor flash chips, microcontrols, sensors chips, etc., which are in the following areas: mobile terminals, consumer electronics, object network terminals, pc, etc.
Communications equipment, medical equipment, office equipment, auto electronics, industrial control equipment, etc. From 2016 to the third quarter of 2019, the annual quarterly reports increased their operating income by 28.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis and net profit by 22.42 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In terms of income structure, 81.8 per cent of their receipts came from storage chips, 18.01 per cent from microcontrols and 2 per cent from design services.
Storage chip operations - consisting mainly of noor flash chip, which is a non-lossible memory that allows the procession and reprogramming of memory blocks, mainly for the storage of codes and small amounts of data. Microcontrolr operations - (microcontrolunit, mcu) are central processors, storage units, timers/meters
Digitals and multiple interfaces are integrated into a chip, which forms a chip-grade computer. It's called the "brain" of electronics, which handles and calculates data in electronics and can be divided into eight, 16, 32-bit processors, and the higher the number of digits, the stronger the chip. From an industrial chain point of view, this case is in the middle of the chip industry chain, and upstream is represented by neo-tech.
Enterprises that provide eda software and ip-authorized services, downstream, are crystal-crystal mills that provide chip manufacturing, and encapsulation testing plants. This case uses the Fables model, where upstream suppliers are more concentrated, including mainly crystal-crystal-crylic-cylinders and sealers such as China C.I., Unilever Electronics, Sunshine Light, etc., about 84% of the top five suppliers by 2018, with a higher concentration.
Households are scattered in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, and the Internet of matter, with the main clients being the Purple Group, the Three Stars, the Huayuan, Apple, etc., accounting for about 32 per cent of the five clients up to 2018.The above industrial chain and business model form the unique financial reporting structure of the case: asset structure — 2018, its assets.
So, there's a net profit of 17.99%. In this case, the financial fundamentals, how do we analyze it? In this case, the historical income gains that are likely to be easy to innovate are high, in 2015 and 2017, respectively. 2015 — because of its Mcu chip success in 2013, the samples are on the market, in 2014 and on land in 2015
Once again, the product’s sale has been phased out, leading to a rapid increase in its overall operating income. In 2017 – influenced by increased demand in the noor flash market and the withdrawal of international giants, such as cypress and Light, from the low-end noor flash market – it seized the opportunity to further expand its market share, with revenue from the storage chip business growing by 32.81 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
To summarize history, the historical income driver can be two things: 1) the microcontrolr of the new product has been successfully developed, and demand has been released; 2) the market share of the chip business in storage has increased. Based on its business income structure, the current revenue driver in this case is mainly from storage chips and mcu products.
In this case, where the nonflash chip of the main business is small and relatively stable in the overall storage chip market, we use market method to forecast: i.e., the revenue from the storage chip business = the size of the noor flash market* the size of the market for the noor flash chip — 2018, the global market size of the entire storage chip is about $158 billion, including about $158 billion.
Four major categories, in order of size and size, are dram chips >nand flash chips >nor flash chips = other chips, with market shares distributed at 58%, 40%, 1%, and 1%. In this case, the net flash market, the main product of the MIG, is only $2.6 billion, or 1% of the total size of the stored chip.
The industry is so small, not because it's small, but because it's technologically heterogeneous. This is not the pattern of the market until 2006. According to the Semico study, in 2006 the net still had global sales of $11 billion, or 18.8 per cent of the entire storage chip market, and since 2007, the market has been shrinking, starting with $11 billion a day.
The reason for the shrinking market share was the emergence of smartphones. In 2007, smartphones appeared, and the size of the city was small. The main function of noor flash was to store codes and parts of the data, usually for a flash market of 1 mb-512m capacity.
On the field, and on the ground, the main function of the Nand flash storage is usually used for the 512mb-16gb, or even higher, capacity market. As the power of the smart cell phone increases the capacity of the data storage, smartphone manufacturers such as the Three Stars gradually use the nadd flash to replace the noor flash chip.
2. High unit cost. The size of the unit is almost half the size of the net flash, the production process is simpler, and the price can be reduced by providing a higher capacity within the given size. The competitive pressure of the entire flash market is derived from the cost of electronics, and all the trends point to a critical unit of excellent cost.
Different, leading to the shrinking size of the noor flash market, the application of which is left only to non-developed countries, or special application needs: the historical picture of the size of the noor flash market, where we divide the noor market into stocks and increment, respectively. First, it looks at the increment. Noorflash market size turns around.
Point, tws wireless headphones, smartphones amoled and tddi are the main drivers. The formula is noor flash chip total market size = stock market size + incremental net total market size.
The technology of amoled screens, and the technology of full-tddi touch screens (tddi touch and display drive modules) must be equipped with a net flash memory, respectively, to increase the panel's permeability and solve the color differentials due to the colour area. Therefore, as amoled and tddi's penetration increases, so will the demand for noor flash chips. According to idc,
From 2019 to 2021, the demand for modules in amoled and tddi is projected to add a net flash market of 760 million yuan, 1.130 million yuan and 1.35 billion yuan, respectively. Second, tws wireless headphones. tws (truewirelessstereo) means "real wireless stereo."
Liner material, so in order to be able to achieve a “second line” of blue teeth, a faster response noor flash, less lead chip waiting time and more efficient operation is needed. Apple launched its first tws wireless headphones in 2016, and based on the results of the leaked decomposition, each airpods will be matched with a high capacity of 128 mmnorflash, which is easily innovative.
Global q3 tws headphones delivered 33 million tons in 2019, and second-quarter sales accounted for 27 million, an increase of 22.22%, and the first three quarters of 2019 saw a total of 77.5 million tws headphones delivered more than in all of 2018. So, tws headphones were sold directly to noor flash demand.
In this case, as also mentioned in investor research, “tws are one of the main drivers of the growth in corporate performance, and this demand continues to grow in the future.” [1] According to idc, from 2019 to 2021, the noor market of aipods was set at US$ 55 million, US$ 120 million, US$ 167 million and the net market of Andre at US$ 100 million, respectively.
US$ 43 million, US$ 71 million. With the exception of the two larger markets for smartphones and tws headphones, iot modules, wearable equipment, car electron, 5g base station, etc., will require noor flash stocks, but the technology in this case will not be able to meet such high capacity as the 5g base station and car electron.
We do not analyse these markets in detail and refer directly to institutional forecasts. On balance, we measure the size of the new market in 2019-2021, at $2.93 billion and $4.665 billion, respectively, and figure: the size of the net market (in billions)
At present, the traditional stock market of the nonflash chip is mainly in the functional field. According to data from 2014 to 2018, the stock market, represented by the functional machine, is slowly declining and is largely bottom-breaking.
Demand has also stabilized, so we assumed during the forecast period that there would be no major changes in the stock market, maintaining the year 2018, and that there was a historical possibility that the noor flash technology could be replaced by a Nand flash. Note, the industry giant, Mignosy, and the technand flashing senior market manager, Lu, said to the east: “Noor flashing will be replaced by nad, the industry believes.
Nand is not fit for code storage as a false idea.” In addition, in 2018, China’s Taiwan-based storage chip, the Chinese Dragonhead, Huabong Power, developed a first high-speed car with a nanoflash chip with a storage capacity higher than that of noorflash, which is expected to replace the traditional noorflash for use in the car market.[2]
In view of this, the modelling assumptions in this case, which are very different from the previous ones, have been dealt with accordingly: shortening the forecast period from 10 years to 10 years.
It's three years, and it's also adjusted in the case of the constant growth scenario. In summary, the M&A assumes that for the next three years, the net flash market will have a market share of $15.680 billion and $17.415 billion, respectively, between 2019 and 2021. It is important to note that, according to the data of the cinnoresearch institutions, the net flash market size will be 18.2 billion in 2018.
Won, based on data from the first three quarters of 2019, estimated the size of the noor flash market to be $15.68 billion, of which the stock noor flash market is declining at a rate of -22%. And benefiting from the increase in sales of the tws wireless headphones has led to an increase in the size of the noor flash market, the size of which will depend largely on the growth market.
The city’s share has changed considerably, and for 2019, we calculated the revenue from the storage operations based on the previous three quarters of the city’s share, while the fourth quarter’s share of the city remained at three quarters. The size of the market has been solved, and we look at the city’s share.
At present, the global pattern of competition in the area of noor flash chips is dominated by magnolia (23%), Wabang (26%), oscillating (18%), cypress (15%), and MiguraTech (7%). From 3.4% in 2012 to 18% in the third quarter of 2019, innovation is now the third largest in the world.
(a) Noor flash suppliers. The gradual increase in the share of the noor flash market, which is easily innovative, is due mainly to two main reasons: 1) the withdrawal of the international giant from the noor flash market;
After 2007, with growing demand for the Nand flash market, the size of the market rising continuously and with limited capacity, manufacturers chose more demand for the market. In 2010, Samsung withdrew from the noor flash zone; in 2016, US Light Technology shut down Singapore ' s 8 inch noor line; in 2017, Cipress announced that
And then, in 2019, there was a significant increase in the volume of Apples, especially Apples2 and AirPodspro, whose product in this case entered the Appletws headphones supply chain.
From 9.6% of q1 in 2019 to 13.9% of q2 and 18% of q3. The withdrawal of the international giants, the emergence of new demand, and how will the city’s share change in the future?
In terms of emerging market layouts, this case is the beneficiary of the tws Bluetooth Headphones chain. According to Western securities, this case is the main supplier of Apples2, cooperation with Apples will continue over the next few years, and the orders of Airpods will boost the company’s performance over a longer period of time.[3]
In terms of production capacity, because of the cyclical nature of storage chips, controllable and sufficient capacity to expand production in a timely manner during a period of cyclical warming, and to quickly seize the market. This case, although it is a workables model, is also an uncertain one: 503.77 million shares, accounting for 1.02% of the total equity of the center core international, tied to 25,000 tablets/month’s noor flash capacity.
Among international manufacturers, the 8-inch medium-to-low-volume noor flashline was discontinued in 2016 and only one 12-inch high-capacity production line is currently retained for the production of noor flash chips for automobile and industrial control, with a monthly capacity of 12,000 pieces/manufacturing months; and a further expansion to 30-33,000 pieces/month is likely to occur in the future in the state of China from a 22,000-month base.
In summary, a number of conclusions can be drawn: (a) in view of the current noor pattern of market competition, international leading firms are emerging from the low-middle-volume noor flash market, leaving a large market share in the case. (b) The more critical location of the industrial chain is the productive capacity, so the center core of the port stock needs to be studied in depth. (c) In this market, the oasis innovation is a domestic dragon.
On the basis of the above analysis, we divide this case into two optimistic, conservative scenarios: optimistic scenarios - in the next three years, based on the product expansion plans of the above-mentioned manufacturers, assuming that the center core international can provide them with 25,000 units per month.
Production capacity, which will increase from the current 18% to 23.36%. Conservatively - considering the fact that this case is a Fabless model, suppliers may not be able to meet their full capacity commitments in the event of a shortage of capacity, and companies such as Wahbong, Wanghong and others continue to expand their low-middle-end noor flash stocks, assuming that this case will remain at its current level for the next three years.
Microcontrol (mcu) in addition to the flash chip core, there are a number of microprocessor operations (mcu), mainly in the areas of industrial control, security surveillance, smart household and object networking. For this operation, we use the acceleration method for forecasting the lack of reliable municipal occupancy data, namely:
Microprocessors’ current year income = prior year’s income* (1+ growth rate). At the historical rate of growth, the performance between 2016 and 2018 was high, while the other part was the 32-digit (bit) high-end mcu product in industrial automation and security surveillance that they launched in 2016, breaking the monopoly of European and American manufacturers.
The higher the number of digits represents the greater the chip data processing capability and the faster the processing speed.
At present, more than 32 digits are used for automobiles, industrial controls, market shares are monopolized by international giants such as the Cars, Industrial Controls, the Caricature Semiconductor, Engjipur, the U.S. Micro-Chrys, English Flyer, Texas instruments, etc., and less than 32 places are used for consumer electronics, smart households, network of goods, etc., and domestic companies are concentrated in this area. In this case, mainstream mcu products can reach 32 digits and are in the domestic domain.
So here's the core question: how does the future growth of this part of the operation be predicted? First, looking at its downstream driving power. 32-digit mcu, whose main applications are smart homes, object networks, etc., which, in terms of the structure of the end product, are used as nuclear parts of the object network, and whose value amounts to 35-45% of the PACT module, is therefore largely subject to the object network and intelligence.
The rapid rise in end-to-end applications, such as smart households, has contributed to the growth of the global consumer network industry, which is expected to reach $2.8 trillion in 2023, with a combined annual growth rate of 20 per cent.
Second, by reference to the historical growth of the same industry's giants. Since the mcu market has been monopolized by the international giants for a long time, the business in this case is now growing more rapidly, but the long-term growth is closer to the industry.
The median increase in business income for mcu enterprises is about 11.20%, and these enterprises are more mature, have a long business history, and have a more stable market share. While the growth rate of operating income fluctuates, the central value of the growth is more pronounced over a long period of time.
More advanced mcu products are being introduced on a continuous basis, thus up to 30 per cent, but the future will also converge with mature European and American firms, combined with downstream terminal and industry comparison analysis, and Merger Merger predicts that, in a short period of time, the growth of the mcu business will not be significantly reduced, given its new roll-out, with the boost of semiconductor cores and the high demand for downstream production.
Soon after, based on the information disclosed, there were no new mcu products on the market during the projection period, so between 2019 and 2021, the semiconductor Mcu business grew 22%. Analysis here shows that the short-term growth prospects in this case, while relatively good, are not very high in the long run.
With clear growth and continuity logic, the probability of restructuring its operations is still high, and the likelihood of M & As is high, and in the future it can be seen whether its new track through M & A will form a new direction. In January 2018, M & As announced that it would be acquiring small amounts of electricity in Shanghai by means of cash and shares.
100% of the shares are paid at a value of 1.7 billion yuan. The transaction price was 1.7 billion yuan on 31 May 2019, which, according to the semi-annual report of 2019 of Vibrant Innovation, resulted in a goodwill of 1,305 million yuan, or 22.57% of the assets, as well as a modest commitment to three years from 2018 to 2020 to the net benefit of the parent company after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses.
Taking into account the fact that Slender started and started in June 2019, the business income impact on MlX innovation was 6 to 12 months, for a total of seven months. Moreover, the size of the acquisition was small, and in the present model, our prediction of Slv was based on performance three, the formula being: average earnings over the next three years = average net profits/net interest rates for the next three years.
Moreover, based on its performance commitments and the net profits already disclosed, its operating income in 2019 was calculated at approximately $815 million; thus, M&A assumed that its operating income remained at $815 million in 2019 during the projection period.The results were limited in credibility, and we cross-checked with it from other angles:
Method IV, the monthly income invertion method – the increase in income in 2019 was reversed by the historical relationship between the median, quarterly, and annual reports. From a stable relationship between the income reported in the last three years and the annual income ratio, the three-quarters accounted for about 74% of the income, which could augur well for the overall spatial measurement, which was more optimistic when the drivers were divided separately.
Once the revenue forecast is complete, we enter the ebidta forecast, which can be broken into four major blocks: cost, R & D, administrative, sales. Note that the above four calibers are depreciated and amortized. 1) First, the cost of one major battalion's operations includes raw materials (81.36%), processing and depreciation (18.6%).
The main reason for the increase in the Māori rate from year to year is the development of new products and applications in the storage business, the optimization of the product structure leading to an increase in gross interest rates and an increase in the share of Māori products in income (from 13.20 per cent to 18.01 per cent).
The level of Māori in the Prasic semiconductor is similar to that in the case of other companies in the industry, which is the Fables model in this case, and which is smaller in terms of depreciation of fixed assets, thus contributing to the overall Māori ratio. In this case, the increase in Māori ratio depends on two aspects: 1) the listing of new products with higher value added. 2) the semiconductor cycle is upward.
The price of storage chips has increased. 1) In this case, the Māori rate for storage chips is 37.04%, the Māori rate for mcu products is 43.72%, and the higher value added industrial-level control microcontrolr was introduced in 2018 by MI. The technical plus value is in descending order from the industrial to the lower: the industrial level > the car electronic level > the consumer electronic level > the remote control level >
2) storage chip prices are more cyclical and tend to cause price fluctuations as demand and supply fluctuates, generally from 3 to 4 years, and the price of storage chip is now at the bottom of the cycle. Grading up to the average Māori rate of its main business product. 2) Management costs (excluding R&D costs) - overheads
This includes employee remuneration, depreciation, business hospitality, amortization of intangible assets, travel, rent and property expenses.
Of this, Wehr shares experienced an increase of 230.55% over the year 2018, as a result of the equity incentive scheme implemented as a result of employee performance appraisals. Leather technology had a higher management cost in 2016 and 2017, as a result of share payments. Taken together, its management cost rate is at a reasonable level and has fluctuated less over the last three years.
The Purchase Proprietary assumes that the administrative cost rate will remain at the average of almost three years during the forecast period. 3) R & D costs - including mainly employee remuneration, depreciation, amortization, professional services, materials, rental fees, testing fees, etc.
Compared to the same industry, the R & D cost rate in this case is at a low industry level, although the R & D cost rate has risen in the last three years, and R & D personnel costs are the main component of their R & D costs, accounting for about 65%. The main business in this case is noor flash chips, but the share of the net flash chip market in the overall storage chip market is only about 1%, and the larger market is about 1%.
This is the point of research, where the progress of these two operations needs to be closely followed.
The cost of sales – mainly employee remuneration, logistics-related costs, travel costs, advertising, professional services, rental costs – is a constant investment in human resources and a longer research and development cycle.
Between 2016 and 2018, the ratio of sale costs to operating income was 3.54%, 3.56%, and sales costs were stable. Compared with domestic industry companies, the sales cost rate in this case was at the medium level of the industry.
The marketing and marketing of its products has led to an increase in the cost of publicity fees, while the T-shirt recognition chip product, similar to that of the top technology acquired in 2019 in this case, is also facing an increase in promotional fees in the future. Taken together, the nand flash chip based on this case is in the marketing phase, while the new M-edged fingerprint chip product has been pushed forward.
So, the M&A assumes that the sales cost rate will be about three years higher in the forecast period, at 3.56%. So, the profit schedule is closed, but there is also a depreciation amortization that needs to be analysed. And to analyse the depreciation amortization, another important thing has to be studied — this case will be spent in the future on long-term assets such as equipment, plants, etc.
In the balance sheet, one of the most important factors affecting the valuation is capital expenditure (which directly determines depreciation), 100 million yuan, 233 million yuan and 290 million yuan, which is spent mainly on housing and buildings, machinery and equipment, means of transport, etc.
Here, construction works are assumed — the project invested a total of 212 million yuan, with a construction cycle of 24 months, with only 400 tons remaining currently to be completed and consolidated in June 2020, and the rest to be secured, assuming that there is no construction in progress thereafter. 1) Newly acquired fixed assets/early fixed assets — whose fixed assets consist mainly of buildings and machinery and equipment, as a percentage of the total.
2) Income from the acquisition/main business of intangible assets - whose intangible assets consist mainly of land use rights, generic expenses, etc., which, given their relatively small share, are assumed to remain at the 2018 level. 2) Depreciation years and residual rates - which vary according to the duration of depreciation of their homes, machinery and equipment, transport equipment, electronic equipment, etc.,
In 20, 10, 4 and 3-5 years, respectively, we get about 10 years of depreciation by weight, and by that point, capex (capital expenditure) and depreciation amortization projections have been completed. But there is another big variable that will have a significant impact on free cash flows and hence on valuation modelling -- in this case, what is the right to speak on the chain?
On the balance sheet, the main factors affecting operating capital are accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventory.
In comparison with industry, the accounts payable in this case represented operating costs.
At a higher level, the decrease in the share of accounts payable in costs is due to the rapid growth in operating income. Taken together, with its top five suppliers accounting for 84.37% of the total, with semiconductors warming, the mill’s production capacity will be in short supply and demand, and the supplier’s voice will be stronger in the case of capacity constraints.
So we have a reasonable assumption – based on historical data – that the supplier has a stronger voice over downstream customers because of its concentration of suppliers and, in the event of a shortage of crystal-round plant output. Thus, the prepaid account as a share of the cost has been at a higher level of nearly three years in 2018 and the payable as a share of the cost has remained at an average of almost three years.
In the case of receivables, there is a concentration of more than 31.56 per cent of clients between 2016 and 2018, with three stars, apples, China, etc., so there will be little change in the short term in the case of downstream voice rights.
The share of advance payments is extremely small because the product requires certification from downstream customers before the customer can order the purchase order and has a strong downstream voice. On the whole, Merger Merger has a reasonable assumption that the voice of future downstream clients will be maintained at the current level, so it is assumed that its future accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income will be maintained on an average of almost three years.
In terms of voice, and in terms of the efficiency of its operations, it depends mainly on the stock turnover rate. From 2016 to 2018, there were 3.48, 2.38 and 2.21 stock turnovers, respectively. The stock consisted of raw materials, commissioning materials, inventory goods, and distribution commodities, with raw materials accounting for about 60.13 per cent.
Compared to the same industry, this case presents a relatively low stock turnover and is lower than that of the same industry, mainly because of the increasing variety of its products and the faster growth of its inventory volume, which has led to a decline in the stock turnover rate. On the above, we assume that the inventory — because of the higher downstream demand, the volume of raw materials purchased as orders increased — has also increased.
It will increase, and in the case of stable production capacity, we assume that the future ratio of inventory to cost will remain at a high level, moving into the core part of the report — valuation modelling, how do we measure it? Before making the valuation model, let us sum up the basics of the case:
1) Industry ceiling: Between 2016 and 2018, the global noor flash market was $1.58 billion, $2.411 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively. Vibrant innovation is now the domestic noor flash chip domain, with global market ownership of about 18.3%. The ceiling depends on whether it is able to break through the technological barriers of Nand flash and dram memory.
In 2018, the market size of the stored chip as a whole was $158 billion, while the net flash chip was only $2.6 billion, or about 1.6 per cent, of the market for the noor flash chip, with the emergence of smartphones and the decrease in the number of machine exits each year, resulting in the shrinking market share of the noor flash chip. However, the almoled screen is still shrinking.
The curtain, the tddi module and the tws headphone-based object networking product, which, owing to the requirements of high stability, speed of response, low tolerance etc., has created new demand for noor flash, which in the short term will lead to an increase in the market model as downstream demand grows, while in the long run there is a possibility of being replaced by a Nand flash chip.
2) Drivers of future growth: In the short term, it is necessary to focus on tracking the demand for tws headphones and the volume of deliveries, as well as on whether the supplier, like Mid-Crys, can guarantee sufficient capacity. Whether long-term, noor flashes will be replaced by Nand flashes is an extraordinary logic, and therefore attention needs to be paid to whether the product under study, Nand flash and dram memory can achieve technology.
Breakthroughs. Overall, short-term drivers are clear and more likely than market expectations. 4) Fried river analysis: flash chip design, core moats reflect capacity, cost, capacity, etc. Noor flashing has a cost advantage than Nand flashing, mainly from smartphone screens, when capacity is less than 512 mb
iot (including tws headphones) products. This case is a global leader in the area of small-capacity noor flash chip, but this is part of a smaller market, which currently accounts for about 1% of the total storage chip market. In terms of capacity, the capacity depends on the supplier because of the fact that the fables model.
In the area of memory chips, two major areas, the moats of foreign giants remain stable, and domestic manufacturers have a long way to go. (5) From a competitive pattern: the global storage chip market is oligopolistic — the US-Korean market (American Light Technology, Three Stars, Heszlix, cypress) has a total market of about 90 per cent. In this case, the main product of mega-innovation is the storage chip collar.
The field ' s noor flash chip, while the market for the Nand flash chip and the dram memory chip is larger (over 95% combined) and the technical barriers are higher at the time, so the competition pattern in this case is more advanced only in the domestic noor flash area. 6) Risk point 1: 1) the merger has received patent litigation for top-of-the-water technology, which is related to the fingerprinting technology on the screen.
The risk of sale, which in turn could lead to a loss of goodwill. 2) Upstream suppliers are highly concentrated, and if the supplier’s capacity is tight, this case may not be able to acquire more capacity with greater probability, thus having a greater impact on its future operating income.
It's a water-to-water process. It's all for a financial modelling table and some of the key companies' detailed valuations.
For example, for Yangtze power, for Haekang electricity, for Haikangwe, for example, the model portion of the valuation, as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only if we think about them clearly can we fully understand the company and create a logical shut-off.
In this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies in the financial modelling process. What are the differences in the data between us? Are there any points for reflection? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign companies?
2) Are the valuation ranges derived from the combination of relative valuation methods, absolute valuation methods, logical? Where are the differences? If sensitivity analyses are conducted, how much is the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation? 3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - the choice of different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a closed link to the logic of valuation modelling? 4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people are likely to be nervous and sleepless -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it is expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the merger and purchase of the report, so that the M&A team will be required to report to the user, and some of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. A reasonable price for the good product will be a way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone will pay will be in our interest.
Adding more investment elites from top universities around the world would also facilitate the M&A team's procurement of deeper industry data from a global perspective, allowing it to continue to refine and provide you with more dryer research. If you are interested in the [valued part] of this case, and more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code to get the case.
The details of valuation modelling, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as significant risk point tips, will be included. Scan-read core products -
This paper is based on public corporate attributes, in accordance with the law.
The disclosure of financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc. to the public within the established obligation is organized without endorsement for future changes, and any future changes are not relevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee their completeness, accuracy, timeliness. City is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) On the subject: financial modelling reports are voluminous and cover only some of the key industries and industries.
Case, do not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered. Please understand. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only from the micro-trust platform, not responsible for any other platform content, we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting or violating the platform.