Researchchand Developmentcenter Stock Exchange, Corporate Competition Analysis
The company's competitive position has been thoroughly examined by a research assistant in the Chengxiang computer industry.
Full registration, reits, bank constant electronics (600.570.sh) The continuous construction of finance, foreign investment entry, etc., continues to generate increased customer investment, which is facilitated by market reforms.
Demand dividends continue. But it is important to stress that income growth does not follow a single path that can be achieved only by adding weight, including the optimization of parameters, volume changes, wind controls, redundancy increases, etc.
We believe that the main reason for the competitive advantage of persistent electronics is to capture the growth dividends of downstream industries, with clear market strategies. At the heart of the investment management system is to improve other marketing systems, valuation systems, product lines.
Competitiveness analysis: The firm’s product lines are more complete than those of other listed companies in the same field. Non-listed competition is usually limited to a few segmented areas, with differential competition, and there are firms whose product lines are more consistent with constant growth, but the research and development capabilities of non-listed companies are more varied.
We believe that the self-research/output of voucher dealers is not very competitive with the constant demand for building R & D platforms, and the rapid roll-out of jres3.0 platforms to meet the demand for customized development. The main conclusion of the standard analysis is ss&c: the history of ss&c’s development reflects US securities management.
Market growth continues, and our portfolio development is in the early stages of industry, and we anticipate faster growth. Ss&c, which is more complex than business, and whose M&As create business uncertainty, is largely dependent on robust endogenous growth of viable electronics, or deserves higher valuations.
The company is the leading financial-it company, and we value Hensen Electronics 60 times as much as 2024. According to our projections of profits, Henjiang Electronic's net return in 2024 was 2,344 million yuan, and the industry model is more difficult to break, or will affect the development of business innovation by industry clients, and hence the company's business.
Growth. 2. The growth of securitiesit inputs or exposure to fluctuations in the size of stock market transactions may drag corporate securities' revenues if the stock market is volatile. 3. If the financial innovation does not advance as expected, product substitution slows down or affects company-related revenues. 4. Increased competition in the industry, company market share or impact
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
1. Markets should focus on the growth dividends to companies of capital market reforms and customer innovation needs. In terms of regulatory reform, policies such as the implementation of a comprehensive registration system and the further expansion of the scope of stock labels in the Mainland and Hong Kong, China, have resulted in industrial development dividends. In addition, customer demand for innovation is growing: application demand is also increasing.
In order to be enriched, such as the growing number of quantitative transactions, the growing number of quantitative transactions at the heart of the institution, the higher requirements for system speed performance and the demand for fast trading systems; in terms of structural needs, in order to achieve a rapid rotation of the system, the system began to shift from a centralized to a distributed structure. As a leading financial firm, the company began the product line earlier.
With the investment management system at its core, other marketing systems, valuation system product lines are constantly refined, pre-emptively superior, and the company’s product lines are more complete, and it is expected that the market will fully benefit from the growth generated by capital market reforms and client innovation needs. 2. Markets should focus on the development of markets outside the company’s borders.
The market should focus on the benefits of the company’s middle-level strategy.
Externally, the company’s middle-level strategy responds positively to the needs of the financial markets, and the client base has grown. By 2019, the jres 3.0 application rate had reached 93%.
ii. Hengsheng Electronics: A full-scale financial-it service provider, multi-sector leading line of 2.1 products, a full-scale financial-it service to clients. Heungsheung Electronic is a financial technology company with a mission to “simplify finance” and has its headquarters in Hangzhou, China, 1997.
Established, listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 (600.570.sh). The financial industry has a constant focus on providing holistic solutions and services for securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, exchanges, private fundraising, etc., as well as for individual investors.
The company, as a leading financial-it-field company, has been selected for 15 years as the 100-percent global financial science list for Fintech, and has been ranked first in the securities industry and bank intermediary software provider by the well-known international data company, idc.
Hensen Electronics was established in 1997 to be the first to enter into a securities trading management system; it began gradually to enrich public funds-related product lines around the year 2000 and has since expanded to the financial sector.
Hensen Electronic divides the financial int product line into five product lines: Large Retailit, Large Retailit, Enterprise and Insurance Core and Infrastructureit, Risk and Infrastructureit, and Internet Innovation.
The main clients of the securities broker's business are the securities broker's department, whose core product is the centralized trading system, whose main functions are to provide account management, clearing of funds, commission order management, access services (interact with the exchange, middle-boarding, etc.).
Clients to be served are various wealth management bodies such as banks, bonds, triangulations, funds, trusts, insurance funds, etc. Marketing, sales, customer services, and banking and voucher hosting and outsourcing, with core products being systems such as asset allocation, product management, financial marketing and marketing services, with the main functions of wealth planning advice, financial product management, financial marketing and so forth.
Sales transactions, business operations, customer marketing/services, services to investors, etc. 2.1.2 Large-capital management of IT operations include, inter alia, asset management, corporate service ofit operations, and operations of operating management of it operations.
The main clients of the primary services of the Production Managementit operation are the relevant sectors such as securities, funds, insurance, banking and trust asset management institutions, investment research, investment transactions, risk management, and the core products are investment decision-making systems, investment transaction management systems, etc., whose main functions are to assist the institution in building a complete investment process, to support fund managers in making investment decisions and to provide traders with transactions
The main functions of the enterprise serviceit service are to support the service provider in providing investment transactions, compliance controls, low-time transactions, agency transactions, strategic algorithms, etc.
The main functions of the operators of asset management institutions, such as banks, trusts, insurance funds, are to provide operational security for the back-office of financial institutions, the pass-through registration system, the valuation accounting and the treasury clearing system, etc.
The main core products of the business, insurance core and infrastructure operations are cash management platforms and paper business products, treasury core systems, non-car core systems, etc. 2.1.4 data risks and infrastructure operations
The main clients of the data riskit business are risk management, compliance management, etc. of various financial institutions, while the main core products are data-neutral products, comprehensive risk management products and compliance management products, data governance, risk monitoring, compliance reporting, process management, information transmission management, anti-money-laundering services, etc.
Upgrading of the IT sector in various financial institutions, major products and functions of the intellectual base, including the Internet innovation business of IT matching, networking distributed micro-service architecture (jres), high performance database lightdb, low-timed distribution platform ldp, etc.
The main clients are financial institutions such as internal and external funds, securities, trusts, futures, insurance, emerging financial institutions, one-stop cloud service solutions, financial data information services, etc.
2.2 The equity structure is clear, and the incentive scheme is motivated to motivate the employees. The main shareholders (mainly Huang Dae-sung, Peng Pong, etc.) are the founders before and after the e-marketing, each of whom is a technical backbone in the financial field. In April 2014, Zhejiang was able to complete a 100% acquisition of shares in the Heung-sung e-group.
Upon completion of the transaction, Zhejiang gave 20.62% of the company's permanent electronics shares in the public company and became a real control. On June 8, 2015, the Ants Technology Group acquired 100% of Zhejiang's shares and became a controlling shareholder in the permanent electronics.
The proportion is about 20.72%. AntsTechnology has leading skills in cloud computing, big data, etc. Internet blood injections provide permanent electronics with figure 3: a map of a permanent electronic equity structure
The shareholding plan proposes to subscribe to no more than 10 million shares, or 0.96% of the company ' s total equity at the time of the plan ' s release.
The equity scheme is expected to improve corporate governance, promote cohesion and competitiveness of workers, mobilize motivation and creativity, and promote the long-term, sustained and healthy development of the public administration.
The stimulus plan is intended to grant 32 million stock options to 272 senior managers and core technicians, or about 1.68% of the total equity at the time of its release, and is expected to provide a sound basis for the future development of the company by in-depth binding of core employee interests.
2.3 Analysis of financial indicators: The initial effectiveness of controls is expected to result in further release of profits. Depending on the type of product or service, the company divides its operations into the following categories of operations: large retail t operations, large capital t operations, banking and industrial t operations, data risk and infrastructure t operations, businesses, insurance cores and infrastructure.
In 2022, the ratio of the contribution of the large retail and the large-sourced-it business was the highest. Second, 38 per cent and 31 per cent, respectively. We believe that, as the influence of external factors gradually weakens, the company’s offshore market is expected to increase.
In 2019, output was achieved; in 2019, the company achieved a significant increase of RMB 1 billion in net return and non-mortality net profit. In 2022, the company achieved a net return profit of RMB 1,091 million, a 25.45 per cent decrease in the same year; and the net non-mortality profit was achieved as a result of a significant change in the fair value of the financing product. In 2022, while maintaining a steady increase in income, the company’s control fee was significantly effective.
We believe that corporate efficiency gains are beginning to yield results, and that future profits are expected to yield a higher share of R & D spending as a share of operating income: R & D spending as a share of business income has been more than 35% for the last five years and remains stable in terms of high R & D investment. The company’s R & D investment in 2022 amounted to 2,346 million yuan yuan.
The number of personnel is 7016, or 52.07% of the total number of companies. Companies, both in terms of the number of R & D personnel and in terms of R & D fees, are at the forefront of the industry, with sufficient R & D inputs contributing to upgrading their innovation capabilities.
Figure 10: Changes in corporate Mäori Ratios Figure 11: Corporate R&D Personnel (one, left axis) and their share Figure 13: Change in R&D Cost, Sales Cost, Management Cost Rates
Figure 12: Size of sales, management costs and R & D expenditure (billion yuan) 3.1 Capital market reforms combined with growth in business demand, together contributing to industrial development 3.1.1 Capital market reforms yielding an industrial development dividend
In terms of regulatory reform, policies such as the implementation of a comprehensive registration system and the further expansion of the scope of the stock labels of the Mainland and Hong Kong, China, have led to industrial development dividends. In addition, customers’ demand for innovation is growing.
Growing: Application end demand is increasing, such as the increasing number of quantitative transactions, the growing number of quantitative transactions that are central to the institution, the higher demands for system speed and speed, and the demand for fast trading systems; in terms of architecture needs, the system begins to shift from a centralized to a distributed structure to a fast-paced continuum of systems.
In 2021, the securities industry invested about 33.8 billion yuan, an increase of about 20 per cent. The top 10 producers invested about 12.5 billion yuan, or 41 per cent of total industry investment; the top 20 producers invested about 19.8 billion yuan, or 65 per cent of total industry investment.
The securities portfolio "as an application area of expansionability, safety and reliability, the path to income growth is far from being achieved by adding functions, including the optimization of parameter setting, volume changes, wind control, redundancy increases, etc., are continuing value enhancement points.
On April 28, 2020, the CSRC consulted the community on the main rules of the entrepreneurship board reform and pilot registration system. It mentioned that the growth and decline of the entrepreneurship board would be eased (the first five trading days of the new stock market would be free of any increase or decrease, followed by an increase).
Requiring; adapting to information technology developments, facilitating investors, eliminating the requirement to sign risk disclosures on the spot, and allowing investors to sign them on paper or electronically. On February 17, 2023, the full roll-out of the stock issue registration system was officially implemented.
The registration system involves the overhaul of more than a dozen systems, such as the voucher account system, the centralized trading system, the fast-track trading system, the finance voucher system, the conversion system, the fast-order system, the city system, the information delivery system, etc., and, at the buyer’s end, the investment transaction system, the information delivery system.
On 19 December 2022, the CSRC issued a communiqué stating that, in order to promote the common development of capital markets between the two countries, it was agreed in principle that the two exchanges would further expand the scope of the stock interconnections.
In the case of Hong Kong, the stock exchange shows that the market value of the RMB 5 billion and above is included in the SPI component.
Shares, as well as those of major foreign companies eligible to be listed in Hong Kong in the consistent composite index. Further deepening connectivity is expected to bring about greater demand for transactions, and the market’s liquidity and dynamism are expected to rise, leading to higher demands on the speed and capacity of the voucher trading system.
(c) Greater openness to the outside world and the establishment of foreign institutions. In recent years, financial openness policies have been introduced.
With the total elimination of restrictions on the scope of operations in financial institutions such as foreign banks and securities companies in China in 2020: the elimination of the restrictions on foreign holdings of financial institutions such as securities companies and companies managing investment funds in Côte d’Ivoire in the amount of not more than 51 per cent. On 1 April 2020, following the liberalization of the restrictions imposed by foreign institutions on the share holdings of securities companies, funds and futures companies, Belédé,
The two major foreign investors in Lubomay submitted successive applications for the creation of a public fund. From 18 to 19 June 2020, the CVM President mentioned in a forum full of land mouths: Foreign funds will continue to be encouraged and supported.
On 4 July 2022, the People ' s Bank of China launched exchanges between Hong Kong, China, and the Mainland. On the basis of bond bonds, domestic and foreign investors participate in the financial derivatives market in Hong Kong, China, through links to the financial market infrastructure in the Mainland. This institutional arrangement is conducive to meeting investor interest rate risk management requirements.
With the entry of foreign financial institutions, it is expected that the demand for capital market ent systems will increase further. 3.1.2 The demand for business innovations will add to the demand for applications, such as the growing volume of quantitative transactions and the growing availability of quantitative transactions.
In terms of changing structural demand, the future development of securities is in two directions: institutionalization and transformation of wealth management. Institutionalization is needed.
Individualized services based on different clients: The transformation of wealth management requires a voucher to expand the wealth management business on the basis of brokering...and to better serve investors. Whatever needs are realized, the clients of the brokering business need to operate, and the system needs to be able to achieve rapid rotation. That is, it needs to go from the traditional soa architecture to the cloud.
The shift in service architecture, from centralized to distributed structures, and the need for clients to build a platform, systemat system that allows data flow across the chain and internal and external resource integration and sharing enhances internal operating efficiency.
3.2 The securities management init market remains a vast development space. 3.2.1 The overall scale of our operations is on the rise, and the number of investors is growing. Therefore, we believe that the size of our holdings and the number of investors are expected to continue to grow in the future.
3.2.2 Continued expansion of the new track, such as the dynamic bond market, as the opening of our financial sector accelerates, the opening of bond markets to the outside world deepens, and the need for bond issuance and management
With the prospect of gradual release, he is expected to gain broad market growth space as a pioneer in the domestic distribution of bond operations. (1) In recent years, documents have been issued that ease the participation of major players, such as banks, in the exchange bond market, or will further stimulate banks.
On January 15th, 2020, the Hong Kong Trade Exchange issued a circular on matters related to the settlement of bank participation in exchange bond transactions, which refined and supplemented a row of bi-partite document No. 81, policy banks, and national development banks.
Bankers, large State-owned commercial banks, stock-based commercial banks, urban commercial banks, foreign banks in China and other banks listed in the country may enter into competitive trading of bonds and assets in support of securities securities, and the purchase, requisition, foreclosure and trading of funds with bonds and assets in support of investments. This means trading on direct exchanges for many years.
Qualifying applications have been liberalized once again, and for Henseng Electronic there is a (2) external liberalization of access restrictions, which became a completely new model for foreign investors to hold our bonds after “qfii”, “rqfii” and “debts”.
By the end of 2022, the total holdings had exceeded 3 trillion yuan. Direct trading services (cibmdirect) under the direct delivery mode of the interbank bond market, which began to run on 1 September 2020, had become operational on a trial basis.
A further important innovation in opening the interbank bond market to the outside world, following the bond deal. To further promote the opening up of the interbank bond market, a new rule was issued to extend the interbank bond trading period to 20:00 from 21 September 2020, thus also increasing the ease of buying and selling Chinese bonds by offshore agencies.
At the end of the month, offshore institutions held inter-bank market bonds of $3.38 trillion, accounting for approximately 2.7 per cent of the total inter-bank bond market hosting volume.
In October 2022, foreign agencies entered the market through direct investment channels, with 774 entering through bond channels and 235 entering through both channels, while foreign agencies remained active in the country ' s bond market and continued to increase their activity: in October 2022, foreign agencies traded approximately 910 billion yuan in bonds in the interbank bond market and an average of 53.3 billion yuan per day;
The pace of opening up our financial markets has increased, our debt markets have become more attractive internationally, and we expect foreign investors’ willingness to invest in China’s national debt to be sustainable and promising. Domestic bond markets are expected to increase the number of investors by lowering the entry threshold internally, and accelerating external opening is expected to lead to an increase in the number of investors.
The growth in demand for trading effectively facilitates the release of bond demand or the development of a viable e-bond business. 53,000 bonds were issued in 2021, with an annual growth rate of 7.1 per cent.
It is important to note that, based on the current regulatory environment, it is not always possible to have a fee pattern similar to that of the outside world, but it is hoped to develop bargaining power and market development close to the outside world.
4.1 The dominant position of electronics in securities management is gradually strengthening in the domestic market for the core products of securities management.
The E-IMS has a high market position and a significant competitive advantage in all types of wealth management, asset management agencies. It's because we think it can be analysed in three ways: capturing the growth dividends of downstream industries, and a clear market strategy.
Operating itt systems. Subsequently, at the beginning of the Trust ' s development of asset management operations, the Trust clients were expanded. By contrast, the market expansion of gold shares was slower than ever-growing electronics; Investment management systems were at the core, other marketing systems were refined, and valuation systems were product lines.
As the main line of business, since “investment” is the core business of asset management companies, with a high reliance on this type of system, the strategic direction mentioned in the annual report is the product line of crm, call centre, etc.
In contrast, Goldmark began to engage in e-government in 2003 in response to the downturn in the financial sector, and thereafter engaged in certain marketing operations, affecting concentration to some extent.
4.2.1 Comparison of traditional securities management int producers with permanent product lines: the permanent product line is more fully configured, and the product line is more comprehensive in the securities management core product market. ... The product line is more extensive....The corporate product covers all core products of securities in securities management in t, and most of the core products have a longer R & D history.
Trading management systems, both developed in the company ' s 2003 ipo fund-raising project, compared to the product lines of the four listed companies for nearly two decades: four companies have different product lines, and, in terms of distribution of product lines, hen-Kind electronics, gold shares and top-point software have stocks of products in securities, funds, capital front and centre; wins.
In the area of banking, the main products are sales related to bank paper transactions, bank finance, etc., which are in the middle business area: GoldCard deals with mobile banking, etc. through the acquisition of the Union Longbo.
In terms of product line layout, the most extensive distribution of shares in gold is the majority of pre-intermediate systems covering securities, management, banking, etc. (2) The main non-listed company product lines are contrasted: non-listed securities managers usually have a few specialized divisions.
Domains, competing for differences, but also companies with high product lines and consistent resonance.
(a) The main competing products of KIM Shida are risk management and precious metal trading;
Discrepancies in new technologies mainly provide clearing and clearing systems for financial institutions: MoyonTechnology, Hsing and Tetsu software have a relatively high degree of overlap with the products of Helium Electronics, and the main core lines of business that provide management it.
(3) In terms of the number of employees (regular employees) in nine non-listed companies in the public domain, there is a gap between these departments and Hensen Electronics. In nine non-listed companies, there are only more than 1,000 employees, but there is still a large gap between the number of employees in the same company and the number of employees in the other eight companies is below 1,000.
In terms of the number of patents, the number of permanent electronic patents is 348, while the number of patents for all nine non-listed companies is the same as that of Hengsheng. Table 5: Comparison of the technical strength of non-listed traditional securities management IT companies.
When competition is relatively limited, non-listed companies usually adopt a strategy of entry into a segmented market and differential competition. We believe that this poses little direct competition for the main business of constant electronics, for the core business systems of securities dealers and regulators, and for complementary or more competitive relationships.
Some of these include companies represented by leniency, trade-and-trade software, which are less different from the medium-stage strategy of Helium Electronics, traditional business, and which may create some competition. These include, for example, the first-initiation of technology technology, the first-initiation of technology, and the strategy of technology, which is to reconfigure it from the bottom, to create a new generation of basic technological architectures and core applications.
Based on a low-time, high-availability distributed system as a base architecture platform, products such as distributed core trading platforms (atp), real-time wind control platforms (arc) and low-time modems (amd) have been launched. But given the high cost of replacing the central counter system by a voucher dealer, there is a fairly clear pre-emptive advantage.
Power and technological strength, industry-leading product-generation and human effectiveness indicators, we believe that non-listed companies may retain a certain degree of competitiveness in large customer customization development, manpower outsourcing markets, and that in the overall market, a consistent sub-optimal position is expected to continue.
4.2.2 In the securitiesit area, there is a consistent and consistent lead, and in the securitiesit area, the gold medals have a more comprehensive front and center product reserve. We compare the three listed companies with the following.
(1) In terms of revenue, the business income of Helium Electronics in 2021 was 5,497 million yuan. Gold medals (taking into account only the revenues of the financial sector), cap software of 2,168 million yuan and $503 million yuan, respectively. The size of the company’s revenue was significantly ahead of the industry. The growth rate of the three companies was small, with a small difference of 22.3 per cent and 19.3 per cent.
(3) With regard to market penetration, the 19-year performance statement reveals that the company’s centralized trading system is 50% in the securities industry. The permanent and gold certificates are now complete on the product line layout, providing customers with a complete solution to the problem, with the front and center back and back.
In terms of the number of R & D personnel, the number of technical staff in 2021 was 8,659 and the company's leading position in the industry. In terms of the amount spent on R & D, the company studied.
Inputs are in a leading position in the industry and continue to rise. Companies are increasingly investing in research and development to upgrade product labelling and standards, giving them a stronger bargaining power. Figure 17: Comparison of the number of technicians in the three listed companies (one)
(5) The high competitive position and the high stickyness of customers have led to higher bargaining power and higher profitability of companies. The net rate of interest in permanent electronics did not differ significantly from equity shares in gold in 2015 and was lower than the top software. The bottom of 2016 was improved from year to year. The most important indicator of profitability, Roe, was industry leader from 2017 to 2021, and the margin with competitors increased from year to year.
Figure 20: Comparison of the three listed companies, Roe (%) 4.3 Promulgated Promulgated Promulgation.
Its input consists mainly of three components, namely, its capital expenditure, its costs, and the remuneration of its personnel. In 2021, the average of the top 20 coupons was 1.09 billion yuan, including a percentage of the cost of its transport.
In terms of its personnel, the number of head voucher dealers is about 500-1500, and the total number of technicians in Helium Electronics in 2021 is 86.59. Although the size of permanent electronics personnel includes practitioners, most of its personnel are not engaged in R & D, so, on balance, there are still significant gaps in product R & D capabilities at the level of head voucher dealers and helium students.
It is also aimed at meeting its own needs, with few external exports, and only a few securities companies, such as Shanxi, China Gold, and Skywind, have established financial technology subsidiaries. In terms of R&D, the self-researchers are mainly to build marketing systems, and their self-research is more flexible due to the rapid changes in marketing demand.
And much of the R & D work on trading systems requires external cooperation, and it is difficult for the bond dealers to support themselves alone. So, on the whole, self-research by the voucher dealers has little impact on companies.
The introduction of offshore markets and the conclusion that the subject-matter company is more concentrated and more competitive in the constant electronics than in the off-shore stock management it is, have a stronger bargaining power and a more profitable bargaining power.
5.1 Disparities in the market patterns of Sino-American securities administration, where the United States market is more fragmented than China, does not currently have the same position in the domestic market as Henseng Electronic. From the market patterns of 2021, US banks and financial services application platforms.
See, Microsoft has a market share of about 15.2%, followed by Fis, sap, oracle, among others. In the domestic market for the core products of securities management, it has a relatively high e-market position, with most product line markets exceeding 50%, and market patterns being more concentrated than in the US.
Figure 21: The market pattern of the US banking and financial services application platform in 2021 compares the operating mechanisms of the US-China securities market with the following main differences: 1) In the structure of the market, there are several naturally developed trading centres in the US securities market and in various transactions
Connected by building public infrastructure (e.g., ints, sfti). 2) In business functions, the existence of inter-market connections requires the ability of the United States trading centre to have inter-market routes, which have two functions, first, to make the best offer in the United States through the concentration of orders; second, in transactions
The ability to send customer orders to a trading centre with the best offer. 3) Compared to decision-making from the order route, the broker's order route is simpler because of the country's simpler market structure. After investors entrust it to the broker, the broker sends the stock to the counterpart according to the nature of the stock.
In the United States, brokers do not need to connect directly to all market centres, and United States investors send orders to brokers, who can choose on their own initiative on the basis of the customer’s needs.
A suitable route strategy to send orders directly to the markets with the best price and best chance of dealing. The complex trading mechanisms in the US securities market make it necessary for securities dealers to make different products and versions based on different exchanges, different easy-to-trade products, brokers, and limit the customer base and suitability of individual manufacturers’ products, leading to markets.
In the Chinese market, trade-related product differentiation is less demanding (comparable with the United States) and more demanding in terms of reliability, co-production, consistency, etc., making it difficult for new entrants to access markets based on differentiated characteristics, thus creating a current market pattern with higher concentration.
5.2 Major Participant in the United States Securities Itt Market 5.2.1 Professional Finance Inc.
As a global professional financial-it company, such companies provide asset management, investment management, technology services, etc., to key institutions such as banks.
The main banks on Wall Street, represented by Goldman Sachs, Morgan Chase, and Morgan Chase, have invested in an instant communication service platform, symphony. The owner of the symphony is to provide a built-in communication system similar to the Bloomberg terminal; and to position himself more easily than the Bloomberg terminal.
Appropriate and more convenient alternatives. (2) A laddin platform that uses and contributes to the revenue of blackrock as an asset management body.
In 2000, Blackrock formed and built a blackrocksolation, on which aladdin platform was developed, combining risk analysis capabilities and comprehensively covering former, medium- and back-office applications. In 2021, blackrocksolation contributed $1,281 million (technology and risk management).
On 31 December, blackrock managed total assets amounting to $10.01 trillion, including equities, fixed-income investments, so, in summary, financial institutions invest in it and strategic directions: 1 There may be a gap between financial institutions and professional third-party institutions in terms of technological capabilities.
Of the employees, 3,500 are in charge of research and development; 2 self-employed, leaving the outside of the company. Large Wall Street investment banks like Goldman Sachs, Morgan Chase and others have been involved in investments such as symphony. We believe that financial information products, investment management systems, and so on.
The operations of the target company ss&c cover hedge funds, private equity, fof, asset management, insurance companies, etc.
Financial institutions' front-back-office software needs. These include risk management, valuation, portfolio management, etc. Figure 24: ss&c provides comprehensive financial sector solutions, based on income changes over the last 30 years of the company ' s existence:
Figure 25: Income growth changes in the last 30 years since the creation of ss&c
In 1991, the company released films (now known as lsloansuite) to add a new front-office trader for portfolio products, and in 1995, the company acquired the chalkegroup to provide actuarial software and risk analysis software.
5.3.2 Period 1996-2006: bpo/asp services began to be provided, the company was restructured through the acquisition of the product line in 1996 and some $71 million in funds were raised through ipo. (1) During this period, s&c launched bpo (businessprocessoutsourcing), asp (applicationsservice)
Highly customized software and solutions, such as provider; and covering seven vertical markets in the financial sector: insurance and pension funds, institutional asset management, hedge funds and family offices, retail banks, business loans, real estate management, government (2), ss&c improved its product lines through a series of acquisitions: the company acquired $11.9 million in 1999.
Hedgeware, as an additional hedge fund-related solution, acquired digital services in 2001 for $1.3 million to expand the bond-related software business, a period in which companies responded to market demand through highly customized services such as bps/asp and acquired other companies to complete it.
Although companies began to extend their M & As strategy until 2006, the number and modalities of M & As have increased further rapidly after 2006. The main objectives of M & As include:
(1) Improvement of product lines, targeting mainly the financial services sector; (2) improvement of financial quality, including indicators of concern: ratio of recurringrevene; ebitdamargin, etc. (recurringrevee refers mainly to software-enabledservice and maintenance revenues; selection of targets)
ebitdamargin at 41%-43%; per capita contribution income at $200,000/year)
As a result of a series of mergers and acquisitions, the income structure of s&c continued to rise: as of the 2017 annual report, s&c accounted for 94 per cent of total income, mainly software-enabled-service and maintenanceandtermlicenses.
(1) Software-enabled-service refers to the company’s use of self-research software products to provide base money management services such as multi-asset investment managers.
User fees can be divided into permanent and time-based authorizations depending on the age of use. Software-enabledservice operations are the most stable in terms of changes in Maori rates.
Since 2018, as a result of the use of accounting standard 606, the income of ss&c has been divided into software-enabled service and license, maintenanceandotherreveue.
Figure 30: Change in ss&crecurringreve (%): Change in ss&cebitdamargin (%) software-enabledservice
Maintenanceandtermlicenses Figure 32: Changes in the combined Māori rate since 2008: ss&c (%) Business profit versus net interest rate comparison: ss&c is lower than constant in both business and net profit indicators
Business profitability and net interest rates increased significantly during the period 2017-2019, with a certain decline since 2019. By 2022, business profitability and net interest rates were still slightly higher than ss&c. We believe that the business profitability and net interest rates of ss&c were lower than ever and could be attributed mainly to two factors: 1.ss&c mergers and acquisitions were more frequent and had some impact on the profit end;
There is a gap between the overall Māori rate of ss&c and the constant rate of 47.6 per cent of the total Māori rate of ss&c in 2022, which is lower than the constant figure 33: Ss&c Business Profit Ratios of EPRs, Figure 34: Ss&c Net Interest Rates of EPRs
The valuation of ss&c: p/e indicator, where net profits are influenced by more factors. For example, there may be larger sales inputs in the company ' s business expansion process; the various types of costs arising from mergers and acquisitions have a net profit effect, and the company ' s p/e fluctuations are relatively high.p/s refers to indicators, where income changes are relatively stable, p/s fluctuations are smaller and the effect of net profit fluctuations is smoother.
Several major mergers and acquisitions have a more pronounced impact on ps when the company is re-listed. The completion of the product line has a positive effect on the company’s valuation.
Figure 36: Ss&cp/sband and its causes 5.3.4 ss&c development path for persistent electrons: (1) ss&c ' s software-enabledservice operations provide large, stable cash flows and high stickyness to them
Client groups, the kind of hosting business model, are in the early stages of development within the country. Constant electronics capture market opportunities such as securities management cloud solutions, corporate hosting, or the key to a company’s future profitability enhancement. (2) S&s&c has more extended M&As, and continuously replenishing product lines to enhance the company’s integrated competitiveness in the securities management area.
Compared with ss&c, where there are more complete product lines, where there are strong incentives for in-house growth, companies are expected to increase their clients’ net value by deepening their product lines, or to generate significant endogenous growth. (3) The history of development of ss&c reflects the continued growth of the United States stock administration, i.e., our capital market.
At a more early stage, the development of securities management is also in the early stages of the industry, and it is expected to grow faster in the future. (4) Compared to the ss&c, which is more complex, where M&As create business uncertainty, it is mainly dependent on a more robust, profitable and permanent electronics, or should enjoy higher valuations.
VI. External layout of companies and development of space 6.1 Off-shore layout: building on Hong Kong, China, and gradually expanding markets in South-East Asia, Japan and Europe. 6.1.1 Preparation phase: early listing until 2013, taking advantage of the opportunity to actively establish offshore subsidiaries and successfully move into China.
In 2005, the company funded the establishment of the Japanese subsidiary, the Japan Hengsheng Software Corporation, and the establishment of an offshore subsidiary to create a new base outside the country for further deployment of electronics, while Hong Kong, China, as the preferred stock market and trading centre for offshore financing by Chinese enterprises, was founded on China's Hong Kong.
Hong Kong has always served as an important “bridgehead” for the expansion of offshore markets. In January 2008, Hengsheng Electronics funded 10 million Hong Kong, China, to set up the Hengsheng Network Limited, which marks the official entry of Hengsheng into Hong Kong, China.
In 2010, Hengsheng became a qualified bss supplier for the Hong Kong Exchange of China (meaning the Basic Services Set) and in July 2012, when other financial software manufacturers in the country did not involve the development of the Hong Kong stock trading system, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange System in Hong Kong, Hengsheng, China, became the country ' s first provider of the Hong Kong stock core securities trading system.
In 2013, the securities and futures lines of operation broke out in offshore markets. Companies such as Ziru International (Hong Kong), China Xinjiang International, and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Hong Kong) became permanent customers.
6.1.2 Futures systems are also offshore. 6.1.2 Preparation phase: landing: 2014-2018, with companies strategically placing a high priority on the internationalization process, 2014 as the critical year for the external layout of companies, 2014 as well as the official completion of production of securities and account products outside Heung Hoop.
Table 8: Signal event of Hensen Electronic 2014 off-shore.
Eastern securities (Hong Kong, China), Vietnamese securities, China's foreign exchange, futures (Hong Kong, China), futures (Hong Kong, China) and futures (Hong Kong, China) have expanded the foreign population.
For the first time, HONG-sung, the owner-owned core product was introduced into the European market, marking the launch of the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Luxemburg Stock Settlement System in October 2014.
The Helium Network (Hong Kong, China) began to provide 7* 24-hour global securities maintenance services in Hong Kong, China.
It's a milestone in the development of Hong Kong Stock Exchanges.
In late 2014, the Shanghai Free Trade Area defeated products including the world's famous tradeable software, and all two offshore securities introduced opportunities for later expansion.
As the external layout of the securities business moves forward and lands, the permanent e-portit series achieves full process coverage abroad. Offshore delivery is dominated by cloud mode. In 2015, there were more than 10 hosting service forwarders, with contracts exceeding 10 million, and cloud mode sales accounted for more than 57% of total offshore contracts, making cloudization the main mode of expansion abroad.
Eight of the coupons chose to use the HSBE 2.0 product model, and HSBC became the leading firm in this segment. Global financial services networks were created to connect domestic and foreign financial institutions.
The company has acquired wisdom (Hong Kong, China) on two separate occasions, supplementing the product lines in the Hong Kong market in China for small and medium-sized bond dealers, expanding its overall market share in the stock exchange settlement system in Hong Kong, China, and further optimizing the overall organization of the company’s operations in Hong Kong, China.
The company acquired, through its holding subsidiary, the stock holding stock of N2nect 23.66% of Malaysia’s leading trading settlement supplier, to provide business layout for the company’s expansion in the South-East Asian market.
In February 2019, two Chinese Hong Kong holding companies, Ayas and Hong Kong, China, announced their merger, establishing the Chang Yun Technology Company Ltd., which works actively to expand its operations abroad. The product system of Heung Yun Technologies covers the five main categories of technology, infrastructure, trading systems, settlement systems, and open-account systems, and provides diversified technological solutions.
The company reported in 2019 that it would continue to pursue the location and implementation of its corporate internationalization strategy. The implementation of a consistent internationalization strategy focused on “introduction” and “outward” and “buy-out.”
Figure 37: “Introduction, exit, purchase” strategic map □ Taking advantage and customer base in China’s native markets, bringing internationally superior products into the domestic market.
A breakthrough towards a new market growth point □ extending the long-established niche products to developing Chinese securities markets based on Hong Kong affiliates, and the development of a new market for Chinese companies.
From the South-East Asian market, exploring the possibility of investing in and buying from Euro-American Advanced Financial Science and Technology, while expanding to international capital markets,
Since 2020, companies have put in place strategies that are still likely to be further advanced:
On June 8, 2020, Hensen Electronics announced a strategic partnership with the world’s leading financial technology company, Finastra, to develop and roll out a new version of the Finastra Portfolio Management System. The asset management industry in the country is now pre-digitized in terms of transaction processing, order processing, but in terms of investment research, asset allocation, portfolio management, wind.
There is still a low degree of digitization in risk management, and strategic collaboration with Finastra is expected to fill the technology gap in the domestic market. Both sides will customize the originalfosioninvest software to create country-specific asset management portfolio solutions (pms) in 32021, in accordance with China’s regulatory policy and operational requirements.
On the basis of the acquisition of constant and new profits, Son acquired operations and intellectual property rights related to Finastra ' s financial management system in mainland China and Hong Kong and Austra, and integrated its operations with the control subsidiary Yun Winning Network, improving the public administration ' s profile in the area of the financial trading system.
In 2022, the cloud continued to grow in performance and income, with five new clients and a further increase in city occupancy. Several products made a breakthrough, Fusioninvest and esop.
The system is home to its first clients. At the same time, the cloud is based on the transformation of bond dealers to increase multi-type transactions in financial products, in terms of innovation, planning for the development of an information route platform, and creating a financial institution's eco-cooper for future business development. 6.2.2 Profitability
Since 2015, the Māori rate of corporate offshore operations has grown rapidly, and by 2022 the Māori ratio of corporate offshore operations had surpassed the 6.3 offshore market space: offshore operations have advanced ahead, offshore market spaces are significant compared to domestic financial-it manufacturers, and e-business is consistently ahead of business.
From offshore operations, both offshore and offshore, E-Hong Kong is in the lead. Among its counterparts, E-Hongsin is far ahead of expansion. 6.3.2 There is still room for increasing e-internationalization compared to the top international financial-it manufacturers.
Ss&c is the world’s leading hedge fund, private equity fundit service, and the leading joint fund transfer agency. In 2022, Idc was ranked third in the ranking of the global financial technology company. As an internationally influential company, Ss&c’s internationalization strategy is largely mature, with some involvement in the future of a sustainable electronic future.
Overseas operations are global: ss&c has over 100 offices worldwide, providing financial soft services to clients from around the world, and some 20,000 financial service providers use ss&c products and services to manage their investments. Overseas business income is relatively high: $5,283 million was generated by ss&c in 2022, of which 70.64 per cent came from the United States.
In the case of integrated institutions, 10.85% came from British clients, 7.61% from European clients, and 4.89% from Asia-Pacific and Japan.
Given that Europe and the United States markets have been taken over by leading Fintech companies, represented by ss&c, fis, etc., it is more difficult to get into electronics all the time. But compared to more than 20% of overseas earnings of ss&c, the share of offshore earnings of Henson Electronics was less than 4% in 2022.
There is still much room for improvement. 6.3.3 Foreign business incremental space measures securities in Hong Kong, China, at least HK$6.4 billion/year.
Hong Kong, China, has a total income of HK$94.3 billion, equivalent to approximately HK$83,145 million. According to historical data from China’s Greater Land and Land Region for the period 2012-2021, the income from the securities industry is directly related to the income from the securities industry. In 2021, China’s mainland securities sector earned HK$49.6 billion, corresponding to a investment of HK$33.8 billion in securities.
Therefore, based on the correlation between securitiesit and securities collections, we estimate that Hong Kong, China’s securitiesit market space is approximately HK$6.4 billion/year. In addition, there are funds, insurance, and other buyers’ input.
The presentation and the role of the medium-stage 7.1 corresponds to the front desk, the backstage, and the combination of the intermediates that are shared in the system, the core of which is to achieve "sharing."
This will better serve the front desk. It will consist mainly of the technology center, the business center, and the data center. The technology center: built between the application and the bottom resource (including infrastructure resources, distributed databases) and includes distributed technology, high performance technology, cloud computing technology, big data technology, terminal development technology, ai technology, intelligent carriers, etc.
The creation of a generic technology platform allows for the reuse of technology intermediates in different applications, thereby increasing the efficiency of development.
It also provides the development environment, data analysis tools, and a service to encrypt data into a service that can be exported, for example, api. It supports and enhances the efficiency of operations.
Second, in the process of fast-tracking the front functions, the switch to the centre is made without compromising the stability of the back office, meeting the operational sensitivity of the front desk and the steadyness of the back office. In the case of coupons, including the trading center, the wealth center, the operating center, etc.
7.2 The purpose and practice of the Helium Medium Strategy is in place. 7.2.1 “Middle stage” structure: technology medium (1) technology medium: technology medium is the starting point and the cornerstone of the Helium Medium Strategy, enhanced through micro-services, container technology.
Development efficiency and R & D recovery rates. Continuous technology hubs for clients, and application software development based on constant development platforms and basic packages. Clients are expected to become more persistent as the platform settles all aspects of their business and data. As more clients use corporate development platforms, they also benefit from the company’s follow-on business model.
In May 2019, the Young Electronic Union ants gold suit, Aliyun, released a “New Generation Distributed Services Development Platform” jres 3.0.jres 3.0 technology centre with reusable, extended, high security features.jres3.0 platform targets include financial product development, shipping, operators, etc. ... provides a complete financial enterprise level.
Application development packages that reduce the technical requirements of business developers and enhance development efficiency and system stability. 7.2.2 Medium-stage structure: medium-stage business.
The service capabilities of basic categories, such as payments, are assembled and exported to various applications through component interfaces. The xone is a consistent business sharing medium brand, positioning business sharing platforms at the enterprise level, providing open-boxing, i.e., reusable service capabilities to enable rapid innovation in the operations of financial institutions.
An open platform capable of meeting the needs of client-wide process harmonization, resource service sharing, data integration and innovation to help clients adapt quickly to fast-changing markets.
7.2.3 Medium-stage structure: Data Center Data Center is the middle layer between front-end data applications and back-end data sources, which provides the right mix between rapid front-end application needs and relatively slow core data changes and complex and cumbersome data maintenance. In the financial field, data Center creates smart capital
On April 2, 2020, the company acquired a new version of the data model from Guangzhou Data Central Technology. The new version of the data model was collected by various financial institutions, such as under cover, 100-year-olds, the Bolt Hour Fund, Nanjing Securities, and China Bank International, in a data governance project.
In May 2020, Hensen Electronic launched the ibrain data center plus, identifying "ibrain" as a brand-new item in the data center. As one of the core products of the Heinrich data center, ibrain is committed to meeting financial business needs, increasing the value of data, and providing high-quality data services for front-end operations.
Through the Smart Data Analysis Platform, business people can easily conduct online analysis of data services and data based on the power of the data center.
The technology is expected to lead clients to a clouded deployment of the int architecture from the technology to speed up the market penetration of corporate cloud operations: medium operations.
Enabling client management models helps clients to refine their operations; the data center is dedicated to meeting the needs of financial operations and realizing the value of the data. While meeting the immediate needs of institutional clients, the 7.3 medium-level strategy for internal R & D efficiency and product extension efficiency has been very effective, gaining market recognition and internal efficiency gains.
7.3.1 External: The middle-level strategy of the company is responsive to the needs of the financial markets, and the client base is gradually expanding. (1) The middle-level technology component provides users with a financial enterprise-level application development package to enhance efficiency and stability of development.
The utilization rate of 93 per cent has been achieved and, based on the original jres 3.0 technology platform, the power of the platform has been further expanded and enriched by the overall migration of the permanent technology warehouse to the cloud, and all core business systems have completed the transformation of the cloud technology warehouse (2) in the middle of the operation (2)
Supportive financial institutions are able to stabilize their operations while helping them to perform the safe and stable operation of their existing core operations, adapting to the rapid development of their innovative operations.
There is a potential for widespread dissemination in the financial sector. (3) At the data hub, help financial institutions improve the quality of information data, minimize the impact of data deviations on operations, and enable financial institutions to operate.
Launched in 2019, the first generation of products was launched, with new intellectual innovation, smart algorithm trading, intelligent intelligence alerts, super-senior smart customer service 4 artificial intelligence products based on a permanent data center, successful online multi-household industry data centre and a significant improvement in research and development effectiveness
During 2022, persistent electronics continued to increase R & D investment, with total R & D expenditure falling 2.8 pct as a percentage of business income in 2022 against a background of 9.68 per cent growth in R & D costs on a year-on-year basis, and the contribution of R & D investment to business performance is increasing as a result of increased technology coupling and R & D reuse by medium-level structures, thus increasing in-house R & D investment.
Quality. The future is expected to further improve the efficiency of corporate R & D. (2) The profitability model has been upgraded, and the stability and sustainability of revenue collection is expected to increase.
While raising the R&D cost rate, it helps meet client customization and individualization needs, improves user repurchase rates, and improves client stickivity, and companies are committed to moving from a one-time charge, such as an int software, to a fee, such as a service operation, thereby increasing income predictability and sustainability.
VIII. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating 8.1 Profit forecasting and assumptions.
The annual income growth has declined from 2021, and we believe that as the epidemic improves, the credit booms, and the digital transformations escalate, the public sector’s operations will increase steadily in the future.
3. Internet innovation business: the company ' s Internet innovation business, with one-stop cloud service solution as its core product, provides cloud-based investment transactions, valuations, etc., which is expected to continue at a robust pace in the future, given the trend towards cloud transformation.
Enterprise, Insurance Core and Infrastructureit: Companies continuously expand their cash management and corporate financial clients. The business does not have 5. Data risk and infrastructure business: corporate data risk business is well under way, with companies in the middle of the company, in the middle of the company's business, in the middle of the data, and we have chosen to take the lead in other areas of computer segmentation: Faith in uniforms, friend networks and outreach.
As comparable companies, and using the pe valuation method to value permanent electronics. Comparable companies averaged about 60.66 times the average in 2024, and companies valued about less than the average in 2024, and we gave Helium Electronic 60 times the average in 2024 to estimate the development of innovative business by industry clients, which in turn affected the growth of corporate business;
2. The growth of securitiesit inputs or exposure to fluctuations in the size of stock market transactions, if they are highly volatile, may slow down the product replacement process or affect the company ' s related revenues if the financial innovation does not advance as expected; 4. Increased competition in the industry and the company ' s market share or impact.
Chengxiang, Associate Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Business Administration, Beijing University, Bachelor of Management, Wuhan University, joined the Sindam Securities Research Institute in July 2021 for research in the Computer Industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.