Waldensecurities International-a Unit Study, 25 April 2023
Industry changes have brought about a sustained growth market, a new generation of business structures that provide a strong development momentum, and a basic end to the expansion period of the workforce, which is expected to open up the space for future performance release — a constant electronic (60570.0sh) investment value analysis report — and our financial sector is expected to continue to change and increase the space for industry.
In February 2023, the CVM held an annual system working session to study the implementation of a comprehensive registration reform, recommended (for the first time) interconnectivity with offshore markets, and promoted a number of capital market priorities, such as the regularization of public fund-raising reits.
In the future, as our capital markets move towards developed international markets, industrial innovation will lead to the upgrading and development of financial institutions, thereby promoting business-related upgrades of the int system and sustained growth in the demand for new construction. At the same time, horizontal comparisons between banking and insurance institutions, which are currently investing in digital construction, are taking place.
The percentage is significantly lower. In January 2023, the Chinese Securities Association issued an opinion draft for a three-year plan for the upgrading of Internet and Information Security (2023-2025) by the Ministry of International Studies on Securities in China, encouraging the stockholders to invest on average in information technology over the next three years.
The amount of revenue is not less than 8 per cent of the average net profit or 6 per cent of the average operating income, and the amount of input is required to be significantly higher than the standard in the original work guidance.
• The infrastructure + core product business architecture is improving, and customer systems upgrading needs are high. In our view, there is a huge need to transform future financial core systems from a centralized one-size-fits-all to cloud-based, distributed, low-time, open-technology architecture.
A new generation of core products, represented by 045, uf3.0, has also completed the introduction of advanced and distributed micro-service architecture designs and major upgrades in cloud-based technologies. In 2022, a new generation of corporate business products has been well developed.
The future of existing systems with a wide space for replacement, a solid base of trust and a promise of greater customer stickyness, leading to increased certainty in revenue growth, and by the end of 2022, more than 70 corporate products, including multiple core business systems, had been delivered to each other.
Other autonomous IP servers, terminals, databases, and operating systems can be compatible to meet regulatory requirements for matching innovations. At the same time, the company has developed the capacity to implement a comprehensive package of financial message solutions that combines “advisory planning-structure design-implementation-delivery-sales” and is effectively reduced.
Low client trust is expected to increase client sticky even further. • The period of expansion of the size of the workforce is largely over, and improvements in the quality of corporate collections are expected to continue. As a typical technology-intensive enterprise, large-scale changes in company employees in the short term will result in a higher quality of corporate revenues.
In 2021, the size of the company ' s staff expanded considerably, resulting in a short-term pressure on the quality of its revenues. Since 2022, the pace of expansion of the company ' s staff has slowed significantly, while the pay-related cost-expenditure pressures associated with the large-scale expansion of its previous staff have been largely absorbed, and the company ' s Māori ratio has hit the bottom.
As the company’s new generation of business product sales spread further, higher levels of product standardization and development will also lead to marginal gains that are expected to contribute to the continued optimization of corporate human effectiveness in the future. A new generation of core product promotions is less than expected with clients’ needs, and industry competition increases risks.
1.1. Financial science and technology (fintech) industry profile and current status. The Global Financial Stability Council (fsb) defines financial science and technology as cutting-edge technology-based innovation in financial services, as a means of reshaping or creating new financial business models, processes or products, which is an important technological shape to support the continuous innovation of the financial sector.
Technology-driven innovation, promising prospects for future development of the financial science and technology sector Advances in science and technology are driving the growth of the financial science and technology sector. In recent years, computer-related basic information technology developments have evolved rapidly, such as improved and commercialization of cutting-edge information technology applications such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains, and technological advances.
This has led to reforms and innovations in financial products and operations, leading to the upgrading of the related systems and the growth of new construction needs, and has opened up a new round of rapid development opportunities for the global financial science and technology sector. At the same time, the new crowning epidemic has led to a significant increase in the scale of online operations by financial institutions, and has further accelerated the digitalization of the financial sector, with rising investment in the industry.
KPMG data show that, in 2021, a total of 5,684 transactions in financial science and technology were recorded globally, totalling US$ 210 billion, a significant increase from 2020, and that the heat in the financing market for industry has quickly returned to pre-epidemiological levels. The market for financial science and technology in our country has expanded considerably.
Financial science and technology, accelerating the digital transformation of financial institutions, is an important task that is expected to expand the market size of our financial science and technology sector at a significant rate as the development of financial science and technology programmes progresses steadily. According to the Irene advisory forecast, in 2020, the country's three major financial institutions, banks, insurance and securities institutions, invested a total of RMB 26,990 million in technology; in 2024, the total amount of technology is expected to grow.
Of these, the share of technical investment by our securities agencies is expected to rise significantly, and there is much room for growth in digital construction in the future. In terms of the share of investment by the major types of financial institutions, the share of technical investment by our securities agencies is currently relatively low, with only 9.8% of total investment by the three major financial institutions in 2020, with the construction of the country’s future multi-level capital markets, the implementation of a comprehensive registration system, and the development of a comprehensive registration system.
A number of capital market change initiatives, such as financial product innovation, continue to be active and will provide significant growth in the country’s portfolio information infrastructure. According to the Irene Consulting Project, in 2024, the share of technical investment in securities institutions is expected to increase to 23.4% compared to 2020, while at the same time, in terms of the type of specific construction projects, the country’s securities industry is currently making major technological investments in comparison with banks and insurance agencies.
The ratio is expected to remain at around 18% for the period 2020-2024, according to the Ire advisory projections: the banking sector, which is the backbone of our financial sector, has taken the lead in the process of digital transformation over the same period, with digital construction rising from 40% in 2020 to 2024.
The share of investment in the digitalization of the leading banking institutions has been steadily increasing, and we believe that the future digitalization of our securities institutions will have broad scope for growth.
According to the data of the special survey carried out by the nifa association with KPMG China, in 2021, the number of large enterprises valued at more than 20 billion in the country's financial science and technology enterprises increased significantly, with 13 per cent valued at more than 20 billion, compared to 3 per cent in 2020, and there is a clear trend towards an increase in the top-level effect of the development of our financial science and technology industry.
In terms of the main financial areas, the differences in the share of top suppliers in the financial and technological markets of our banks are not significant, and overall market concentration is not high. According to idc data, in 2020, the market for banking solutions in our banks was the third largest market share, with the corresponding municipalities accounting for 5.9 per cent, 4.3 per cent, and 4.1 per cent respectively.
In the insurance-it solution market, there is a higher concentration in the industry. In 2020, the market share of S&M alone was 35%, while the distribution of other manufacturers’ business was more fragmented and the industry’s headline effects were evident. In China’s securities-it solution market, the market pattern has been more stable in recent years, with constant electronics sitting steadily in the chair, with a significant market share in 2021.
1.2. The country’s financial sector’s digital transformation has accelerated, with the industry entering a phase of self-regulation and technological innovation deepening. 1.2.1. Policies have contributed to the acceleration of the digital transformation of our financial sector
In December 2021, the State Council issued the “14th Five” Digital Economic Development Plan, which states that data will be a key element in the 14th Five-Year Plan, focusing on digital technology and the deep integration of the real economy, strengthening the digital infrastructure, improving the digital system of economic governance, working together to promote digital and industrial digitization, enabling the upgrading of traditional industries and fostering new industries.
In January 2022, the People’s Bank of China issued the Financial Science and Technology Development Plan (2022-2025), based on the deepening of the application of the elements of financial data, in order to accelerate the digital transformation of financial institutions.
In January 2023, the Chinese Securities Association issued a request for advice on a three-year plan to upgrade Internet and Information Security (2023-2025).
See draft, for a total of 33 clear priorities for voucher IT construction for the period, which include: encouraging companies in a position to do so to actively pursue the construction of a new generation of core systems, undertaking the transformation and upgrading of the core system ' s technological architecture, moving from centralized know-how to split, low-time, open technology architecture, accelerating the upturn of information systems, carrying and operating information through cloud computing platforms
The system is no less than 60%, and the cloud-bearing system is not less than 10% carried by cloud platforms, such as containers. At the same time, the average amount invested in information technology over the next three years is not less than 8% of the average net profit, or 6% of the average operating income.
On the one hand, in terms of future development of the model, the above-mentioned SAC upgrades target for the amount of information technology input compared to the information technology governance guidelines (pilot) issued in 2008: the average amount of input is not less than 6 per cent of the average net profit for the last three fiscal years or 3 per cent of the average operating income for the last three fiscal years.
On the other hand, it has benefited from an accelerated process of conversion of our capital markets to developed markets, increased innovation in financial products, and we expect that our securities agency’s future revenue growth will be sustained and faster, leading to an increase in demand for related information technology inputs.
At the same time, reforms in the financial sector are continuing, and financial institutions’ business models and regulatory requirements will continue to be renewed, with market-scale increases in the financial science and technology sector. As new financial regulations are put in place, comprehensive and implemented, they will lead to an upgrade of information systems and an increase in the volume of business built.
At present, the central database of our financial institutions uses a centralized database, which, according to the Fiti data, accounts for a high proportion of the financial sector in general.
89%. But with the deepening of modern financial innovation and the increasing volume and frequency of transactions, centralized databases are difficult to meet the growing demand for low-time, high- and real-time processing of big data, and open elastic expansion. And the new generation of distributed databases have higher data access speed, support for larger and more frequent transactions, and are easy to expand, economical, and so on.
There is a broad consensus that the national production distribution architecture database will be the mainstream of the future development of our database as a result of the wave of trust in our country. According to Irey's consulting research, about 96% of the respondents have bank figures, and strategic practitioners have preferred national producers and over 90% of the bank's digital strategy developers have found distributed data.
The bank will be an indispensable technological input in the future, and the distributional database in the country is not very high, and according to the Fiti data, it is only 7.7% for the financial sector as a whole, especially the securities and insurance sectors, which account for 3.7%, 11.9%, and are still at a low level.
The core system of financial institutions, because of its greater complexity and the need to operate safely and securely, has been working at a slower pace for the generation of national production databases for the industry-wide core system, with low national production innovation products. At present, neither of the three major financial institutions has a national production data base of more than 20%. The financial core of the future national production distribution database is subject to automated information security requirements.
The financial sector’s information systems will show an accelerated trend. Cloud computing, which has developed for over a decade now, is technologically mature enough to help businesses access more efficient services at lower cost and in a more flexible manner.
In 2030, the ebitda value that cloud computing can bring to the world’s 500 largest firms will exceed $1 trillion, increasing the efficiency of the development and maintenance of migration applications by 38%, and the cost-effectiveness of the infrastructure by 29%. In recent years, the cloud computing industry has grown rapidly, driven by a combination of policy-led support, the digital transformation of enterprises, and the growing recognition of cloud technology.
Because the financial sector has very high standards of demand for transactional data delays, low-time hardware and software technology is critical to improving the quality of operations of financial enterprises. By means of cloud computing technology, financial firms can be helped to effectively address problems such as the integrated management and operation of low-time hardware and software facilities.
In the context of our financial sector's trust, cloud computing technology is highly relevant to the needs of financial institutions to be agile and responsive, and we believe that future information systems in the financial sector are expected to accelerate the process of financial data intelligence.
As machine-deep learning techniques, natural language processing algorithms, and other related artificial intelligence technologies progress, their application in the financial field is increasing. In recent days, the United States financial intelligence giant, Bloomberggpt, has launched a self-researched large language model in the financial field, which builds on the extensive financial data resources of Bloomberg, with 50 billion parameters and 363 billion.
We believe that, on the basis of a breakthrough in the model of a self-controlled large national language, and the system for compliance with the relevant data, the process of landing artificial intelligence applications in our financial sector will be fully accelerated, and it is hoped that it will be structured and intelligent in client profiles.
Technology has become an important contributor to the development of the financial sector, which is in the midst of a process of intellectual transformation. On the basis of our intellectual, ecological, and industry-building financial innovation, business and technology will move towards a deeper convergence that will bring business scenes, processes, and management.
With artificial intelligence, there will also be profound changes in the way financial institutions are organized and managed, as well as in the corporate culture. Figure 5: Artificial intelligence empowerment, with data intelligence developing into the “digital intelligence” phase
The intelligence phase, the digital phase, the treatment phase.
Artisanal electronicization, industry, financial innovation will become intelligence, information building, driving the business forward.
In the process of building centralised, centralized system-based information,
, operations and technology will move, centralize and elevate the data.
Integration to depth, automation, data automation, data availability
It's going to be intelligent, it's going to be clustered, it's going to focus on governance, quality improvement, knitting, corporate culture.
There will be profound changes in enabling business and decision-making, and E.H. (600577.sh) is our leading provider of financial science and technology products and services, based in Hangzhou, China.
Founded in 1995 and successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange's main board in 2003. The company focuses on the financial sector, with its mission to “simplify finance” and provides one-stop financial science and technology solutions for clients such as securities, futures, public funds collection, trusts, insurance, private funds collection, banks and industry, exchanges, and emerging industries.
idc has published a 100-percent list of global financial science and technology, ranking 24th in 2022; and has been listed for years by the Ministry of Trade and Communications as China’s top ten self-owned brand software companies. In the context of the broader financial digitalization transition, companies move from process digitization to business digitization, and finance continues to grow.
The new business architecture of digital financial infrastructure + a new generation of core products will better assist financial institutions in managing assets, serving clients and helping them to upgrade their financial digitalization.
2.1. Corporate overview: The six broad portfolios of business are comprehensive, the new generation of core product systems are well-developed. The company’s industry solutions cover a broad range of financial institutions and enable large-scale business customers.
In 2022, in the face of many challenges to company operations affected by the new coronary outbreak, the spread of products, and the implementation of on-site delivery, companies have been dynamically adjusting their business strategies to take advantage of the financial sector.
The market opportunities offered by the digitalization of the industry have been remarkable in its efforts to expand the new generation of products. Under external pressure, the company’s operating income has increased at a higher double-digit rate of 18.3% over the year.
For $28.05 million, or 43.1 per cent, or 23.6 per cent, of the total revenue, the Big Manager's IT operation maintained a strong growth momentum on a high-standard basis, rising by 28.0 per cent from the previous year, with the highest rate of growth among the six major business plates.
In 2022, in terms of core products, the core products of the company ' s new generation distributed architecture, represented by uf3.0 and o45, were completed, with multiple clients expanding and maintaining market and technological leadership; in terms of upgrading the business model, the company ' s wealth, management cloud completed a change of board of directors and a change in business architecture was expected to bring about a sustained increase in human effectiveness.
In a new election, Fan Chau was elected as the new president and upgraded the company’s organizational structure with an ipd change of mind. A “distributed” high-iron structure was established.
Each business team has its own power system, which makes it more efficient and dynamic to operate. 2.1.1. Digital financial infrastructure + a new generation of core product systems is expected to respond to a strong upgrading of demand, as described in the industry trend analysis, and in the context of the digital financial wave, traditional monolithic alignment of the architecture of the core financial system has become difficult.
In our view, the potential need for a transformation of the future financial core system from a centralized, unitary architecture to a cloud-based, distributed, slow-time, open-technology architecture is enormous. Faced with industrial change, companies are actively seized of the cutting edge of the digital finance age, and are keen to capture market opportunities.
The company is committed to continuously exporting the technology base for the digitalization of capital markets, and is now autonomous in the development of the financial digital infrastructure and the development of the new generation of the infrastructure light.
The architecture of the corporate financial system, based on a cloud-based and distributed approach, further divides operations into micro-services that, while meeting the technological development needs of cloud-based, high-performance, multi-intellectual industries, can also make development less difficult, more efficient and more stable.
Figure 8: Corporate financial digital infrastructure light 10 technology stores Low-delaylight-ldp performancelight-devops
Microservice light-jres Low-code light-tom frontend light-fe
Software online collaboration and management throughout the life cycle Provision of development frameworks, intermediates, gateways, and the construction of financial core high-speed business systems
Microservice development through configuration-driven models and graphic start-up front-end application of integrated R & D delivery platforms Service governance
The launch tool completes the development of the application system and distributes the background to the cloud.
Block chainlight-hsl databaselight-db artificial intelligencelight-ai
Large Data Light-data light-core financial sector block chain infrastructure products, with the aim
Large-scale data processing, data management, sustainable self-design, financial capital for R & D Self-design, open source distribution for R & D
In providing a trusted business for the financial sector, a permanent cloud-breeding Paas platform provides a big data platform with analytical capabilities.
Market-ai open platform, collaborative base, box-based component services.
At present, the financial sector has a wide range of problems of development and transport isolation, environmental inconsistencies, and high collusiveness, causing the core of software development in the financial sector to suffer from the increasing complexity of development and the difficulty of delivery. In response to the industry’s pains, the company proposes to build a platform-to-manufacture.
The solution. The open-box component service, which supports the unified release experience of the dotted packagings, provides a gradual combination, double-module + cloud-compatibility, unified grid governance. In the components service ecology, the intermediates and open-source intermediates are supported for the various types of finance are open boxes, freely combined, and do not need to focus on the bottom.
Building a financial professional database that is separate from the market right-db. In recent years, our credit-related database products have become more diverse under the requirements of automatically controlled information security, but it is not good for the market to have more mainstream products.
A distributed database launched by Permanent Electronics focuses on the professional needs of the financial sector for data reliability and sensitivity, with companies focusing on the safety, stability, and low delay features of self-researching databases based on open-source postgresql stabilizers. In June 2022, light-db successfully passed through China.
The three tests of “basic competency assessment”, “stability-specific assessment” and “performance-specific assessment” in the IBI “trusted database assessment” have allowed the maturity and leadership of the database’s technical capabilities to be certified by industry standards and authorities.
Through the "big data plus artificial intelligence" technology, financial institutions can be empowered to make financial business processes more simple, decision-making more intelligent and intellectually transformed. Light-ai is a permanent electronic self-design R & D open platform for the financial industry, which integrates multiple front-line information technologies such as natural language processing in artificial intelligence, machine depth learning, etc., into the system and allows data to be marked.
Reviewing, researching, developing algorithms, shipping, etc. provides a powerful support platform to help financial institutions create intelligent applications that can efficiently enrich the scene, such as smart customer service, intellectual investment, smart wind control, intelligent compliance. We believe that a breakthrough in the national model of large-scale language production is likely to be achieved and that large models are available that are well developed and autonomously controlled in the use of relevant data compliance systems.
On the basis of this, the process of applying artificial intelligence to our financial sector is expected to accelerate. In February 2023, the company announced its access to a 100-degree model of language -- a textual approach that actively explores the integration of the generation of the ai technology with the financial core business scenario, taking into account the deep accumulation of artificial intelligence applications in the company, which is expected to lead the industry in the future.
The new generation of core products has completed major upgrades based on digital infrastructure, and future client demand for replacement is expected to grow strongly. The new generation of core products, represented by o45, uf3.0 as the basis for corporate business, has been introduced.
At present, the two new generations of core products have gained greater performance, maturity and stability, and the product industry’s recognition has been increasing. In 2022, the company’s new generation of core asset management q45 has reached 16 active clients throughout the year, and product sales have expanded.
The new generation of core corporate securities brokerage products, uf3.0 and some of its modules, have also been signed and accessed by a number of customers throughout the year. By the end of 2022, there were 140 national vouchers; by the end of March 2023, there were 142 public fund management companies. Thus, the market penetration rate of the new generation of core products is still low.
We believe that, thanks to its significant performance advantages, a combination of the benefits of high interest in product demand and higher demand for downstream upgrades and replacements, a new generation of core products in the company has a wide range of possibilities for upgrading over the next few years.
The institutions maintain long-term and intensive cooperation and are actively involved in financial ownership and innovation. They are actively exercising their autonomy through various means, such as self-researching in key areas and building joint innovation laboratories with multiple partners. They are constantly developing innovations in the application of innovative practices and are making every effort to promote financial innovation.
Drawing-structing-implementing-post-sale-vitage as a whole solution to financial innovation can provide financial institutions with a full-store credit service that effectively reduces the client’s credit burden. In self-researching of innovation products in key areas, permanent electronics is now available: financial distribution database light-db, distribution
At the end of 2022, the company had more than 70 products, including: o45, uf3.0, ta,
Core business systems, such as fast-track trading, financial operating systems, hosting valuation systems, have completed the compatibility of other proprietary servers, terminals, databases and operating systems in the country, meeting regulatory concerns about innovation in general.
Given the fact that one generation of core products has been upgraded and validated, and that the company’s core products have met the regulatory IT compatibility requirement, we believe that the certainty of future upgrading needs for the former downstream client systems is increasing. At present, the new generation of core products in the Department is not yet fully operational, but the trend towards full roll-out of operations is now well under way, and there is scope for future replacement.
Active embrace of the wider market, new business expansion and breakthroughs In the face of continuing business innovation and regulatory changes in the financial sector, persistent electronics have been moving forward over the years through endogenous development and investment mergers and acquisitions, “introduction” and “outward” strategic layouts, moving rapidly into new business areas and widening horizontally.
Hong Kong, as one of our major windows connecting the world, is strategically important in the development of our capital markets. Since 2008, the company has been exploring the Hong Kong market and forming its son-in-law.
In 2010, the company became the country's first Hong Kong exchange-qualified bs supplier. In 2011, the Hengsheng e-Hong Kong trading system became the first to go online in light securities (Hong Kong).
So, the company’s product lines cover the entire range of Hong Kong capital and middle- and middle-income securities dealers, while also increasing the company’s overall market share in the Hong Kong market stock exchange system. In 2019, Hong Kong’s Henseng Electronics Network and Ayas announced a merger to create a cloud of technology.
During the 2022 reporting period, cloud technology achieved operating revenues of 188 million, a 10% increase over the same period; five new customers were added, with a further increase in market share. A breakthrough was made in the expansion of several subsidiary products, and both the Fusioninvest and esop systems achieved the strategic "introduction" key layout, the acquisition of a bank finance management system, and the rapid entry into the banking core business area.
Through two business acquisitions, the company quickly refined the product lines of the central bank fund management system.
It has also improved the coverage of software products for companies in terms of fixed earnings, complex derivatives, and structural products, thereby enhancing horizontally the ability of permanent electronics to provide integrated, process-wide solutions to banking institutions.
In 2021, he acquired the country's leading insurance service provider, the insurance service provider, the insurance service provider. It was a comprehensive solution for the insurance industry and a service provider for the insurance sector, with a comprehensive coverage of the major insurance areas.
On the basis of the programme, the product layout of the insurance core business system was further refined; during the 2022 reporting period, the new generation of the company ' s digital life insurance core system was fielded for the first time in the life of a priority client, Jun Long; and in the area of finance, the first non-corporate product replacement was achieved for the finance core system project.
2.2. Corporate core resources and competitive advantage analysis: Technology innovation is high, markets are highly visible, and as one of the top producers in our financialit services industry, companies have always been technology-based in their development path, thereby gradually building their core competitive advantages in the industry and maintaining their long-term dominance in market competition with outstanding technological innovation capabilities
In 2022, the company spent a total of 2,346 million yuan on R & D, with an R & D rate of 36.1 per cent, far higher than the industry median of 17.0 per cent and comparable companies; in 2022, the company ' s R & D-related personnel continued to be a source of technological innovation. In 2022, the company was selected for the fifteenth consecutive year as a well-known international data agency, idc.
The number of top companies in the world’s financial science and technology has risen to 24, up 14 from last year’s, while China’s top ranking is constantly narrowing the gap between big companies and the international giants. Figure 9: Companies’ 15th consecutive year of Fintech 100, ranking continues to rise, industry recognition continues to rise.
As a technology-intensive firm, how to capture the right market technology needs from the new and emerging technological developments, and to be able to first publish the business as it moves towards 2001, the business risks generated by the decentralized trading system model and the costs of investing in it at various points of business are high.
The issue is becoming more and more evident in the development of the industry, where our financial sector core system has begun an era of gradual transition to a centralized approach. Companies have developed a nuclear-heart trading system tailored to the needs of the market at the time, through a sharp judgement and forward-looking layout of trends in market demand and technological development, thus emerging from market competition and completing the transition from project-based service to standardized product-based companies.
At a time when the country’s financial core system is shifting from centralized know-how to distributed, low-time, open-technology architecture, companies are also at the forefront of industry practices. At present, companies have developed their own financial digital infrastructure.
A new generation of core products, represented by o45, uf3.0, has also completed a comprehensive transformation of advanced distributed micro-service architecture design and cloud-based technologies. 2.3. Corporate efficiency, management efficiency, profitability analysis
2.3.1. The epidemic has resulted in reduced operational efficiency, but the ability to collect and make money remains high. In 2020, the company did have a greater impact on accounting items such as operating income, operating costs, sales costs, etc. because of the implementation of new revenue standards. To maintain data consistency, we selected the company ' s finances for almost three years after the implementation of the new standards.
Analysis and comparison of performance data (selected during the financial analysis segment below). In 2022, the company ' s weekly accounts receivable days were 47 days, inventory turnover days were 106 days and accounts payable turnover days were 111 days, all three indicators showing an upward trend over the last three years. We believe that the increase in accounts receivable and inventory turnover days is mainly due to recurring outbreaks.
The slowdown in on-site delivery, which also contributed to the lengthening of upstream supply-side receipt and inspection delivery times, led to a significant increase in the working days of corporate payables, which have fallen since the height of the year and have largely benefited from a higher increase in the working days of current corporate payables than receivables
An increase in the number of days spent on cash and inventory. Good level. Overall, the company's ability to make cash is strong, largely because of the company's higher position in the entire industry chain and the company's business model of late development delivery in the form of advance receipts.
(b) Higher annual growth in corporate R & D staff and higher current product R & D investment, while the related products have not yet achieved scalable income;
Year after year, as research and development (R & D) for a number of products comes to an end, while sales are showing a good spread, bringing down R & D rates. We believe that there is still room for further optimization of future R & D rates as a new generation of core products is being implemented on a continuous basis.
At the same time, we have selected top-point software, China and China, and Kwang Technology, similar to the content of the company ' s business, in the Shinwan II software development industry, as comparable companies, and have combined industry horizontal comparisons with the industry ' s median. In 2022, the company sales fee was 9.5%, which is closer to the industry ' s median 9.1%, and higher than the sales cost of the major comparable companies for the same period.
This is related to the company’s growing scope in recent years and the relatively high demand for business extension activities following the release of a new generation of core products. During the same period, corporate management costs were 13.4%, higher than the industry’s median 9.4%, and consistently high levels of inputs, with research and development-related personnel reaching 7.016 at the end of the period, and 50% of the total number of employees employed by the firm.
During the same period, R & D costs reached 36.1%, well above the industry median of 17.0%, and E.H. is also the leading provider of financial technology products and services in the country, with a typical technology-intensive company. The related human costs are a major part of the company’s operating costs, and changes in the size of the company’s employees will have a greater impact on the quality of the company’s revenues.
Impact. In 2021, the size of the company ' s staff expanded considerably, with the number of employees at the end of the period increasing to 13,310, a 36.7% increase in the same year, resulting in a significant expansion in the size of the workforce, which led to short-term pressure on the quality of the company ' s revenues during the year, and the cost-related expenditure pressures associated with the company ' s large-scale expansion of its Māori rate in the same period of decline in 2021 were largely absorbed.
The cash amount paid by employees rose by only 2.9% from the ring to 73.6% in 2022, and the collection quality improvement point is now in place. As the company’s new generation of core product operations expands, the higher double-digit increase in revenue size is expected to continue, with higher levels of product standardization leading to higher marginal benefits, which will further enhance the company’s human effectiveness.
The lower net interest rate on sales was mainly affected by the loss of fair value resulting from the holding of financial assets, with net profit from non-mortality remaining strong at 20.9 per cent. On the roe (deweighted) indicator, there was a decline in 2022, mainly due to the payment of shares generated by the company ' s red share transfer and the employee incentive scheme, resulting in a relative increase in the pay-off of the denominator owner ' s interests.
We believe that a new generation of corporate product development platforms can be effective in improving development efficiency and optimizing operating costs; at the same time, the quality of future public revenue is expected to improve continuously, with a substantial expansion of company personnel largely ending, performance pressures being absorbed and revenue growing on a sustained and high scale.
In comparison with industry laterally, in 2022, the company’s main profitability indicators were industry leaders, with: Māori sales, where 73.6% of the company’s Māori ratio was far higher than the industry’s median of 54.2%, and was significantly higher than that of the major comparable companies. This also reflected the company’s high bargaining power in the chain, its high share of core industry products in business earnings, and its clear product structure.
2.4.2023 - 2025, when looking at the profits of the sub-business as a whole, we believe that the growth rate of corporate revenue has been higher with the elimination of the disruptions, the higher demand for downstream upgrades, the expansion of the new generation of products, and the completion of multi-purpose core products.
A total of 16 clients have been introduced throughout the year, and a new generation of system products is still in the advanced stages of roll-out, with the prospect of a continued high level of business in the future (2) Large Retailit operation: 2022, the new generation central trading system uf3.0 of the core products of corporate securities brokerage and its modules have been newly signed and accessed by a number of customers, and the new generation of operating systems have been fully launched.
The process of creation is expected to accelerate further; at the same time, the high performance of the new generation of systems has led to the upgrading of the core system by coupons) (3) Internet innovation business: companies have been working to promote the transformation of industry, with distributed clouds of autonomous research and development, raw financial infrastructure light, and new generation core system products have been completed on a distributed cloud basis.
As the penetration rate of a new generation of core products increases in the future, it is expected to drive the growth of business revenues from one-stop cloud service solutions. In financial data and information services, companies are also improving their competitiveness in terms of industrial chain analysis frameworks, cloud research, reading, and writing, and are expected to grow faster in the future with innovative technologies such as artificial intelligence.
(4) Enterprise, insurance core and infrastructureit operations: through various acquisition initiatives, the company has rapidly moved into the core business areas of banking, insurance. Building on the 2022 breakthroughs in banking and insurance core business, it is expected that the future will continue to be high-competitive and increase market share. We anticipate that, in 2023-2025, business capital, insurance core and infrastructureit operations will continue to grow.
(5) Data Risks and Platform Tech Operations: As data intelligence is increasingly integrated with the core business of financial institutions, such as risk compliance management, a constant electronic compliance management solution can effectively contribute to the intellectual transformation of risk compliance without a robust growth in the scale of their operations. At the same time, corporate innovation is compatible, Internet-distributed micro-service architecture jres, high performance
Platforms such as databaselightdb, low-timed distribution platform ldp are well-structured, technology and product performance industries are leading, low-code platform development works well and future revenue growth is highly certain. We expect 2023-2025, which refers to the company ' s cost trends over the last three years, taking into account the fact that 2023 is still the year of sales for the company ' s new generation of core products.
In the lead-up period, with more outreach activities and higher sales costs, the next two years of spending on sales costs are expected to be year-by-year, the period of large-scale expansion of the overall workforce will be largely over, and management rates will be expected to be maintained in the future, with the rapid growth in the scale of operations, as research and development of a number of products comes to an end and as the new generation of corporate development platforms further improves the efficiency of R & D production
Upgrade. There is still room for further optimization of the future R & D rates for companies. We predict that for the same period, detailed financial statements for the period and data on key indicators can be found in the table at the end of the main body of the report.
Based on the above-mentioned corporate performance projections, we have measured that in 2023, companies matched p/e, p/s, p/b, far below the GLST valuation level of 34.264 and higher than the top software and Chinese soft valuation levels.
3.2. Absolute corporate valuation: an analysis of the dcf model valuation, where the company is valued using the dcf model at the same time, the key underlying assumptions are as follows: (1). risk-free interest rate lf: based on the current 10-year rate of return on our national debt, projected at 2.85 per cent;
(2) Equity market risk premium: based on the latest Chinese equity market risk premium published by Damodaran in January 2023 (4). Post-tax debt capital cost kd: based on lpr, the latest published by the People ' s Bank, for a period of five years or more, projected to be 4.3 per cent, in conjunction with the actual tax rate of the company;
On the basis of the above assumptions, we have been able to measure the company Wacc, which is 10.69%, corresponding to the forecast of fcffs for each year, to arrive at a reasonable value range for the company’s whole valuation model. Our financial sector is constantly changing, and this will provide a room for continuous industry growth.
In January 2023, the Chinese Securities Association issued an opinion on the three-year plan for the upgrading of Internet and Information Security (2023-2025), proposing a total of 33 clear-cut priorities for the construction of a voucher in the period under review, and encouraging coupons to invest on average in information technology for the next three years.
8 per cent of the average net profit or 6 per cent of the average operating income, which represents a significant improvement over the level required in the previous guidelines. In February 2023, the CMS convened an annual system workshop, which was deployed: full implementation of the stock issue registration system; reforms to deepen connectivity with offshore markets; and progress in the development and stabilization of a number of capital market reforms, such as the regularization of public fund-raising reits.
In the future, as our capital markets move towards developed international markets, changes such as the construction of multiple levels of capital markets, full registration and innovation in financial products will continue to be dynamic, leading to the innovation and development of the business model of financial institutions, the upgrading of the industry-related IT system and the growth of new construction needs, which will provide the financial science and technology industry with an ongoing impetus and promise.
At the same time, horizontally compared to banks and insurance institutions, our securities institutions now account for a significantly lower percentage of digital investment, and there will be much room for development in the future. The business architecture of digital financial infrastructure + a new generation of core products is being improved, and corporate innovation is becoming more compatible.
In our view, there is a huge need to transform the future financial core system from a centralized, mono-structured to cloud-based, distributed, low-time, open-technology architecture. Companies have already developed and implemented financial digital infrastructure on their own, and a new generation of IT-based light development.
The new generation of core products, 045, uf3.0, has also completed major upgrades in the use of advanced distributed micro-service architecture and cloud-based technologies. In 2022, the company’s core product business expansion was well advanced.
With regard to financial letter creation, by the end of 2022, core business systems such as: uf3.0, ta, ust speed trading, financial operating systems, hosting valuation systems, etc., had completed the compatibility of service servers, terminals, databases, operating systems with other autonomous intellectual property rights in the country, meeting regulatory requirements for the matching of innovations.
At the same time, the company has developed an integrated approach to financial innovation that combines “advisory planning-structure design-implementation of delivery-post-sale security.” The ability to implement a solution that effectively reduces the client’s credit-creating burden is expected to increase customer stickyness.
In 2021, the company experienced a significant expansion in the size of its staff, with 36.7 per cent of its end-of-service staff rising from year to year, which led to a short-term pressure on the quality of the company’s revenues for the year. Since 2022, the expansion of the company’s staff has slowed significantly.
At the end of the period, the number of active employees increased by only 0.3%. At the same time, the pay-related cost burden of the large-scale expansion of the previous period has been largely absorbed, with companies paying their employees and cash payments to their employees increasing by only 2.9% on a ring basis.
The growth in numbers is or will be sustained, with higher levels of product standardization leading to marginal gains, and a further benchmark indicator that is expected to contribute to corporate effectiveness in the future is: a share - the master panel benchmark is 300 indexes, the start-up panel benchmark is the start-up panel, the start-up panel benchmark is 50 indexes, the Northwards benchmark is 50 indexes; the Hong Kong share benchmark is the permanent electronics index; and the US share benchmark is 500 index markers.
At present, a new generation of core products is still in the advanced stages of replication, and if the demand for current products or downstream client switching falls short of expectations, it will have a greater impact on the company’s future performance. Industry competition increases the risk.
There are relatively few contestants, who have a higher position and voice in the industrial chain. In the future, increased competition in the industry will adversely affect the market share of companies and the quality of revenue.
The company is a 33-year-old voucher dealer and owns license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the CVM.