The impact of the epidemic has led to a significant slowdown in the construction and completion of real estate, a major impact on the renovation-related walls, led operations, the gradual warming of property since the completion of q2 and the steady increase in converters and digital fittings, and the gradual resumption of the wall switches and led operations.
Su. The company ' s Māori rate was 37.64 per cent in the first half of the year, a decline of 2.65 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to a decline in the ratio of income from wall switches with a high Māori rate.
Accelerating the spread of new products, empowering distributors, and companies working on their internal skills. New products: based on deep consumer insight, the company introduced two poles of mini, home, new plugs, mid-end piano, 65w and higher power fast charging in the first half of the year.
Most of the new products, such as source products, multiple mobile power sources, have received better market feedback. At the same time, companies have accelerated work on short panels for the led product series, continuously refining product matrices such as light sources, basic lamps, lamps, lights, etc., while placing 10 decorative lamps on the market.
New items. Enabling distributors: Seizing the opportunities of the epidemic, Inc. actively engages in online training of distributors, while coordinating marketing with distributors’ support networks. Companies continue to promote large clients, digital marketing, and smart-house strategies.
The company has now entered into a partnership with large housing companies such as Paulie, Bronze, Goldfield, etc., as well as embedded products with furniture such as Sofia. Digital marketing: On the one hand, the company is actively promoting online distributor development and precision electricity.
Business operations, on the other hand, are conducted through a digital platform such as shivering, little red books and micro-letters. Smart households: In the first half of the year, companies focused on driving smart wall switch plugs, bulls (8621) 60935389
Research and development of cloud, smart modules and continuous optimization of the experience of bull wiser app users. Macroeconomic recovery has fallen short of expectations; global epidemics have been repeated; Māori rates have declined significantly; and market-based rating ratio analysis of relevant reports
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment