The Bulls Group (603195), company review report, 21st of August 2020, Bulls Group.
The epidemic led to a decline in performance in the first half of the year, a marked improvement in the q2 battalion, and the closure of the sub-division hardware store. With the stabilization of the domestic epidemic and the recovery in economics and consumption, public sector q2 performance improved significantly, with 2.729 billion won in the second quarter, a 97.78 per cent increase in the ring.
The company insists on continuing to explore product innovation through user insight and product life-cycle management, with the first half of 2020 launching the Mini bipolar and Home-Hing new plug series. The Mini series is cogent.
A wonderful structure and a very simple look, with its remarkable value for money rapidly taking over the market, with market shares showing a steady growth trend; a new look for the plugs blended into the modern fashion style of pops, with a completely new, flat mechanical switch, and a guaranteed hand-to-hand experience at the time of pressure.
In terms of channels, companies have increased the promotion of super-sales for converters ' hardware channels, increased the efficiency and output of single shops, and expanded supermarkets, unit engineering outlets, the first half of the year with a focus on trading companies, b2b collection platforms, and market structures are constantly improving.
The wall is heavily decorated and continues to enrich the series of led and digital accessories products.
In the bright area, companies continue to enrich alternative sources of light products in different settings, upgrade lamps, lights, lamps, marketed lights, mornings, etc., 10 decorative lamps; in digital accessories, companies actively expand fast charge power products with 65w and greater charge power, and multi-agreement compatibility with fast charge and nitrogenification
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.