q2 with a flat income and a smooth two-way expansion of the product channel - the Bulls Group's semi-annual review.
Billion yuan, or 24.3 per cent, of the company’s performance was largely in line with previous market expectations.q2 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 revenue was equal and b channels were fast-tracked, and according to the company announcement, in the second quarter of 2020, the company achieved the same revenue – 0.7 per cent, the same net profit for the mother – 4.6 per cent, and the same Q1 Q1
Income is almost equal and sales are rising steadily. At the end of the product, companies still insist on different features, such as decorating, eye-guarding, digitalization, and new and recognizable products are being introduced: at the end of the channel, companies are expanding their b-channels, and at the level of the group, a b-business unit is being created to consolidate internal and external resources, while at the same time it is already working with insurance, innovation, Sofia, Europe, etc.
Multi-property companies and household leaders have worked together to achieve rapid growth through relatively weak b-channels. Products and channels, the Unit’s two-way spatial expansion compared to the trend of Deep 300, and its performance and further recovery in the second half of the year are to be expected.
The Māori ratio is the same as -2.7 ptt, changes in product and channel structure or increases in the share of light and digital parts-type operations with relatively low interest rates for short-term pressure; at the end of the channel, end of the channel is the quick opening and delivery of q2, or leads to a low short-term pressure of the overall Māori rate.
R & D costs are the same as + 9.0 per cent, while mainstream R & D inputs remain high, with sales and financial costs falling considerably, mainly due to a reduction of 100 million yuan in transport costs and an increase of 200 million yuan in interest income; while R & D costs are the same as + 9.0 per cent, companies still maintain higher R & D inputs across major products.
Given that the company is the leader of the civil electric power industry, there is a strong advantage in the field of converters and wall-opening operations, the areas of led lighting, digital electricians, and b-end channels are well advanced and well advanced, and subsequent developments are expected to be “recommended” ratings.
The growth of new products is gaining momentum and the epidemic is on the rise for a long time — 603195 Bulls Group annual reports and one-quarter reports — the deterioration of competition patterns and the lack of new business expansion as expected.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.