Rally recovery, reversible consolidation of channels, rich product lines 18/08/2020 Research assistant Chai Ka Fai
▪ Rapid recovery of 20q2 performance, narrow decline of ring scale, rapid recovery of converters, and digital operations. The Department issued its semi-annual report for 2020, which achieved operating income of $4,109 million during the reporting period, a decline in the q2 converter, a rapid resumption of digital fittings operations and a degree of pressure on walls and lighting; q2
Quick recovery of converter q2 and increased development and expansion of channels, first half focus on trading companies, b2b collection platforms, and market structures are being optimized. q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 & Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 & Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q1 & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q
It's starting to recover quickly, and it's taking the lead in achieving a positive growth in sales. The end of the product continues, and the company introduced the mini bipolar slot series in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the focus was on trading companies, b2b collection platforms, and the market structure was constantly optimized. The wall switches plugs were under short pressure from downstream stoppages, but high-end products like Piano were launched.
The first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, the construction and decorative markets were less well under way, and the walls were needed. At the end of the product, the high-end piano series was set up.
At the same time, the company’s Tob Enterprise, which is part of the fenced business sector, is expected to open up new channels for direct sales, such as construction and home-loading. The lighting is equally short-term, taking advantage of the company’s channels, while the product lines are widening.
1 Bulls Group (603195): The annual report led lighted a little more than the wall, and the first half of the year was under pressure. At the same time, the company was fast-growing, it was beautiful, it had equity incentives, and the epidemic was short-term.
In the case of decorative lamps, companies are listed for 10 new items, such as lamps, lights, lamps, etc.
2- The Bulls Group (603195): Civil Electrics Ace, Class Development and Reboot — Digital Fine Business Channels and Products Together. Digitally, mobile sales canals continue to expand.
On the other hand, there is a steady diversification of the product lines and the fast-loading of 65w and higher power chargers, along with product technologies such as tws and high power density.
The main reasons for the decline in the Māori rate were structural changes, the increase in the share of converter products and the impact of the adjustment of the accounting calibre (the cost of the stream is classified from cost to cost).
The converter q2 is rapidly recovering, the conduits are growing and expanding, and during the first half of the year, the focus was on trading companies, b2b collection platforms, and the market structure is improving. o2 The converter business began to recover rapidly after the domestic epidemic slowed, leading by a positive increase in sales.
Prices have taken up the market rapidly and market shares have continued to grow; the idea of decorative and home-based plugs has been introduced, and a new set of plugs has been developed; in terms of appearances, through new processes and the use of new materials, the plugs are presented with natural log muscles that are integrated into modern popular styles; in terms of design, the autonomous development of new pure mechanical switches has ensured a good look.
The effects and the hand-to-hand experience of pressure, and the intervention that users can have when using a large-scale plug, are solved through a sophisticated side-plug-out. Sales end increases the growth of hardware-channel super-sales, improves the efficiency and output of single shops, and expands supermarkets, unit engineering outlets, and focuses on trading companies, b2b in the first half of the year, using distributors throughout the country.
The wall switch plugs are under short-term pressure from downstream stoppages, but high-end products such as Piano are rolled out, one-line and high-end markets are further deployed, tob departments are set up, and industry customers are being expanded.
At the end of the product, the high-end piano (Piano) series of decoration switches were successfully marketed, creatively rolled out metal money, glass money and smart money, completely new structures designed to achieve multi-materiality, multi-process compatibility and scalability.
It's also a short-term pressure, taking advantage of the company's channels, while the product lines are expanding.
At the same time, the company’s rapid expansion of product lines has continued to enrich alternative sources of light under the scene, introducing t-bulbs, t-5 and t8 tubes, fair-share panels, slides, and industrial-mine lamps, among other new items. In basic lamps, the market needs are re-matched and differentiated high-quality products are rapidly developed.
A full upgrade of the lamps, lights, and lamps will form a staircase matrix layout. In decorating the lamps, companies are marketed 10 new items, such as  and  and , and the product lines are widening.
At the end of the product, the rapid charging of 65w and greater power charger power has been actively expanded.
Source products, focusing on technology research and product layout on multi-agreement-compatible fast-loading, new material applications for nitrotonide, and upgrading electrical experiences and safety; while companies are looking to the future, smart electricians, such as layout tws, high-power-density power sources, are adding code. In the first half of 2020, companies focused on the development of smart wall switch plugs.
Continue to optimize the user experience of the Bull Wise, while accelerating the development of smart modules and bull clouds, expanding the openness of the business, connecting clouds to networks like Ali, Pedu, Kyundong, Mi, etc., supporting multiple mainstream smartphone voice control.
With the epidemic affecting 2020h, the online sales model is growing rapidly, and companies are actively engaged in digital marketing, using digital platforms such as tremors, mini-red books, letters, logos, and so on, to conduct online branding, product dissemination, and sales. The 20h1 company converters, wall switches, and two cat-types continue to have the highest level of market ownership.
Cost and cost rates have both decreased and include some accounting calibre adjustments (logistic costs have been classified from cost to cost). Companies ' 20h1 costs have fallen by 22,46 per cent to $557 million on a year-on-year basis, while the cost rate has fallen by 0.89 percentage points over the period to a year-on-year improvement in cash flows in the second quarter, and advance receipts, receivables and inventories have increased.
Net inflows of gold flows in the amount of 1,470 million yuan, a decrease of 23.09 per cent over the same period; cash sales of goods in the amount of $4,984 million, a decline over the same period.