The Bulls Group (603195) light-work manufacturing, recovery of demand, multi-channel co-generation of new opportunities, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Performance summary: in 2020h1, the company achieved operating income of $4.11 billion, a 17.4 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of $800 million, a 24.6 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of $800 million, a 24.3 per cent decline in the same year, with demand recovery driving up performance and improving profitability on a quarterly basis.
Goods, demand rigidity, market base, q2 exits from the epidemic; wall-opening products are closely linked to downstream property works and are relatively affected and are still recovering. By 2020h1, the company ' s Māori ratio was 5.4 per cent, mainly due to the need to recategorize the transportation costs associated with the sale of goods under the new revenue guidelines into the main business.
Cost accounting; financial rates decreased by 0.6 to 0.6%, mainly as a result of the increase in interest on large bills of deposit. The corporate response to the epidemic will continue to be positive overall. 1) The demand for consumption postponed in the first half of the year is expected to be released in the second half of the year, with the channel warming gradually; 2) completion of the work on the rehabilitation of the property will boost demand recovery and facilitate the transition.
The company now has 750,000 hardware outlets, nearly 120,000 specialized construction and lighting outlets and 180,000 digital accessories outlets.
Deep-line marketing networks have a large and difficult system to replicate; while companies have established specialized power suppliers, direct sales operators and stronger systems of online distributors, and have been fully integrated into leading power platforms such as Skycats, Bo, Kyoutung, Congregation, etc., to connect and inter-flow.
During the reporting period, the company also continued to push for improvements, automation upgrades, the creation of mes digital chemistes, the Bulls Group (603195): the core group has a strong position.
2. The Bulls Group (603195): the status of the kings is inflamed.
No compensation will be obtained directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report for no reason whatsoever. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.