Bulls Group (603195): Channel advantage based on old, product-based innovation to enhance market competitiveness
The Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995 with a 17.35 per cent decline in the public ratio and a net profit of 804 million won for shareholders in listed companies, a decline in the same proportion.
24.62 per cent. Improved performance ring for the second quarter, 97.78 per cent growth in the yield ring, growth in the net profit ring for the mother, R & D, production and sale of civilian electrician products, mainly inclusive converters (i.e. extended line plugs, mobile plugs, etc.),
The recovery of companies, such as wall switches, led lighting, digital fittings, etc., has accelerated, and product innovation has increased market competitiveness. Since the second quarter, as the economy produces connected and power-extensible products, it has been widely applied to households, households and households.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to promote product innovation and market competitiveness. 1) The converter introduced new products that suit consumer demand, such as the mini poles and the plugs; 2) the wall switch plugs rolled out the Piano series of high-end products.
Products and engineering channels correspond to a series of products: 3) Led basic lighting continues to grow and rapidly expands both domestic and commercial use of product lines: 4) digital appliance introduction of headphones, power upgrades, etc. (5) smart electrician eco-strategy is being implemented steadily, and a series of smart products will be launched in the future based on a corporate smart system.
In recent years, the streets of second-line cities have been shrinking, and hardware stores have become more centralized and specialized: there has also been some change in the three-to-four-line approach. Bulls have been active in responding and maintaining the power of the channel. On the one hand, increasing the converter.
At the same time, the company has been active in expanding the b-channels, home-dressing channels, the group has set up the b-side business department, which is now in agreement with a number of large real estate companies, including Paulie, Genesis, Goldfield, etc.
The company takes the lead in setting the eco-electrics, and the smart products will cover the vertical areas of switches, lighting, door locks, curtains, drying poles, bathing lights, circuit breakers, etc.
Given the decision-making cycle and the same channels for products, firms will have strong synergies and pre-emptive advantages. At the same time, the advantages of product manufacturing will give firms more cost-side advantages and enhance their overall competitiveness.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Bulls Group (603195): channel advantage continues, product innovation improves market competitiveness, Eastern financial and intellectual booms.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Bulls Group (603195): channel advantages remain, and product-based innovation improves market competitiveness.
Wang Lung, research assistant, introduction. Research assistant, Chang Zi Kit.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.