The stock incentive program landed and tied the employee to a high-growth share.
▪ The 2022 equity incentive program landed and bound core staff to share high growth. The 2022 equity incentive scheme awarded 5510.1 million restricted shares, or 0.29% of the total equity, to the target audience. The incentive target is the same as the 21-year equity incentive, and the target is basically the same as the 21-year price award.
High, this award of a lower price effectively spreads employee equity costs and binds the core management team.  Public release of debt-transferable applications was approved by the CMB on August 8.
Construction of the Quality Basic Materials Project, the 410,000 Lithium ion Batteries Basic Materials Project, etc., which deepens the vertically integrated layout of the Division ' s electrolysis fluids and accelerates the expansion of production capacity. 2022q3 discharge points for electrolysis fluids are identified. The company produced 28,000 tons in July and is expected to do so in August.
In line with market expectations, electrolyte and hexafluoride expansion.
The company plans to implement the 2022 equity incentive scheme, which provides a limited share of 551.01 million shares, or 0.29% of the company’s total equity.
Sexual award, without pre-encumbrance, was granted to a total of 572 directors, senior managers, middle management and core technical (industry) personnel, at a price of $6/equity, representing 11.45% of the average value of the company ' s previous trading day.
Coincidentally, the incentives were largely consistent, largely complementing the 2021 equity incentive, and given the higher award prices in 2021 (equity options were higher than the award date and restrictive stock awards were about 66 per cent of the award date), this award was granted at a lower discountable employee equity cost, more effectively tied to the company ' s core backbone and with easier performance targets.
This will be achieved in a way that stabilizes and motivates the core cadres through equity incentives, binds the core management team and brings it together with the Department of Public Administration to take the lead in ensuring long-term, stable, and sustainable operations of the company’s main business.
Figure 3: Cost of equity incentives to calculate the construction of tons of new lithium electric materials project, 20,000 tons of lifsi project, 62,000 tons of electrolytic basic materials project, 410,000 tons of lithium ion cell basic materials project, etc., to deepen the vertically integrated layout of the company ' s electrolytic fluids and to accelerate the expansion of production capacity.
Ten thousand tons plus 28,000 tons in July, and we expect an increase of about 20 per cent in the discharge ring in August, and q3 exit points are clear, with around 10,000 yuan per ton, a slight drop in the ring, mainly due to the cost implications of the company. If we do, we measure the company's single ton of profits of around 20,000 yuan per ton, and the ring ratio will continue to grow; and the price of six HFCs has rebounded steadily since July, and we expect to give lifsi and Tim a gift.
To build an integrated chemical platform, the electrolyte cost gap is expected to remain around $10,000/t, with a clear lead cost. The company built an integrated layout of “sulfuric acid - hydrofluoric acid - lithium fluorine/difluoride - hexafluoride - electrolyte”, 2022. Fluorinated lithium, pentafluorinated phosphorus production, upstream hydrofluoride, sulfate cycle, etc., gradually became operational in the second half of the year.
Vertical industrial chain integration. The company’s self-supply ratio is close to 100%, lifsi’s 2022 output is estimated to be 0.8 million yuan, and the company’s liquid cost of HFC 6 is estimated to be 30,000 yuan/ton lower than the solid cost, 50,000 yuan/ton lower than the industry’s new entrants, stacked additives, lifsi rising self-supply ratios. In the future, the company’s electrolyte profits are expected to remain around 10,000 yuan/tons.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory committee.