The reported performance was in line with expectations, and the integrated layout resulted in a positive outcome: the company achieved business income of $10,363 million in the first half of 2022, an increase of 180.13 per cent in the same year, and the performance was in line with expectations, with a sustained expansion in the production of flagship products.
\triangleright \triangleright Tian Chi material is building 1.15 million tons of electrolyte, well above the rate of industrial expansion. \ 200,000 tonnes of redevelopment projects are under way.
The company's operations are continuously extended to raw materials upstream of the electrolyte, improving the integration of the “sulfuric acid-hydrofluoric acid-lithium fluorophosphorus-dithium hexafluoride” industrial chain.
Increasing the self-production rate of raw materials and continuously enhancing the firm’s core competitiveness and cost advantages. \triangleright reflects the importance that the company attaches to core talent and contributes to enhancing corporate cohesion.
Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles does not meet the expected risk; the risk of a change in lithium battery technology; the risk of over-anticipated fluctuations in the price of materials; environmental and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and became a research assistant in the new electricity system and electrical equipment industry, Chen Shujie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2022, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, 2022, in the lithium electric materials industry.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.