It's obvious that the new electrolysis material is pre-positioned, the electrolyte taps are always strong, and the company has issued a debt-transferable statement that is expected to raise $3.4 billion to build new projects and projects.
Replenishment of liquidity, including the construction of 152,000 tons of new lithium electric materials, 20,000 tons of difluorosulfonamide lithium, 622,000 tons of electrolyte base materials, 410,000 tons of lithium ion battery materials (phase I) and 60,000 tons of day-based basic materials (phase I).
The company, as an electrolytic liquid tap company, has developed vertically an integrated industrial chain of “sulphuric acid-hydrofluoric acid-lithium fluorodifluoride/dithium pentafluoride phosphorus-dithium hexafluoride- electrolyte” with increasing self-sufficiency of raw materials and deepening costs Protecting the city river; horizontal research and development of lithium difluorosulfonamide (lifsi), new positive and negative polar glues, nmp replacements
New materials, such as solvents, should respond to the technological transition in the lithium electricity industry, strengthen the leadership, and keep the business growing fast. The company is sufficiently dynamic to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The tons of lithium sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfon sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfon sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfon sulfon sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfon sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sul sul sul sul sul sul sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sul sul sul sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sulfur sul sulfur sulfur sulfur sul sulfur. sul
Increased availability of key raw materials from the supply ratio to deeper integration advantages and the consolidation of the vanguard position. Product mix short supply of raw materials, rising prices of hexafluoride: q3, driven by a recovery of downstream demand, hexafluoride
The price of lithium acid has risen upwards, currently averaged 271,000 yuan per ton, compared with 10.6 per cent at the end of June. In addition, the major plant for pentachlorinated phosphorus upstream of hexafluoride has ceased production due to an emergency, there is a temporary shortage of pentachlorinated phosphorus, and there is a shortage of lithium hexafluoride raw materials and an increase in prices.
The supply remains tight and the cost increases will drive up the price of hexafluoride. The company’s lithium hexafluorate production route uses polyphosphate routes that do not need to be based on pentachlorinated phosphorus and are not affected.
Optimizing product structure, pre-positioning new electrolytic materials: company pre-positioning of new lithium salts, such as lifsi, optimizing product structure to respond to rapid developments in the lithium ion battery industry, technology overlaps, etc.
Risks. The most widely applied electrolytic material is lithium hexafluoride, but with poor thermal stability, hydrolysis, and limited use at low temperatures, it is likely to cause rapid loss of battery capacity and security risks. The new electrolytic soluble lithium salt lifsi has higher thermal stability than lithium hexafluorate.
Sex, longer life cycle, better conductivity, better thermal stability, and so on. At present, lifsi is used mainly as an additive for lithium hexafluoride, based on price factors and process maturity. As lithium batteries are constantly updated over time, in order to match multipliers, low temperatures, and steadyness.
There are more qualitative requirements, and lifsi is now on the move to a "high match" as an additive. Lifsi can replace Lipff6 as a new lithium salt. The company now owns 6,300 tons of lifsi capacity, plans up to 120,000 tons for follow-up, and both current and planned capacity are the highest in the country.
First, it is hoped to take the lead in enjoying a new technology premium and enhancing profitability. Profit forecasting: we have revised the profit forecast and the company is expected to realize net profits by 2022/2023/2024.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.