The integrated layout continues to advance, leading the electrolytic fluid profitability industry, \triangleright, 25/08/2022
2nd quarter performance was impressive. Revenue and net profit: the company collected $5,214 million in 2022q2 battalion, plus \triangleright Dun Yongkang
In terms of the volume, the company's research assistant, Lee Kyung-po, for 22 years, has calculated that the company's second-quarter single-ton profits are between $16,000 and $17,000 per ton, and the ring ratio is high. The company's electrolyte profits are high.
The main reasons for the lead in profitability were: 1. Lithium hexafluoride, a key raw material, increased self-supply ratio of 22h1.6, a 95 per cent self-supply ratio, which is expected to be maintained year-round; 2. Corporate liquid hexafluoride technology has a significant advantage, and research assistant chair
Bom costs are lower than solid H6 technology, 3. Company integrated layouts are perfect, with both hydrogen fluorine and sulphuric acid entering the integrated cycle system; 4. New lithium salt lifsi self-production rate increases, lifsi process complex and single-ton value increases
High, with the future benefits of 4680 and high-pressure fast-loading trends, there is a wide range of incremental space. In terms of capacity, the company's electrolytic fluids are designed to produce more than 2 million tons, of which the overseas layout is steadily advancing, the company plans to produce more than 410,000 tons overseas, and the plant sites are located in Germany, Belgium and the United States, and the plant can cover essentially the main customer circle.
Iron phosphate is a second-growth curve, and the new glue is expected to contribute to the increase.
In 22 years, the quantity of iron phosphate was about 140,000 tons, and in three quarters, 300,000 tons of project products could be released and up to 70,000 tons could be delivered throughout the year. According to the process route, the by-products of the company ' s lithium hexafluorate production line were high. 2. In-depth reports (002.79.sz) on integration:
Sulphur can be used to produce iron phosphate, which is expected to reduce further the production costs of iron phosphate. With respect to new glues, the construction of cost barriers and the growth of lithium salt to 2022/0 are expected to result from the rapid development of the end and line layout of the company ' s customers and future performance.
3. Tian Chi material (002709.sz) Annual Report 2021: The materials are expected to bring about additional amounts and maintain a “recommended” rating. 5. Tian Chi material (002709); 21q2 performance over-expected, electrolysis
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.