Performance against expectations, product-sequenced broad integration strategy Clear investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of lifsi 22h1 for approximately 2,500 tons, net gain of over $100,000 per ton, corresponding to net profit of about $300 million
Dollars; expected to deliver about 18,000 tons of iron phosphate, with a net gain of about 0.8 million yen per ton, corresponding to a net profit of about 140 million yuan: visualization operations contribute steadily to the profits. The company's integrated electrolytic fluid layout has been shaped, with a greater advantage than its peers, while products such as lifsi contribute profit elasticity, and the company still gains excesses.
The global planned production capacity of 20.39 million tons, compared to 300 tons of firm prices, is superior to the performance of new glue products, the new material platform is in the early stages of reaching tons, and the justintime production mode (justintime) solves the logistics distribution problem.
New positive sticker p. 124, p. 126 can replace pvdf with triple, phosphate lithium system, and perform better on glue and oxidability; 2 negative sticker k112, e124 achieve better bondability and stability; and company coating solutions in solvents, phosphate iron, diaphragms/plate
• Strategic cooperation agreements with downstream customers, adequate product orders, and a clear logic of company growth.
Well, the company is expected to deliver 350,000 tons of electrolyte, 8,000 tons of lifsi, 80,000 tons of phosphate, 80 tons of iron phosphate, which will increase significantly throughout the year and all products will be in an extended production cycle, with release time. In addition, the company is fully integrated with the electrolyte, with new lithium salt and new glue production.
• Investment proposals: sound and cost-effective layout based on the company ' s integrated electrolyte solution; new product techniques
2. "The Tianchi material 2021 Annual Report: Performance meets expectations, deep layout integration costs " .
Soong Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree in the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new sources of energy
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.