• The expansion of the non-engineering and machinery sector and the external and domestic market layout have borne fruit. The announcement shows: 1) the downstream diversification of companies began to contribute significantly in 2022, and the volume of non-digging hydraulic products has increased significantly. 2) q1 business income growth and profitability increased in 2023
The main reason for this is the 33% increase in non-standard tank revenue for the company's main product, heavy equipment, and the 29% increase in hydraulic pump valve revenue. First, we think, the company's expansion battle in the non-engineering and machinery field is a comparison of the company's prices with the depth of 300%.
A little right; second, the company's overseas market layout will work quickly; and the domestic engineering and machinery industry as a whole is in a state of grinding and repair. We look forward to the company's development this year and beyond. Quality and low-cost strategies go hand in hand, and product profitability is expected to improve.
Prices have declined, on the one hand, and the price of raw materials, on the other, and the cost of companies, on the other hand, has risen. Regionally, it has been even, owing to the initial success of the diversification strategy, which has led to an increase in the share of revenue in the non-engineering and machinery industries; and, secondly, to an increase in corporate exchange earnings as a result of the appreciation of the United States dollar exchange rate.
2) The diversification and internationalization strategy continues, and the product structure is expected to improve; 3) The company raises its control over profitability through low-cost strategies such as material substitution, process improvement, productivity improvement, and strict cost control.
1) Core high-end hydraulics technology is difficult to break; 2) domestic infrastructure policy support is less than expected; 3) downstream plant demand is less than expected; 4) non-digging and overseas markets are not expanding as expected.
In 2022, the engineering and machinery industry “outside heat and cold”, the company as a whole performed better than the industry. In 2022, the company’s downside demand for downstream engineering machinery continued, with only a slight decline in its performance, in line with our expectations, with a slight increase in the expected level of supermarkets. The company’s performance improved in the first quarter of 2023, with a revenue of 2,427 million yuan, an increase of 10.30 per cent.
The net return to the mother is 626 million yuan, an increase of 18.44 per cent in the same year; the net profit from the non-post return to the mother is 600 million yuan, an increase in the same year; and figure 4 shows that in recent years, the company's Māori rate and net interest rate have given high priority to R&D inputs and that the cost rate has risen overall.
Advances in technology, research and development of $650 million, new areas of development include wave-reimburst hydraulic systems, roll-on hydraulic systems, new generation liquid tanks, hydropower industry, bathing hydraulic stations, wire charter industry, coal mine major break-downs, anchoring parallel hydraulic systems, pcb circuit voltage, etc.
There are 538 non-engineering and mechanical industries, of which 323 are involved. In terms of cost rates, there was an increase in company sales and management costs in 2022, mainly due to the expansion of company products, and in order to provide more efficient services to customers, companies have increased the number of marketing networks and related sales personnel both at home and abroad.
Figure 5 Corporate R & D inputs in recent years2 The diversification and internationalization strategy has worked to widen corporate growth The downstream industry diversification development strategy, and the structure of the company's products has been improving.
While there has been a slight decline in sales of corporate hydraulic products related to excavators as a result of the down-swing in the excavator industry, the company ' s downstream diversification has initially shown positive results, with sales of non-digger hydraulic products increasing significantly by 247.78 per cent in other industries compared to last year. Other industries have increased sales of hydraulic valves by 59.65 per cent.
Other industries are growing by 516.43% using motors. In terms of industry, in 2022, companies performed better in high-altitude platforms, agricultural machinery, industrial equipment, etc., have infiltrated a large number of high-quality client groups at home and abroad, and corporate profitability indicators are expected to improve at an accelerated rate as the share of income from high-value-added new products in non-diggered areas rises.
The demand in overseas markets is intense, and companies have become more globalized. In 2022, firms achieved their overseas market harvests, while there is a logic of stock-client substitution as the company’s product performance continues to grow.
Manufacturing bases, overseas offices in several countries (regions) and technical service and marketing staff have been deployed, and extensive marketing networks have been established in Europe, North America, Japan, etc. In 2022, companies have once again expanded and laid out overseas markets through mergers and acquisitions of enterprises like the German Nin Lei, a new company in Chicago, United States, and Tokyo, Japan.
Internationalization was seen as a bright spot for engineering machinery and as a necessary trend for sustained development, with the firmness of corporate consolidation increasing, overseas markets are expected to contribute more to corporate performance and open up room for corporate growth.3 The fund-raising project continues to move forward with promising prospects.
According to the company's annual report for 2022, the Mexican engineering project plant is expected to be operational in May this year, and will be operational by the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, the general hydraulic pumping project and the ultra-heavy heavy tank project are also expected to be operational by the fourth quarter.
This year, it is expected to contribute 300-400 million dollars. In the future, Mexico’s factories will produce 2 billion dollars, and the postnatal process will facilitate the development of customers in the North American market and accelerate the internationalization of the company. The linear drive project is expected to be launched in the first quarter of 2024, with the main product being the roller wire poles, and with the project’s production, it is expected that the motorization process will accelerate.
The use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective presentation of this report, the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, the absence of any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and the absence of any change in the information and advice contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.