The company's performance report was published on April 25th. In 2022, the company achieved operating income. Hydraulic products were subject to short-term pressure from fluctuations in demand and promoted internationalization and electrodynamic quiet to improve.
During the year, as a result of fluctuations in the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry, the company generated $4,584 million in revenues from hydraulic tank products, a decline of 11.61 per cent compared to the previous year, with a Māori rate of 40.10 per cent (-4.11 pcts); and hydraulic pressure.
(-3.79 pcts). Faced with the characteristics of the engineering and machinery industry sales and the “outer thermal inflammation” and the overlap of product demand renewal orders, the company, as a supplier of hydraulic core parts, closely follows the trend towards globalization and electricization of the engineering and machinery industry in the country, while using the competitive advantages of existing products.
There is a strong interest in expanding the share of the country’s product-plating main plant export models and the foreign market share of foreign brands, while targeting the development of relevant electrical controls and enforcement devices to respond to the electric trends in the engineering industry, and companies are expected to gradually improve their performance through internationalization, electricization.
Profitability remained generally stable, with a diversified development strategy beginning to bear fruit. In 2022, the company maintained a better profitability, with a Māori sales rate of 40.55 per cent (3.46 pcts), a net profit from sales, a slight increase in staff remuneration over the same year, and a significant decrease in financial costs due to exchange gains and losses.
There has been a slight increase in innovation driven by companies’ commitment to R & D costs. Companies have accelerated product restructuring and steadfastly promoted the diversification of downstream industries. The strategy was achieved in 2022 in high-altitude platforms, agricultural machinery, industrial equipment, etc.
Better performance, as the income share of new high-value-added products in these areas rises, so does the profitability index for company-owned business. In the future, companies will also identify a steady increase in their relative depth of 300 performance.
Research and development (R & D) investment, which is driven by R & D, provides a long-term level of good competitiveness. Both pre-investment projects have been steadily advanced, with surging capacity contributing to incremental performance.
The project is expected to be launched in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Linear Drive project is expected to be launched in the first quarter of 2024, and the Interstate Research and Development Centre is expected to be operational in 2024.
In terms of demand for hydraulic products, China is still the second largest market after the United States, and overall hydraulic market demand is on the rise. Companies have been insisting on high-end positioning by improving the quality of their products.
Building a branding advantage and domestic import substitution while working towards the global strategic goal of equipping the company is expected to gradually become a top international player through productive capacity. Investment proposal: taking into account the company’s core competitiveness in hydraulic components and systems, combined with the current process
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, eight years in Securities, served as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, University of Harbin Industries, 2018; member of the Galaxy Securities Institute.