The company's depth report, white home power, a multi-dimensional development of the home power industry carrier, the American group (000333.sz)
American group products cover air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, cooking power, small household electricity, and upstream zero components, many of which have been in the forefront of the industry in recent years. In 2017, the United States acquired a card, and the range of products expanded further.
A multi-brand strategy to improve competitiveness.
The brand expansion has been gradually completed. The presentation of this report is informed by the fact that high-end brands, such as Colmo and the Internet, published by the United States year ago, have further enhanced the brand cover of the United States.
In March 2018, the United States launched the New Generations Strategy in Shanghai.
The publication shows that the United States is taking a step further along the path of the TST Group. The US Group invests in building globally competitive R & D configurations and multi-level R & D systems, as well as continuing high investment in research and development, which provide strong support for the company ' s T & T Group.
In 2018, the US Science and Technology Park, which invests 13.5 billion rupees in the Indian state of Maharashtra, launched a foundation ceremony to make it home appliances, heating air conditioning and empty in five years.
Production bases for products such as compressors. The US Science and Technology Park project highlights the determination of the American group to feed the Indian market, which is expected to become an important production base for the United States, and the Indian market, which will become a major overseas market for the United States.
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: The black and white markets have high saturation and high replacement demand. The NSO data show that the black and white markets in the country have high saturation and limited additional space.
In comparison with developed countries, the market penetration of kitchen appliances is low and is still in the early stages of growth, especially with regard to some of the new cooking power. According to the National Statistical Office, the national population at the end of 2017 was 51 and 51 at the end of the year.
40, in terms of the size of a single emitter, there is still much room for improvement in the future. Compared to the fluorescent machine, our country has a lower and larger room for new cooking power. Our small household electricity market is still in its early stages of development, with a large gap between penetration levels and those of the developed countries of the West. Our households have on average less than 10 small units, far less than each in Europe and America.
The future demand for the white electricity market in the country is based mainly on the need to upgrade, and sales will remain relatively stable. As a result of the stable pattern of the white electricity market in the country, the sales of the beautiful white electricity products will tend to be in line with the industry.
Consistency, but price increases associated with rising consumption will drive companies to improve their performance. Companies are more competitive with small-scale appliances, which will lead to higher performance as penetration increases.
The impact of China-United States trade friction: America’s group’s share of overseas revenues is 42 per cent, and it is more affected by trade friction. We believe that, while America’s group’s share of overseas revenues is relatively high, the main revenue comes from South-East and South Asia, the United States market is relatively small, and that America’s current overseas production base, with its 15 production bases, can somehow avoid the adverse effects of the trade war.
The electricity industry as a whole is burdened with corporate performance: America, as a leader in the industry, is more resilient and able to raise market power by its own advantage, with less pressure to collect. Kuka is not growing as expected: Kuka’s harvest fell by 6.8% in 2018, and it is not growing as we see it.
Companies are well organized, most product markets are in the first line of the industry, overall performance is more certain, and risk-resistant. Robot operations are expected to benefit from the country’s rapid growth dividends, bringing new profit points to the US.
The risk of price volatility of raw materials, the risk of real-estate regulation, and the risk of less than expected consumption policies. First, the industry’s champion of domestic and foreign capital:
(i) Industrial dragons, thick and thin hair groups are a technology group that collects consumer appliances, heating air conditioning, robotics and automated systems, intelligent supply chains (logistics) from one body. Since its creation in 1968, under the leadership of Heinness, after 51 years of weather and baptism, from one body to the next.
Twenty-three members of the street-based plastic production group have gradually grown into a listed company with over 100,000 employees. The company, with its vision of “Technology best, life best” as an enterprise, has a mission of “a world that unites people and everything, inspires beauty” and adheres to the values of “Before learning, ambition, pragmatism, inclusion, innovation for change” by integrating global resources and promoting technological innovation.
In 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of $261,820 billion, rising from 450th in the Fortune 500th World list (ii) the management system concentrated on the physical control of the beauty of the body of health. Mr. He was in absolute control over the beauty of the group.
The US Holdings Ltd. holds 33.20% of shares and direct shares 0.68%. The Hong Kong Central Clearinghouse Ltd. holds 13.51%, and China has a stable concentration, which facilitates a consistent and coherent management style for companies and provides a sound platform for their continued healthy development.
The U.S. has a career management system that improves the quality of corporate management and sustains the firm’s long-term stability. Mr. Fang Hong Bo and other executives hold more than 4% of America’s corporate holdings, and have important voice in the strategic development of the company.
Industry has a deep understanding of the industry’s operating environment and management of business, and companies use performance-oriented appraisal and motivation systems to provide a platform for the exercise and growth of corporate career managers. The three-tier incentive system unique to the United States Group covers the company’s business cadres and management personnel, through net profits to the company,
Performance indicators, such as profit growth rates, and individual performance are evaluated in a combination of performance indicators and individual performance, identifying different incentive elements, aligning employee benefits with corporate and shareholder interests, and the performance of staff with the depth of staff gain.
At present, the United States has launched six-phase partnership holding schemes (including two-phase business partnerships), three-phase restricted equity incentive schemes and six-phase equity incentive schemes.
Staff and business cadres, through performance appraisals at the individual and business unit levels, determine the share of stocks that can be released from sale. Stock options are targeted at technologists and related middle- and middle-level managers to determine eligibility for mobility by assessing the parent ' s net profit, weighted average net asset rate of return and individual performance. Through these three levels of incentives, staff, management interests are linked to corporate benefits, and public benefits are promoted.
Decentralization and flexible management of the business system have become a fast-growing “treath” for the United States. In 1997, there were more than 1,000 groups of products in the United States, with different production, pricing and marketing methods, which made it difficult to reconcile and discourage the product profession.