q3 Deduction of negative growth in non-performance and steady progress in new projects Treasurehouse energy (stock code: 600989) event: 3-quarterly reports issued by companies, total operating income of 35.543 billion in the first three quarters of 2025
RMB, 46.43 per cent increase in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation, $8,972 million, or 82.85 per cent increase in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation, $3,392 million increase in the same year, or 144.03 per cent increase in the same year, or 13.74 per cent increase in the ring; sales of polypropylene and coke, or 183.11, 178.50 and 51,754 tons, respectively, vary from year to year.
1.72 per cent; coke prices have fallen by 28.39 per cent over the same period, and the price difference has improved. In the first three quarters, there was an improvement in the distribution of overall production of production-driven HC4 by the Intramone Project, and in the context of coal price shifts downwards, the company's performance increased by the same year.
4.18 per cent, the price of coke sold by the company increased by 6.71 per cent and the price difference of coke measured at market prices increased by 74.14 per cent.
The company’s deep-seated efficiency potential, the sales and sales of its main product, the price of coke, the price difference ring, etc., together drive the growth of the company’s 25q3 performance ring backwards. Ningdong is moving forward steadily in four phases, and the reserve project is expected to release forward growth dynamics.
The project started construction in April 2025 and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026 and is expected to contribute to an increase in short- and medium-term performance. On the other hand, the company ' s Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons project, and the early phase of the Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons project, are being actively pursued and, if the project goes well, it is expected to release medium- and long-term growth energy.
As the Inner Mongolia project became operational, the cash flow of the Department was significantly optimized, with 25q3 operating net cash flows of $5,592 million, ring increases, semi-annual cash dividends, and the mission found a total of 2,036 million yuan in dividends (including taxes).
There has been a significant increase in operating cash flows and the ability of future companies to increase shareholder returns; management risks associated with the expansion of operations; 4.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.