In the city of Yogan, the net profit from the non-return to the parent has been raised by the ring, and the scale effect continues to release the company's net profit from the third quarter of the year has increased significantly. The company collected $12.73 billion in the third quarter of the year 2025.
Basic Chemical & Chemical Feeding Project continues to release capacity, polyvinylene production sales have increased significantly on a par, the Māori ratio has increased on a ring basis, and polyvinylene production has continued to expand, contributing to increased profits.
The heart comes from the full production contribution of the Inner Mongolia Coal Hydrocarbons project.
Continuing, construction began in April for Ningdong tetraole, which is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026; work is progressing actively in the lead-up to the Xinjiang Hydroene Project and the Inner Monoctylene Hydroene Project. Tonnes (year-on-year +84/+118 per cent, ring ratio - 8 per cent/-9 per cent) with an average sale price of $8733/t, compared to the same price
The coke price ring ratio was repaired. The company sold 1,773.9 million tons of coke in the third quarter of 2025 (a year-on-year drive, boosted by the increase in the cost of stacking coal, and the coke price ring was repaired.
The price of the company's main raw materials remained low in January-September 2025.
RMB/tonne, 19%/-32%/-24% respectively. In three quarters, Mongolia’s coal pit price of 5,200 kPas increased by Quantified Energy (600,989.sh) - Quarterly net profit, polyfinylene acrylic amounted to 487 yuan/tonne (26% compared to 26% ring + 13%), and the increase in coal prices increased the cost pressure.
" Treasure energy (600989.sh) - Quarterly net profit return and ring increase in Inner Mongolia, but inner Mongolia base cost further optimizes the Māori contribution rate. " 2025 " Treasure energy (600989.sh) - Quarterly benefit increase in Intramolefin Hydrocarbon Project " .
In the third quarter of the year, the average cost of coal and oil-based hydrocarbons was 6338/7456 ton, and the cost advantage of coal-based hydrocarbons was approximately $1119 per ton, respectively, with the investment proposal that the expansion of the production capacity of the company ' s main product polyfins would contribute to the increase in profits and that we would maintain the company.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company collected $12.73 billion (the same year -1.2 ptt). In the last three quarters, the Mongolian hydrocarbon project continued to release capacity, the sales of polyolefins increased significantly on the same basis, the Māori rate increased on the same ring, and the profit-driven end increased on the same basis.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income (millions of yuan) from Boon Fu energy: Quarterly net profit from boon energy (billions) Figure 3: Quarterly Māori rate, net interest rate
Figure 4: Quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates The expansion of polyolefin production continues, contributing to the increase in profits. The company polyethylene/polypropene sales contributed to the full production of hydrocarbon projects in the third quarter of 2025. The domestic market for polyolefins was affected by crude oil fluctuations, the division of end demand, the conglomeration of companies.
Ethylene/polypropylene (Ethylene/polypropylene) does not have a tax-free average sale price of $6439/6180/tonne (8 per cent/-9 per cent, ring ratio - 1 per cent/-3 per cent). The company ' s polyolefin production capacity continues to expand, and construction began in Ningdong in April and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026; work is actively under way on the New Dlanyl Hydrocarbons project and on the early stages of the Intramonon Diethylene Project.
The average sale price is 8733 yuan/tonne, or + 7% of the same value, and the ring is basically the same.eva the autonomous supply of the main raw materials for the installation and the cost optimization of the industrial chain is achieved in synergy with the development of the chain.
Ring ratio + 7%. Driven by the marginal improvement of demand in the steel industry, the cost of cokering has increased, and the price of coke has been matched by Figure 5: Sales of PET polyethylene (tonnes) and Figure 6: Sales of PET (tonnes)
Figure 7: Sale of coal from bouncing energy sources (tonnes) Figure 8: Price of bovine energy mains ($/t) Cost advantages of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons remain. Prices for the company ' s main raw materials were kept low in January-September 2025, and gasification of raw materials.
The average unit purchase price for coal/coal/cine/power coal was $448/740/325 per tonne, compared to 19 per cent/-32 per cent/-24 per cent, respectively. The price of Mongolia ' s 5,200 karaoke coal pits in the last three quarters was $487/t (26 per cent compared to 26 per cent ring + 13 per cent), while the cost of the coal ring increased the cost pressure, but the cost of the Mongolian base within the company further optimized the contribution rate of Māori.
Upgraded. According to Treasure Information, the average cost of coal and oil-based hydrocarbons in the third quarter of 2025 was 6338/7456/tons, while the cost advantage of coal-based hydrocarbons was approximately $1119/ton, which still has a significant advantage. Figure 10: Market prices for polyethylene and polypropylene ($/tons)
Investment recommendations: The company ' s main product, polyolefins, contributes to increased profits by expanding its production capacity, and we maintain the company ' s 2025-2027. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.