The company's quarterly revenue of 12,725 million yuan, an increase of 72.49 per cent, is the net profit of the mother.
The sale of HFOs continues to increase, and the base contribution of the interior has increased, with a low-cost advantage of 1.
The start of work on the base in the company has been smooth and good in the third quarter, 2025.4.24.
The increase in the rate of work will clearly drive down the amortization of fixed costs, such as depreciation, labour, etc., to add up the public.
Re-releases, 2025.3.12 Cost regulation and product set-up advantages are particularly evident. Low-cost generation releases, control capacity realization, and profitable pressure are relatively manageable.
Carbon prices have continued to rise, with three-quarter power coal prices (5,500 calories) increasing by about $10/t in comparison to the second quarter, while the price of acrylic products has followed a marked increase in crude oil prices, and the price differentials in industrial coal-based acrylic products have been more pronounced, but
The price of the company ' s polyolefin product was slightly lower in the third quarter, with a higher share of the low-cost supply, and the lead company ' s profitability, although under pressure, had a relatively small impact, with a slight increase in the three-quarters of the company ' s production of about 38.35 per cent of the first quarter.
Four quarters of the ring is still estimated to have a small increase, and four months of production in the long term will lead to growth. In the fourth quarter, the company’s base at Mon will be operating at a high capacity, the base at Ningxia will return to full capacity, and there will be a further small increase in the volume of the acetylene.
Cost advantages have already begun to materialize, and the cost will be improved and optimized as work stabilizes, and the Ningxia base will continue to operate at a high capacity in the fourth quarter, with a small increase expected during the quarter. The Ningxia IV project started in April 2025.
At the end of July, 80% of the construction of the civil infrastructure was completed, 35% of the construction of the civil infrastructure framework was completed, and it was scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026, with additional projects expected to provide a follow-up increase in the number of businesses, and the Xinjiang project was continuing.
After a row, there is a lot of cash flow, followed by a lot of red space. Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, three quarters of corporate control capabilities are excellent, and the company's business is estimated to be operating in 2025-2027.
High volatility in raw material prices; overcapacity and increased competition; demand below expected risk; more services to sweep; more services to sweep; and more services to sweep.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market