The Reverser's business is in the middle stream, and the glimmer + storage is rapidly increasing.
The German industry was founded in 2000 and consists mainly of heat exchanger operations, which are represented by humidifiers for environmental electrical operations and retrofitter operations. The company is the only one in the country that encompasses reversors, storage and reversibility.
The variable company, with a growth rate of 262 per cent in 21 years, net profits of 50 per cent +, became the business block with the fastest rate of growth and profit contribution of the company, of which the share of savings/groups/microde earned was 45.2 per cent/45.7 per cent/9.1 per cent, respectively.
Photovoltaic storage upwinds, reversible markets opening up high-speed growth space. 1) The rapid decline in photovoltage costs gives rise to a larger industry space: 456gw is expected to be added to the global photovolt in 2025. Distributional photovoltage penetration increases, driving the growth of the microreverse + cluster, which is projected to be low worldwide in 2025.
Against the market size of $21.2 billion, the cluster market share is rising. 2) Stabilizing power + policy good driving the energy industry up: 131gw/318gwh, which is expected to add to the global storage capacity in 2025, will lead to further growth of the storage reversible. 3) Reverse market growth.
Higher than industry: the demand for photovoltaic + storage energy increased significantly, and the output of retro transformers from 2017 to 2021 was maintained at a very high rate, with a German cagr of 169%.
Q: Products are sustainable and safe, and run far less time off the grid than their peers, with diesel generators off the net co-operating. The tag model is 82%, with the advantage of overseas distribution channels, the United States and South Africa markets have a strong edge, and are expected to double in 22 years.) Micro-reversible operations are expected to double in 22 years.
High-speed growth: companies grow on a high base and South Africa is the main market. Companies have a high cost of micro-reverse Maori.
Over 25 years of design life, direct flow side and communication side matching are 1.5 times higher to achieve the overall benefits, and the future is achievable. 4) the igbt chip takes the lead in national production, and cost advantages are highlighted. The igbt market is short of demand, affecting the invertor industry chain. The company's igbt chip industry is ahead of schedule.
High supply capacity, low cost of national production, guaranteed profitability, insufficient supply of raw materials, etc.
The three main lines of business have been developed simultaneously, with the inverter becoming the middle-stream pillar The Ningpod Industries Science and Technology Inc. is a major year of development that combines R & D, design, production, marketing and services, and completes a full-scale technological transformation from the traditional molding to the plastics industry to the diversified industrial chain.
The company’s main business consists of heat exchangers, which represent the three main sections of the environmental electrical business and reverse changer business. Currently, the company’s main supplier of air conditioning brands, such as American, Ox, is in Kyoto for the fifth consecutive year.
The skycat platform is the first to generate revenue from the sale of the same products, and the influence of the slogan radiation and brand has increased. Figure 1: The company's development process has been accompanied by three main lines of business, with the inverter operating as a middle stream.
For the development of main-line products, the landscape of the photovoltaic industry has continued to rise, the climate of the air-conditioning industry has declined, the heat exchanger business has gradually declined in terms of the company’s share of revenues and profits will gradually rise. Inverter business is one of the company’s most important core business in the future, and the company is committed to becoming a domestic household inverser.
The company’s reverses products include a chain-to-net-reverser of 1.5kw-110kw, a storage-reverser of 3kw-12kw, and a mini-reverse-reverser of 300w-2000w. In 2021, the reverse-to-reform product generated operating revenues of 1,198 million yuan, or 262.34 per cent, or 28.92 per cent of total income. To date, German-reverts products have been sold in more than 40 countries around the world.
Figure 2: Companies' main products. Corporations are committed to technological innovation and to building core competitiveness in their research and development capabilities.
The development and technological innovation of the product has led to the development of a professional research and development team that is experienced, multidisciplinary, and capable of autonomous innovation. The company currently has 203 patents, including 21 patents for inventions, 147 patents for practical applications, and 25 copyrights for software. In the reverse sector, the company has autonomously developed three flatsvpwm-driven technologies.
The technology associated with three lock-in-links and reversible products, such as solar control systems with mppt algorithms, can be effective in increasing solar power utilization, inverter energy conversion rates, and in ensuring the stability of the inverters. The corporate equity structure is concentrated. As of 12 June 2022, the company had 240 million shares in total equity, controlled by Zhang and King.
Total holdings of 62.05 per cent of the company, of which 24 per cent are directly held; indirect holdings of 37.59 per cent of the company ' s equity through the Aethwig investment; indirect holdings of 0.32 per cent of the company ' s income, 1.2 per cent through the German shareholding platform and the Henry ' s investments, respectively, with a high rate of net profit growth and excellent fee-control capabilities
Figure 4: High growth in operating income (millions of yuan) Corporate profitability is well reflected in its excellent bargaining and cost-control capacity: 1) net corporate interest rates, Māori rates, new products, and increased investment in photovoltaic reverse transformer technology.
Figure 6: Sustained fall in cost during the period (% 1.3.) Based on three main products, the inverter is the bright spot of growth The inverter business is the main performance growth point. The inverter business became the fastest growing company business in 2021.
The second-highest contribution, the first-profit contribution, was the business block. In 2021, the thermal exchanger business received 55.85 per cent of the total, with a 12.42 per cent increase; the wetter business received 13.49 per cent of the total, with a 23.75 per cent increase; the inverser, with 28.73 per cent of the total, a 262.34 per cent increase, and the Māori contribution, 46.56 per cent.
In 2021, the company ' s Reverser Business received $1,198 million, an increase of 262%. The company ' s Reverter Products maintained a high growth trend in all three categories of products, of which the Resilient Reversers were sold.
532 million yuan, or 265 per cent more; 539 million yuan, or 266 per cent, in the sale of the coiled revers; 237 percentage points higher than 2020, mainly as a result of the rise in the ratio of the high Māori Reverse Reversers. The Māori ratio of the mini-reverse is 33 per cent, 36 per cent in the group Reverse, 40 per cent in the storage Reverse, and the Māori ratio of the energy continues to be raised.
Figure 10: Corporate Reverser Revenue Empirical Growth (Billions of Dollars) 2. Photovoltaic storage upwinds, Reverser Markets opening up high-speed growth space 2.1. Photovoltaic flat price new cycles, new energy revolutions unstoppable
The photovoltage path is clear, starting a price-neutral cycle. With the growing interest of countries in environmental protection and the increase in photovoltaic power generation of $0.048/kwh per year, the decrease is as high as 87%, and bp expects the cost of photovoltaics to fall 65-Khan and South Africa by 2050 compared to 2018, all of which will be carbon neutral by 2050, with many countries emphasizing renewable energy generation over the next 30 years.
Global light-voltage demand has increased, reaching 514gw in 2025. Global prices are still falling rapidly, and matching storage capacity has grown, with electricity industries cutting emissions, and power generation structures improving as a result of excellent photovoltaic resource endowments.
It needs to be achieved by relying on cost-effective photovoltaics, which will grow from ancillary energy sources to primary energy sources and develop potentials, and by a large combination of national policies, which will continue to drive photovoltaic development. On a global scale, we expect new photovoltaic loadings to reach 514gw in 2025 and 1,400gw in 2030.
In 2022, with the outbreak of the Russian-Turkish conflict, conventional energy prices rose, and electricity prices abroad stimulated the distribution of photovoltaics.
The installation is booming, the energy revolution is accelerating, and the distribution of light-voltage machines in the country is expected to reach about 67 per cent, compared with 48.5 per cent in 2025, and the distribution of light-voltage machines will reach 235gw, as measured by 485gw in 2025.
U.S.: The distribution ratio for California is expected to rise. U.S. Distributed light voltage growth slowed down in 2017-2019, but U.S.A. policy in 2019 called for the mandatory installation of photovoltaic systems in buildings below three floors starting in 2020, and U.S. distributed photovoltage machines amounted to 6.6gw in 2021, an 18% increase.
Europe: distribution is stable and high growth is maintained. Europe’s distribution is stable, with about 59% in 2021, Europe’s distribution is about 15.2gw in 2021, and the population’s electricity prices in the Russian-Turkish conflict are high, and Europe’s distribution is high.
Demand is strong, and we expect Europe’s distribution of photovoltaics to grow steadily in 2022, rising to 70-80%, corresponding to more than 35gw installed in 2022, with more than double growth. China: Distribution of photovoltaics is more pronounced, and the share is expected to accelerate.
The distribution ratio is expected to accelerate. It reduces fixed spending on staircases, transfer tanks, wire cables, lower taxes on cropland and road bars, economics, high household returns, and business acceleration.
Annual household loading will reach 40gw+ and business 15gw+, with distribution expected to reach 58%. Figure 18: Distribution of installed machines in China (%) Stabilization of power plus good policies to drive the energy industry up the road
In recent years, the market share of photovoltaics has been shifting from centralized to distributed photovoltaics. Intermittent power generation is characterized as one of the biggest bottlenecks limiting distributional photovoltaic extension market applications. Storage Reversers, as the preferred solution to secure continuous power supply, are becoming traditional inverters.
A new strategic leader. New energy generation to achieve large-scale affordable access to the Internet, in addition to requiring a further reduction in the cost of power generation technology, is also calling for more advanced FM peak technology to respond to the mismatch between the regulation of power systems and the supply and demand of electricity. And storage technology is like a cure for these problems, releasing it through self-absorption.
Energy achieves high-efficiency peak-frequency functions, improves the quality of electricity, improves the quality of new energy sources, and improves the benefits of residual access, where the value of storage is fully demonstrated. Domestic policies are intense, and follow-up policies are more catalytic.
In the 14th Plan for the Provinces of Origin, which proposes a 5-15% ratio of strong storage capacity, priority grids over the grid security scale, based on a 20%*4h linkage ratio, offer hourly electricity prices on the side of the user, the difference in the price of the Grand Peak Valley, and we estimate that areas with a difference in the price of electricity of more than $70 million are more economically efficient. We believe that the subsequent storage system is independent.
Policies such as new storage and distribution costs on the side of the grid will be introduced gradually, and storage policies will be improved gradually. It is expected that, by 2025, overseas markets will take the lead, and public projects will be matched with household demand. A number of policies have been implemented in many countries, both within and outside the country, to promote and encourage the development of storage capacity.
In 2020, the US stock market became the world’s third largest reserve market, with public utility projects concentrated in a significant increase from 2021 to 2024, while the supply of electricity was unstable to stimulate demand for storage capacity, and we expect the demand for new storage capacity in the United States to reach 138gw/441gwh in 2030.
Opening of the storage year and re-innovating in 2020 into the largest market in the world ' s accumulated storage capacity, with Germany leading the world ' s largest household energy market, mainly as a result of high residential electricity prices and the shift of subsidy policies to household storage, is expected to demand 131gw/394gwh in 2030. New global storage capacity is expected to be available by 2025.
The inverter market opens up a high-speed growth space The inverter may be classified according to the different dimensions of the technology route, energy storage or not, output exchange voltage, downstream applications, etc. 1) according to the technology route, divided into centralized inverters, cluster inverters, etc.
(b) Dispersal inverters and mini-reversers; the current domestic market for photovoltaic inverters is still dominated by centralized inverters and cluster inverters, while other micro and bulk inverters account for a relatively small share. 2) Depending on energy storage, they are divided into photovoltaic inverters and storage inverters; 3) they are divided into single inverters and tri-reverse inverters based on the number of output-exchange voltage;
4) Distribute to grid-reversers and off-grid inverters, depending on whether they are applied to grid-connected or off-grid power systems; 5) split into centralized photovoltaic inverters and distributed photovoltaic inverters, depending on the type of application. Currently, the market mainstream is divided into four main categories: ground-based power stations and grid-reverters (including centralized and clustering).
The main solution for the earth station is a massive terrestrial power station, which can be used depending on the terrain.
Select a centralized and accommodated inverters. For the more flat terrain, a centralized inverter remains the main solution for large terrestrial power stations. A centralized inverter is used in the form of centralized mppt and centralized grid-connected, with a much lower proportion of nationally concentrated photovoltaic inverter applications from 62% to less than 30% a year, and in the future, with a combination of string inverters.
The market space for centralized light-voltage converters will be further compressed in the application penetration of large terrestrial power stations. The current centralized light-voltage converter manufacturers in the country are predominantly sun-activated, upper-energy electrical, super-electric, etc., where sunlight power is the first listed company in the country to be a photo-volt-reverse transformer and has developed into a leader in the field of centralized light-volt-reverse transformers in the country.
Since 2020, the central photovoltaic power station has adopted a large number of cluster inverters, owing to a strong trend in the combination of high power, rapid decline in unit prices, and a significant increase in value. According to cpia, in 2021, the Chinese market for light-volatile inverters continued to dominate, accounting for 69.6 per cent of the total.
In the future, benefiting from technological overlaps and accelerated precipitation, a continuous increase in the penetration rate of the chain inverters is expected, and the market space is wide. 2.3.2 Benefits from industrial dividends, spread-inverters for good, distributed-inverse markets for a surge, distributed-inverters for a better profit. Distributive markets have a higher unit price and better profit.
In terms of unit prices, household reverses are much higher than commercial and industrial ones, owing to large cost variations. At the same time, centralized inverters are more applied to centralized power stations, 2b models are lower unit prices, distributed markets are more personal consumers, products are somewhat differentiated, new entrants are less likely to break their client-brand partnerships in the short term, class c consumption attributes are strong, profitable.
Better. The number and value of industry-wide inverters have been increased as distribution machines have been upgraded. 2.3.3 functions are fully secure, micro-deficit is better than they continue to climb, micro-reverse functions are more fully secure, and small- and medium-scale power is better at cost. Group + optimizers/closers are in operation.
There are still direct current pressures, security hazards, increased failure points, more complex post-sale dimensions, and more obvious cost advantages in larger power applications, but the combination + shut-down form has only a shut-off function and does not have other functions, such as fire prevention, while the microreverse function is more comprehensive and can be maintained for up to 25 years, and the microreverse-column difference within the small power band is reduced to less than 25 years.
Within 10 cents, in power segments below 3kw, the price of microreverse single-watt sales is already below the set of string + optimizers/closers, and the microreverse is much more economically efficient throughout the life cycle of medium- and small-scale power. The share of micro-reflection in Europe and America’s mlpe is rising, and Latin America and Asia’s emerging rise offers opportunities.
The most important delivery areas, the mlpes, are becoming more permeable, and the price ratio is becoming more pronounced as the difference between the cost of microreversers and optimizers narrows down. The share of microreversers in mlpe is increasing, reaching 31.58% in 2020.
The important growth force in the variable market, where domestic producers with a more visible advantage in costs will have an advantage because of their relatively low policy maturity and user-paying capacity, is expected to be $21,213 million by 2025 in global reverse market size.
The machine forecast is expected to rise to 48.5 per cent by 2025; 2) the global distribution ratio is expected to rise to 48.5 per cent by 2025; 3) the global microreverse penetration rate is 14 per cent, with a global distribution loading rate of 220gw by 2025, and a global demand for microreversibles is estimated at 30.83gw, with a global microreverse market space of approximately 212.13 billion yuan and market space growing rapidly.
2.3.4 Reserves can be 100 million blue seas, and the pattern of competition is gradually showing that storage can be a new growth in the performance of reversible companies. Storage Reversers require two-way currents, a high concentration of single body values, and a majority of the Māori rate between 2020 and 2021 is over 40%.
Companies such as Gudway and German industry have significantly higher rates of storage reversibles than photovoltaic refractioners, superpositioning household storage development belts, further growth of power reversibles, and are expected to add to the reversible company’s new performance.
♪ The technology of the great waves ♪ ♪ Ruddway ♪ ♪ And the web-reverser ♪ ♪ And the power-reverser ♪
We believe that the core barriers are in technology and channels, and that patterns are gradually emerging. Looking at the reservoir reverses market, companies like Sunshine Power, Kostya, Gudway, and Jump Technologies have a layout for storing energy reverses.
For a large rise in the storage-reverse market, a group of China's second-tier fleet of light-voltage converters actively pursues the route of the game and accelerates the acquisition of the market. Sun power is built on the technology and channels of the grid-reverse transformer, keeping the domestic storage capacity at the top of the system.
We expect to see an increase in the rate of subsequent and domestic deliveries as a result of increased R & D and exports of energy reversors in the Bo, Gudway and German industries. 2.3.5 Reverters markets are growing faster than the industry averages.
It's still close to 60%. For the first time since 2015, the city of Sunshine Power Photovoltaic Reverser has surpassed the sma, and it's second in the world, after China. In recent years, in the areas of the Turbo, Gudway, and the German accelerated layout Reverse, there has been a small increase in the city's share.
The reversor main manufacturer keeps up with a high rate of growth. The global reversor tap Sunshine power source came out in 2021 with 47gw, far ahead of its counterparts. It also benefited from a huge increase in the demand for light-voltage machines in 2021, focusing on clustering.
In 2021, there were about 680,000, or about 14gw, of the reversible reversors. In 2017-2021, the main suppliers of the reversibles maintained a high rate of growth, with German shares growing at an average rate of four years. Revert markets grew faster than industry averages.
The market has been growing faster in recent years. The volume of global photovoltaic inverters has risen rapidly since 2017, rising from $1.5 billion in 2017 to $5.1 billion in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 35.9 per cent.
3. Integration + storage capacity, combined with high growth in domestic production, 3.1. Focus on low-pressure storage reversors, high product performance Focus on low-pressure storage reversors, segmenting the track and adapting to the needs of overseas households.
These include 3-3.6kw, 3.6-5kw, 5-8kw single low-pressure inverters, which are primarily for domestic use; and the successive development of low-pressure 8-12kw three-phase inverters with increased power to adapt to larger home applications. The low-pressure invertors are scalable and safe, and when grid failures occur, they are quick to respond and are more suited to overseas household needs.
With smart communication coupling, you can easily upgrade the existing grid system, increase the use of the grid, and have the characteristics of high charge efficiency, safety, etc. Product performance provides low-pressure household solutions. Companies can develop four types of storage solutions for seven to eight years.
Power commons: wind power, photovoltaics, diesel engines, city power, supporting a maximum of 16 cogenerations, leading the country. The company owner of the low-voltage storage reversors with low-voltage voltage voltage, can switch 4ms and off the grid for far less time than his peers, guaranteeing key loads to keep running; the use of frequency drop-in algorithms allows a maximum of 16 storage reversors to perform singles and threes.
The combination does not require additional controllers, with a maximum power of 80kw/128kw and a leading position in the industry. Thus, the use of the company ' s home-based storage reversors is widely applied in the context of charge and even co-connection, with user-accessible storage of high-quality track and company-focused energy. In 2021, the company ' s reverses sold 38,83 million units, of which the storage capacity/combining were sold.
The company’s storage capacity, which is dominated by household holdings, is expected to be above 44% in the last three years, maintaining its share of sales at the highest level. High market demand has resulted in a premium of 10%, and the company’s price of the storage capacity reversible and the Māori ratio are higher than for other categories of products in 2021.
The company's storage counter power ranged from 3 to 12kw, mainly in overseas markets, for sale to the United States, South Africa, Pakistan, etc. Outsourcing is based on two types of ownership plus tag.
Companies account for 82% of the total, with the United States, Pakistan, and the South African market selling 60% of the tags. Unlike their counterparts, which are mainly based on their own brands, firms are flexible in their choice of tags/autonomous brands based on market barriers.
The model can effectively penetrate the United States market, while maintaining high premiums while increasing the efficiency of product extension and ensuring profitability. The lead is in the U.S. Reverse Power Reverser Market, with the leading market-taking industry.
The US storage capacity needs a strong, pro- and off-grid machine, and the company’s product supports diesel generator replacements, matching US demand. The first generation of hybrid reverse transformers sun-8k-sg has been launched for the North American market since 2017, with a reputation for intelligence, performance, and high value over the US market.
High demand in the US market and strong consumer capacity have led to higher product premiums, which now account for 18-20% of corporate reversible revenue, 37-38% of storage reversible income, and are active in emerging markets, with South Africa selling first. Companies in South Africa have a 30% + market share.
In the first place, thousands of installers have accumulated, and markets have grown rapidly. In South Africa, Germany has the largest self-owned brand, with 60% of stickers in Sunsynk, and 40% in autonomous sales. Currently, with 8-10 years of collaboration with larger distributors, distributors have local access and information advantages, hiring local teams for post-sale maintenance and brand promotion, thus opening markets.
South Africa, like the United States, has a highly volatile grid and a high demand for off-grid rigidity, so companies are in favor of off-grid as a whole. South Africa’s market reserves generate 34-35% of its revenues.
3.2. In Latin America, the rise and spread of North America, where companies have increased their product performance by introducing a matrix of new and abundant products, has further expanded the range of power. Currently, the company ' s reversible products are mainly two-and-a-four series, with a range of 0.25-2.00kw, with a relatively wide range of power.
Large, better than their overseas counterparts, with a performance density that is second only to domestic elites, far better than other competing rivals, while firm commitment to new product development will result in the introduction of a drag-and-loss microreflection product that will enrich the company's current product matrix, while a drag-out output power will be raised to 4kw, further expanding power coverage.
In terms of the distribution of corporate vendors, the main German markets were Brazil, South Africa, Turkey, Poland, and, as of December 2021, the number of corporate vendors worldwide stood at 83, of which Brazil had 29. In terms of the share of receipts, the South American market accounted for 70 per cent in 2021, followed by Europe.
Single-watt costs are much lower than those of a micro-reverse leader, enphase, and low-price support companies will take their share of the market to the North American market. In terms of single-watt costs, the company’s micro-reverse single-watt costs are only 0.45 yuan/w, slightly higher than domestic manufacturers, but still far below.
With the introduction of the company’s eight-way series of products, the cost of the public emblem is expected to drop to 0.5/w. The low cost provides a price advantage for the company, which sells only 0.66/w at the lowest co-operation rate, well below the equivalent of $2.43/w for the company’s eight-way series.
The US market is more sensitive to prices, so the low-priced industry has taken up South America’s share of the micro-reverse market. In addition, the company entered the largest market in the United States in the second half of 2022, with relatively higher price acceptance in the North American market.
In Brazil, the company’s annual micro-reverse and fast-disbursed market, with strong hand orders, received 39 million yuan in 2022q1, an increase of 123 per cent in the same year, and 2022q1, with about 40,000 refractions, will rise in 2022, when the company’s new output will be released in mid-April, to reach 4 billion, and the volume of micro-reversible goods will explode, and we expect the company to deliver about 400,000 more throughout 2022.
3.3. Combined products have multiple advantages and value for money highlights the value for money advantage of the group string, and price strategies raise market shares. Company chained reversible products have a power over 1.5kw-110kw, consisting mainly of household-oriented 1.6-6kw inverters, 30-50kw for small businesses and businesses.
Reversers, and 70-110kw inverters for large businesses. A chain-to-net reverse transformer side of the current and communication side, with a 1.5-fold ratio, can optimize the system on the straight side, which means that the benefits of the system are increased, the power costs of the system are reduced, the overall benefits are maximized, and companies are constantly exploring a high proportion of renewable energy use for a significant advance.
In terms of counter-variant unit prices, the German industry is far below the foreign firm’s selling price, is relatively cost-efficient, accelerates the reversal, and can further raise the firm’s market share in the future by means of price strategies. The export of a cluster of products has accelerated, with a wide distribution of overseas markets.
In 2018, the German industry opened the Indian company ksolare, and the volume of inverted goods increased significantly. The Brazilian market has seen rapid growth in demand in recent years, with the German market ranked second in output below 10kw power.
After Gurevat, Brazil became the main market for the company’s chain inverter business. The domestic market was pre-arranged and supplied.
The Division will actively promote the development of domestic markets through cooperation with domestic home users, expanding its foreign advantage to the domestic market. Companies are now a leading supplier of domestic household goods, and are expected to increase their domestic share steadily.
The current sales revenue is $539 million, an increase of 265.53 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The 2022q1 series of inverters earned the invertor. 3.4. Overseas sales markets competed, enjoying overseas premium dividends. Overseas markets competed, and the advantage regions varied. Companies were widely distributed abroad, with exclusive access to Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Spain, Spain, Spain, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, and the United States of America.
South Africa and Pakistan sell channels. By brand and market distribution, Brazil accounted for the largest 36% as of 2021, followed by the United States by 17%, South Africa by 16%, Poland by 6%, India by 4%, Pakistan by 2%. Corporate markets are mainly distributed in Brazil, the United States, and South Africa.
Having an overseas premium dividend guarantees a higher Māori ratio of products. The overseas market for corporate reverse products is more than 90%, the industry is more mature overseas, customers are more product-oriented and price-sensitive; and domestic customers are more focused.
Heavy value for money and competition among manufacturers have led to a much higher Māori rate for overseas products than for domestic products. The average Māori rate for domestic producers in 2020 was 39.7 per cent, well above the domestic rate of 16.1 per cent.
3.5.igbt chips take the lead in national production, and cost advantages highlight the high demand in the gbt market, affecting the inverter industrial chain. In light voltage and wind power, the gbt is the core device of the photovolt and wind converter, accounting for 20-30% of the inverter value.
In 2022, the photovoltaic industry is expected to grow by 50%, and the output of the reverse transformers is dependent on the amount of chips they get, and the photovoltaic gbt is still scarce. In the long term, the global market for photovoltaic reverse transformers will be 45.8 billion in 2020-2025.
The yuan rose to 10,96 billion yuan, of which the new domestic market grew from 7.2 billion yuan to 16.4 billion yuan, and the new overseas market grew from 36.8 billion yuan to 91.5 billion yuan. By 20% of the value of the inverter, the market size of the world and China ' s photovoltaic inverter will be 27.4 billion yuan and 4.1 billion yuan, respectively, in 2025.
There is a global shortage of igbt chips, with German national production taking the lead. Currently, the supply of igbt is tight, and the industrial output is limited mainly to the igbt chip chain. The storage reversors of 8kw and 12kw, and even higher power levels, need to be used for 75 and 1,200 volts of igbt.
Companies are actively trying alternatives to national production, working mainly with Nuevo, Stardiper and Hua Yuu, and the national production-in-country chip cost advantages are highlighted, and Māori rates are guaranteed. The efficiency of the national gbt chip is close to 99%, but the price is lower than the import chip, which is 20-30% lower than the import cost, and can account for 8-10% of the reverse changer cost overall.
There is a difference in energy power and stability between the production chip and the import, but the German industry, through life-cycle laboratories, keeps the national product igbt high-quality shutters and feed tests, ensures the consistency of the national product igbt and software suitability, and adjusts the quality of the original product as a whole.
With a strong supply capacity, it has doubled over 22 years. The German industry has been increasing its cooperation with major importers such as Ansomy, England and England, and, in 2021, working companies have reached the highest English-flying customer classification, so they're on the igbt supply side.
At the same time, the company’s domesticization is moving fast, with a guaranteed supply agreement with Xueqian and a stable supply. As a result of the impact of the Hong Kong epidemic in China, import chips in the first quarter of 2022 and throughout the year are strained, but they benefit from a high rate of domesticization, a strong supply capacity for companies, and a projected doubling of the volume of inverted goods.
1) We assume that in 2022, the stock/group inverter sales doubled, the mini-reverse tripled, the inverse in its entirety sold at an average price of $2894, and that later competitions by domestic firms abroad do not exclude the possibility of a price war, and we assume that the reverse inverters go out to the sea at an accelerated rate, low-pressure inverters are safe and fit for overseas household needs; company heat exchanger operations and
Increased competition in the inverter sector: later competition from domestic firms abroad, not excluding the possibility of price wars;
Foreign trade policy changes: anti-dumping, countervailing investigation measures against domestic photovoltaic products in some countries and regions, which could result in more coercive measures against domestic retrofit firms in future overseas trade policies
Insufficient supply of raw materials: Due to the dependence on imports of raw materials igbt, i.e., raw materials in photovoltaic reverse transformers, it is not possible to fully replace national production in the short term, which could result in a larger financial forecast of German shares for domestic inverters if the supply chain changes overseas.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board