Re-innovation is low, refinancing planning is advanced, and a detailed reading of the Nanjing Bank's three-quarters report of 2020, 29 October 2020
• A temporary slowdown in the growth of non-interest income. The pace of growth in performance has been reversed from positive to negative, while the main positive factor has been the reversal of impairment losses of assets on a year-on-year basis. Among these, the decline in non-interest income has been due mainly to changes in fair value and investment returns caused by short-term market fluctuations.
The net interest difference for the first three quarters was 1.83 per cent, a decrease of 2 bp from the first half. The ratio of return on interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities was measured to fall by 4 bp and 1 bp, respectively, over the first half of the same period. As a result of the optimized asset structure of the company, loans with a relatively high rate of return at the end of the three season increased the ratio of interest-bearing assets by 30 bp to 44.74 per cent compared to the end of the second quarter, with personal loans.
The ratio of loans to total loans rose by between 3.10 pct and 29.47% at the end of the second season, and we suspect that the interest-bearing asset return ratio may be due to the backward impact of lending in favour of low-risk industries and lower interest rates in the first half of the year.
The annualized ratio of non-performing loans fell by 21bp to 0.98% in a single season in the third quarter. The negative rate at the end of the three seasons was equal to 0.90%, the rate of concern fell by 15bp to 1.18%, all of which were low on the list of banks, and the industry was well-established and hidden in the front of the list, with the lending ratio falling by 17bp to 3.43%, and risk resilience remained strong.
Corporate fundamentals are good, focusing on the transformation of the Great Retail Strategy and the Trading Bank Strategy around the requirements of the new five-year strategic plan and optimizing the business structure. While short-term performance has slowed temporarily due to market fluctuations, in the long run, corporate asset quality industries have led and hidden non-performing loans have generated less pressure, and the capital bottlenecks that have previously constrained stock prices have been met.
Breaking through, companies are about to issue no more than $20 billion in debt-transferable debt, and capital replenishment planning and progress are accelerating to open up scope for growth. This is a year in which the company’s new five-year strategic plan is fully accelerated.
1. Bank of Nanjing (601009), showing good performance, assessment: improved asset quality, provision for release of profits, first, low rate of re-innovation and refinancing planning
On 28 October, the company released a three-quarter report for 2020: net profit returns in the first three quarters grew by 2.01 per cent on a year-on-year basis, moving from positive to negative, while the main positive factor was the loss of impairment of assets.
The decline was mainly due to changes in fair value and investment returns caused by short-term market fluctuations. The return on interest-bearing assets was measured to have declined by 4bp over the first half of the year, while the cost of interest-bearing liabilities was reduced by 1bp over the first half of the year, which was the main reason.
After an increase of 30bp to 44.74% at the end of the second season, and an increase of 3.10pct to 29.47% in the share of individual loans in total loans compared to the end of the second quarter, we suspect that the interest-bearing asset yield ratio below the circle may be due to the investment in low-risk industries in favour of lower-risk sectors and the delayed impact of lower interest rates in the first half of the year.
The negative-rate ratio is equal, the rate of concern is low, the negative-rate ratio is equal, and the asset-quality industry is leading. As the epidemic improves, the pressure on corporate non-performing lending has diminished.
The interest rate drops by 15bp to 1.18% and is low on listed banks, and the industry has a strong and hidden influence on non-performing loans. The 379.93% coverage at the end of the three seasons, although the ring drops by 21.46pt, is still at the top of the list, figure 8: Nanjing Bank credit cost, non-performing loan generation rate
In the first half of the year, the top-up boots were set to fill the company's capital short-chain, removed the constraints of scale expansion and increased total assets at the end of the three seasons.
It is 12.11% long, up by 3.46 pct at the end of the second season. On the other hand, it means refinancing access, and external capital replenishment is expected to accelerate.
Figure 10: Capital adequacy at all levels of Nanjing Bank
Transforming focus and optimizing business structures. While short-term performance has slowed temporarily due to market fluctuations, corporate asset quality industry leads and hidden non-performing loans have generated less pressure in the long run, before capital bottlenecks to equity prices have broken out, and capital replenishment planning and progress has accelerated, hopefully opening up scope for growth. This year, the company’s new five-year strategic plan has been fully accelerated.
Figure 11: Bank of Nanjing pb-band 1, asset quality fluctuations; 2, interest rate centre decline; 3, economic recovery is not as successful as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.