In 2021, Miniled showed a 70% increase in the size of the application.
In the long run, the company, as the lead company for semiconductor equipment in the country, has been able to build up its miniled production capacity, and as the lead company for miniled equipment, China and China, the downstream industry will continue to have an emit of 2023, with the company as the lead company for semiconductor equipment in the country, storing the high-end etching equipment technology.
The company is expected to be about 22 times higher in 2022, and the company, as a leading domestic etching plant, will have a premium to keep buying the minilared demand strong, and chip enterprise expansion will benefit directly from the end of the equipment: with mobile phones, pens, laptops, etc.
With the rise of vehicle and even television miniled applications, high-level workers are expected to show a 70 per cent increase in size in 2021 and to maintain a high growth rate in 2022, and the mainstream led industry has joined the miniled expansion team, with a Trian plus code of $7.9 billion.
With the expansion of miniled capacity, 1h21miniled capacity has grown by 50%, and it is generally expected that industry headlines will grow by more than 50% in 2022 and will directly benefit equipment firms.
The industrial development dividend will be fully realized through a significant increase in productive capacity and a reduction in costs. The third generation of semiconductor material, represented by gan, will also have a sustained impact on the demand for mocvd equipment, which will further support the implementation of the industry’s production standards, except in the area of miniled.
3q21 net profit growth after deduction: 1-3q21 achieved revenues of RMB 2.07 billion, while yoy increased institutional investors accounted for 40 per cent of the share in circulation a 40 per cent; net profit of RMB 540 million, or 96 per cent with Yoy; non-net profit of RMB 170 million, yoy
462% higher. Of these, 3q21 won $730 million in the first quarter, youy 47% more, and net profits. The company ' s overall profitability and profitability went up one more step. From the Māori rate, 1-3q increased 6.9 percentage points over the same period the previous year, and profitability increased significantly.
The harvest is still relatively small, but with the rapid increase in domestic semiconductor equipment demand, the firm’s elasticity of post-performance growth will be even more pronounced. $1.6 billion alone, a significant increase over the same period.
Annual revenues were 3.2 billion yuan and 4.4 billion yuan, while yoy grew by 39 per cent and 38 per cent, with a net profit of $710 million, representing a premium on the valuation of the country ' s leading semiconductor equipment manufacturers and a rating for purchases.