Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) • Events: On 27 October 2021, the company issued a three-quarterly report on its performance, and in the previous three quarters it achieved revenues of $1.352 billion, an increase of 99.01 per cent over the same period, a Māori rate of 43.97 per cent, high growth in corrosion equipment and high growth in corrosion
High Māori benefits mainly from: market developments for semiconductor equipment and the firm ' s strong competitive advantage in the field of plasma etching equipment. 2) Mocvd equipment: revenue of $304 million, a 24.27 per cent decline compared to the previous year. Income decline is mainly due to the saturation of the lighting led market, declining demand in the industry and the new year.
The order for the size of the mini-ledmocvd equipment signed has not yet been delivered; however, the Māori rate for the business is 32.21%, a significant increase over the same period last year, and is expected to stimulate the demand for mocvd equipment with the application of mini-led, micro-led, power devices and deep UV-led products.
In January-September 2021, the company signed a new single amount of $3.52 billion, an increase of 110 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate increased for products such as mocvd; the net interest rate for sales increased by 7.37 pct over the same period by 26.13; the net interest rate for non-post sales increased by 7.96 per cent over the same period by 11.04 pct. The company ' s net profit for the first three quarters was 542 million yuan over the same period, representing an increase of 95.66 per cent over the same period.
More than the growth rate, mainly the increase in the Māori rate, which boosts the high profit-side growth. Single q3, the company returns $145 million in net profit to its parent, which is a year-on-year increase - 8.02 per cent, mainly due to the rapid expansion of the production capacity of an indirect Mid-Crystal International crystal circle plant and the acceleration of national production equipment.
In the context of the lack of core, the global crystal mill is expanding its capacity, and new production lines are now at the peak of the semiconductor “movein” device. According to Semi, the global semiconductor system in 2021 is expected to initiate the construction of 19 crystal mills and 10 more in 2022 to meet market-to-chips differences.
According to ic insights, in 2022, China’s continental crystal factory will produce 4.1 million units per month, representing 17.15% of global capacity. According to tender network data, since August, China Cube International, China Rainbow Semiconductor, Yangtze River, etc.
Many new tenders for equipment, such as storage, have accelerated the arrival of domestic semiconductor equipment into gold development in a wave of domestic production brought about by supply-chain security. Downstream crystal mill capital spending has fallen short of expectations, with increased industrial competition and deepening global trade friction.
Figure 1 is growing in size and chart 2 is a net profit to the mother over the years.
Figure 3 Company net profit on non-mortality in calendar years Chart 4 net profit on maternity versus net profit on non-mortality Chart 7 Māori ratio on sales & net interest rate on sales
The increase in the Māori ratio of specialized equipment is evident in figure 13, the rate of capture of corrosion devices in figure 14 and the acceleration of the increase in the rate of collection of equipment in figure 16.
In 2018, the crystal ball first produced the report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report were from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report would not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.