On 27 October 2021, Sino-Mine issued a three-quarterly report, and in the first three quarters the company realized a 20.73 Chinese Micro Company (688012.sh)
In the third quarter, 734 million yuan should be collected, representing an increase of 47.45 per cent in the same year; in the third quarter, the net return to the mother is 145 million yuan, which increases both the net and the non-net gains, and the Māori rate remains high. In the third quarter, the company achieved 734 million yuan, representing an increase of 47.45 per cent and a decline of 0.15 per cent in the ring; and in the third quarter, the net return to the mother was 145 million yuan, a decrease of 8.02 per cent.
Price fluctuations have resulted in a loss of $116 million in fair value changes during the quarter. If the net gain is excluded, three quarters of equipment income has risen, and the company ' s Māori rate has remained high in three quarters, with an increase of 7 pct to 1 million yuan, a 46% decline in the same year, and the ring has remained essentially the same.
The mocvd equipment has received high orders from downstream clients, with three-quarter contract liabilities of $893 million, an increase of $460 million over the reported contribution of mocvd (the corrosion equipment has not been received in advance). The amount of the orders is also reflected in the new order of $3.52 billion signed by the company in the previous three quarters, corresponding to the new order for the current quarter.
In the third quarter, the corrosion equipment generated 494 million yuan, equivalent to 1,658 million yuan, consisting mainly of commodities delivered and expected to deliver in the fourth quarter. As the national ccp equipment leader, the public department stored the raw threads of indigenous logical chips, such as crystal mills, in the Yangtze River.
Thirty-five percent, with a higher share of storage plants, and looking ahead to next year, the accelerated landing of the national production line will bring a further increase in equipment demand for the company, and the development of film equipment (epi, lpcvd) is expected to be 41/30/21 times the next year. The company, as the lead company in the semiconductor equipment industry, will continue to develop equipment technology.
Break-through, with a strong degree of national substitution certainty, city occupancy is expected to continue to rise, and “buy-in” is expected to be maintained.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Main financial and valuation data (millions of dollars)
In 2017, in the Pacific, in 2018, in 2018, in sales securities, and in 2020, in the electronics industry, in the 3/2nd place in the electronics industry of the Golden Bull Award of 18/19. Li Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, in 2018, in the Southwest, and in 2020, in the faith securities, familiar with the semiconductor industrial chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, familiar with the consumer electronics industry chain. Autumnto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.