Larger shares High prices for fluorinated raw materials, refrigerants, fluorinated polymers and profits increased significantly over the same period last year, with significant cost advantages for fluorinated raw materials, and a number of subsequent construction projects.
In the first three quarters of 2021, business income was 12,623 million yuan, compared to $208 million net profit and non-repatriation net profit, which was reversed. In the third quarter, operating income was 4,438 million yuan, an increase of 18.50 per cent, and the mother net profit was $154 million, an increase of 501.10 per cent.
Prices of products have generally risen, with a larger rise in the raw materials of the fluorine industry. The global economy has recovered steadily from last year’s low base, with domestic economic recovery strong, and market demand for the fluorine industry has expanded.
The price of the product rose on a full-line basis, but the structural differentiation was more marked, with F-gases, F-polymer materials, refrigerants, etc. The same increase was greater. Of these, the price of F-gases increased by 83.41 per cent over the year, the price of refrigerants increased by 23.33 per cent over the year, the price of F-polymer materials increased by 37.55 per cent over the same year, including 37.55 per cent over the same year.
Prices of fluorinated fine chemicals increased by 6.50% on the same year. Prices of key raw materials fell by 11.77% on the same year, raising levels of profitability. Outsourcing of fluorinated feedstock products dropped by 8.59% on the same year, and refrigerant sales increased by 9.97% on the same date (with the same increase in sales of hfcs).
In addition, several ongoing projects, such as the tons/year cm and the 130,000 ahf technology improvement project, will be completed in 2021. In addition, according to the above-certified e interaction, the company is already in the production stage of Phase 2a of Project 10kt/apvdf.
The remaining 13kt/ahcfc-142b main installation with pvdf installed has been put into operation. The competitive advantage of multiple projects will be further enhanced to provide a solid industrial base for international top-notch fluorinated enterprises.
The potential hfcs reduction programme under the two-carbon policy has resulted in large fluctuations in product prices.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations