The silicon industry has seen a small drop in revenue, new products for new projects have been promoted in an orderly fashion, net profit of $187 million for the mother, an increase of 240.35 per cent for the same year, and net profit for non-return to the mother - $25 million, a decrease for the same year.
Lead companies, looking at the increase in new energy release and the expansion of new products, maintain their ratings. The increase in new energy release and the expansion of new products, the small drop in corporate income of 23h1, and the semiconductor industry is still in the cyclical adjustment phase.
4.11%. From the revenue split, the company ' s 200mm and the following semiconductor silicon (including soi silicon) operations realized revenues of 930 million yuan, a decrease of 6.10% from the same year, with the subsidiary ' s 200 mm silicon business revenue increasing slightly from the same year, and the okmetic revenue falling by 17% from the same year: the new 300 mm semiconductor silicon business in Shanghai generated revenues of 644 million yuan from the same year.
The wsts data show that the global semiconductor market size of 23h1 was $244 billion, a decrease of 5.4 per cent, of which the market size of our semiconductor was about $70 billion, a decrease of 22.4 per cent, and that of 23o2 rings, the volume of silicon was 2.0 per cent, with 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
After a gradual recovery in the semiconductor industry, the company’s main business is expected to grow steadily. The net profit from non-repatriation is reversed by positive and profitable investment in R & D and project construction.
This represents an increase of $132 million over the same period last year, a significant increase of 240.35 per cent. The net profit of 23h1 is negative. The main reason is that the net profit of the company’s current silicon business is almost equal, but the 300mm high-end silicon material project is under development, the 200mm silicon silicon project in Finland is under construction, and the new silicon silicon silicon silica silica silica silica silica synthesity is in construction.
According to the semi-annual report of 2023, the company’s subsidiary, Shanghai Shinji, continued to build 300 mm semiconductor silicon production capacity, with 300,000 units per month of production running since the end of production.
The volume of shipments remained stable, with over 8 million pieces accumulated in history; 300,000 tablets per month of 300 mm semiconductor silicon items produced in phase II were moved in from 22o4 and have now generated 70,000 additional units per month, with the total market value of the company expected to be 300 mm by the end of the 23rd year (million yuan)
The semiconductor silicon production capacity will reach 450,000 pieces per month. The 23h1 subsidiary has continued to promote 300 mm high-end silicon, a three-month average of trading in base materials (millions of yuan) pilot projects, and its subsidiary's new silicon wing has been active in the process promotion and market opening of the products.
The company’s subsidiary Finland Okmetic’s 200 mm semiconductor special silicon expansion project in Vantaa, Finland, is holding limited shares in the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund.
Construction is planned, and it is expected that construction will be completed during the year. The new silicon polymerization product of the company’s holding subsidiary has been certified by its clients.
The growth rating is maintained in view of the increase in the release of new capacity and the growth in the development of new products. The demand volatility caused by the industry’s climate; the pace of expansion projects was not as high as expected; the rate of start-up was limited, etc.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.