Performance in the first half of the year and expansion of production capacity continues to advance Investment rating: incremental (adjusted) • high cyclical environmental impact, short-term corporate performance pressure
Since 22h2, with weak end demand, downstream chip manufacturing firms and storage plants have begun to experience a decline in their capacity utilization; at the same time, cyclical adjustment trends in the industry, influenced by high stock levels, have been passed on to the silicon industry. As a result, companies have experienced a decline in both their earnings and net profits.
The company ' s 23h1 net profit on the same basis increased significantly, mainly as a result of higher fair value returns from equity investments in upstream and downstream firms in industries in which the company was involved, while government subsidies also contributed to the growth of the company ' s net profit on 23h1.
• In keeping with long-term development strategies, the semiconductor silicon production capacity is advancing steadily The company, as the main domestic supplier of semi-conductor silicon, has consistently pursued long-term development strategies, actively addressing operational challenges and opportunities, and steadily implementing the strategic objectives set.
At the end of 23, the company’s 300mm semiconductor silicon production capacity is expected to reach 450,000. Its subsidiary, Finland’s kmetic, is located in Vantaa, Finland.
The 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon silicon expansion project is expected to complete the building of the plant during the year.
To promote market opening and actively seek to interact with upstream and downstream firms in the industrial chain, creating a rich product mix that meets client diversification needs. In the context of outreach operations, in the context of markets with strong demand for new energy vehicles and industrial products, companies’ subsidiaries have developed new and proud technology with customers.
In addition, as a strategic investor with a strategic and long-term vision of cooperation, the company has also been involved in client Xiao.
The company is expected to continue to improve its market position and competitiveness in the semiconductor silicon sector as a result of more in-depth discussions with customers and suppliers.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively from publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.