In the first half of 2023, under pressure, the capacity-building support performance increased, the silicon industry (688126.sh) multiplied, and we looked at the growth in the capacity-building of companies, and the company kept the "buy-in" rating for the silicon.
• Weak end-market demand leads to firm performance pressure, capacity-building + market expansion leading to performance growth, which, in terms of corporate revenue, is constrained by weak end-market demand, declining capacity utilization in downstream chip manufacturing enterprises and storage plants, combined with the impact of high stock levels, with business income pressure from 2023h1.
In terms of net profits, the fair value gains from the equity investments of companies involved in many industries, both upstream and downstream, have increased significantly, with 2023h1 having increased their net profits on a year-on-year basis. In terms of capacity-building, the company’s subsidiary, Shanghai, is implementing a second phase of 300,000 new tablets/300mm semiconductor silicon per month.
The construction project has now generated 70,000 additional units per month, with the company ' s 300mm semiconductor silicon production expected to reach 450,000 units per month by the end of 2023; and the company ' s subsidiary, Finland ' s Okmetic, in Vantaa, Finland, has increased revenue performance on a year-on-year basis and continued profitability.
The 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon silicon expansion project is expected to complete the building of the plant by the end of 2023. According to the public upgrade - company information update report - 2023.4.11 D. Market expansion, the new silicon silicon silica syndication of the company’s controlling subsidiary continues to be developed and sampled, in part.
The high growth of the 2022H1 battalion, with a promising outlook - certified by the client. We believe that as the company continues to build up its new productive capacity, as the company continues to explore further with its clients, and as the company continues to look for opportunities to work with its customers, it will help the company to open up its markets and improve it.
Corporate performance provides a driving force for sustained growth in future performance.