Silicon Industries (688126): net profit return, Silicon Industries, Main Business, Shanghai Silicon Industries Group, Inc.
On 10 August, the silicon industry published its semi-annual report for 2023, which generated 1,574 million yuan, compared to 4.41 per cent for semiconductor silicon and other materials, and a net profit of 187 million yuan, an increase of 240.35 per cent.
The types of products provided by the company include 300 mm polished and extrapolated blades, 200 mm or less, extrapolated blades and soi silicon chips.
Image treatment chips, generic processor chips, power devices, subject to semiconductor cyclical adjustments, with income falling by 4.41 per cent in the first half of the year, active expansion of the company, construction work, sensors, radio frequency chips, simulation chips, separation devices, etc.
This is an increase of 110.14% over the same period. As the semiconductor industry is still in the cyclical adjustment phase, the company’s subsidiaries are in the field.
The new 300-mm silicon business in Shanghai has seen a small drop in revenues, the 200-mm silicon business award for new technology, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences award for excellence in science and technology, which is a small increase over the same period last year, and the income of Okmetic has fallen by 17% compared to the same period last year.
In many industries, equity investments in upstream and downstream companies have generated higher fair value returns, with net return profits of $187 million, an increase of 240.35 per cent. The company has been actively expanding, with an increase in its stock in the first half of 2023 due to the increased availability of raw materials and spare parts, as well as the increased production of finished products.
According to wsts, the Chinese semiconductor market was about 70 billion in the first half of 2023.
After two consecutive quarters of the first quarter, silicon silicon output grew by 2.0% over the 2023q2 ring, with 300 mm semiconductor silicon output starting to grow. The company actively promoted capacity-building work, with the new subsidiary Shanghai building 300,000 additional silicon silicon products per month.
Projects to achieve additional capacity of 70,000 units per month; affiliates ' new technology and kmetic 200mm and silhouettes with total equity/transita shares (million shares) with a total output capacity of more than 500,000 units per month; affiliates ' new technology and kmetic
Circulation b/h (millions) 200 mm and below silicon silicon production capacity of more than 65,000 tablets per month, with an expected increase in the number of companies.
The company aims to become a “one-stop” silicon package service provider and has formed a large-size silicon platform with 300 mm semiconductor silicon and a special silicon platform with soi silicon with a core of soi silicon, with product categories covering semiconductor silica silica, expanses, silicon silicon silicon and pressurizing film material.
Other semiconductor materials are configured. The company is a national leader in technology and technological innovation, with a national leader in new 300 mm silicon technology in Shanghai, achieving full coverage for major domestic customers and full coverage for downstream application logic/storage/image sensors (cis) chips: Okmetic200mm and
The following dimensions of mems are leading the world with polishing technology levels and a breakdown of market shares; the technology levels and a breakdown of market shares of new Xerox technologies 200 mm and below; and the technology of new Xerox technologies and kmetic as one of the major suppliers of international X-200mm and below soi silicon tablets.
At a global advanced level. Companies are continuing to develop and model their products and customers, leading the country in technology. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies grasping historical opportunities for domestic transfers of semiconductor industries, s1480526001
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the silicon industry (688126): net return profits grew by 240.35 per cent over the year, actively promoting productive capacity-building.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the silicon industry (688126): net return profits increased by 240.35 per cent a year, and productive capacity-building was actively promoted.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East analyzes his own research views.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the silicon industry (688126): net return profits grew by 240.35 per cent over the year, actively promoting productive capacity-building.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.