2023h1 short-term income pressure and silicon expansion progressing steadily — the silicon industry (688126.sh) company incident assessment report — the silicon industry released its semi-annual report for 2023: the company achieved revenue in the first half of the year.
iuzy@cfsc.com.cn, coupled with weak end-market demand, such as consumer-type electronics, downstream chip manufacturing enterprises and the impact of lower capacity utilization of storage plants plus higher stock levels, has been a major source of revenue for the past few years.
The downside adjustment of the business cycle leads to a decline in corporate income and profit ring ratios in the upper semiconductor silicon industry. The net profit loss is mainly 300 mm of high-end silicone material project, and 200 mm of silicon in Finland is under development.
The project is in the process of construction, the new silicon polymerized voltage film material project is in the process of product validation, and the continued large investment in research and development and construction projects has resulted in net non-repatriation profits being reduced by $49.784 million compared to the same period the previous year.
The silicon business continues to expand, the city’s share is expected to increase by 300 mm of large silicone business, and the subsidiary Shanghai’s new branch continues to build capacity for 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
The capacity utilization rate and the volume of deliveries remained stable, with over 8 million pieces accumulated in history, representing the largest volume of production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon orthopaedic orthopaedic products on a national scale and having achieved full coverage of applications such as logic, storage, image sensors (cis)
The production equipment for the ongoing phase 2 production of 300,000 new tablets/300 mm semiconductor/month silicon production project has been in place since the fourth quarter of 2022 and has now generated 70,000 additional units per month, with a combined capacity of 370,000 units per month.
By the end of 2023, it is expected to reach 450,000 units per month. The company’s new technology and okmetic 200mm and below polishing tablets have combined output capacity of more than half a million units per month; and 200 mm and below soi silicon have combined capacity of more than 65,000 units per month.
We look at the product layout and technological advantages of the company, covering it for the first time.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.