Xinhua Insurance Report 2017, Summary Review/Non-Bank Finance. Xinhua Insurance issued its 2017 annual report on March 20, with $14,432 million in revenue for the year.
1.4 per cent decline in insurance revenue of $109,294 million, 2.9 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $5,383 million, a sustained growth in the size of the company and robust performance in the critical year of the transition
Since 2016, the company has embarked on a restructuring and transformational development phase, with 2017 being the key year for the company to implement its transformation strategy: 1) profit has been effectively released, with net return profits increasing by 8.9 per cent; 2) overall strength has risen, with the total assets of the company reaching 71,275 million yuan in 2017 for the first time. The value of the new business has grown by 12,063 million yuan, or 15.4 per cent.
(a) The income focus has shifted to a renewal premium, and the return to the guarantee of health insurance has contributed to the development of the health insurance Unit compared with the upward trend of 300;
(b) The growth in the size of guaranteed products over a long period indicates that the development effects of the transition to a guaranteed business have already been demonstrated. Ten years and more Human capacity has been strengthened, efficiency has been enhanced, and the transition has been made to a high-quality development path.
In 2017, the company continued to strengthen the construction and development of its insurance workforce, reaching nearly 348,000 people by the end of the year, an increase of 6%. The average monthly performance rate is 47%, the monthly average per capita output is 5801 yuan, the overall human quality rate is improving, and the quality and efficiency of its operations are gradually improving.
After two years of proactive re-engineering, the income focus has shifted to a rollover and the scale of the roll-out has been effectively reduced. Growth in human size will strongly support an increase in premiums, and health insurance growth will continue to drive companies back to secure conditions.
1. Report on developments in the non-banking financial sector (20180319): long-term frugal disturbances, open door pressure, no change to the overall soundness of the listed venture
2. Report on the dynamics of the non-banking financial sector (20180313): Re-entry guarantees for transition and the emergence of large-scale risk-taking advantages
3. People Living and Silver Weekly: 2018005: Bonding Basics Steady, Long-Term Investment Values of Insurance Units 4. Stocktaking of Events in Non-Bank Financial Sectors
Zhou Xiaoping, mid-level economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly employed in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, responsible for macro-economic and industrial research. Joined the civil securities in 2015.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,