The three-quarterly review of Paulie Development (600048) in 2024, the scale of the carry-over and the Māori rate have declined, and performance in the previous three quarters has fallen year-on-year. The three-quarterly report of Paulie Development (600048), released in 2024, achieved business income of $182.77 billion.
Corporate profits declined over the same period, mainly as a result of carry-over revenue and a decline in the Māori rate of the project during the reporting period. Industry ranked first in the previous three quarters of sales scale. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved 29.66% of the contract amount. While sales fell over the same period, they were better overall than their peers.
In the first three quarters, the company added a volume of 223 to its total market value of about 17%, and the acquisition of the project remained relatively prudent.
At the end of the third quarter, the company had 652 projects under construction, with a surface capacity of 8,713,000 square metres, an area of 5,286 million square metres to be developed and sufficient land reserves.
Investment proposals: The company is a listed real estate company owned by a large central firm, the Chinese Poly Corporation, which has developed a wealth of project development experience for more than 30 years, insisting on the opening of ordinary homes and the development of core cities, the continuous leading of sales, and the rising market rate.
The Division has sound financial management, low financing costs, competitiveness, and security and growth. Short-term settlement income and the Maori rate have declined and performance has been pressured, but overall profitability has been maintained.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.