A slight drop in revenue, a high equity ratio of investments, three-quarter reviews in 2024.
Hu Hsiao-woo, maintaining a high equity ratio: the company kept investing, adding 2.23 million units in the previous three quarters, showing a relative depth of 300
The total amount of land should be $41.5 billion, corresponding to an average land acquisition price of $18610 per square metre and a corresponding local sales ratio of 1.04 per cent in the previous three quarters. Since the area was mainly concentrated in higher-energy cities in the previous three quarters, the 38 core cities accounted for 99 per cent of the total, and therefore the average land acquisition price was higher than the average sales price.
In total, 24 additional plots have been added, and we've been collating them in accordance with our business announcements. The total value of the new plots is about $36.83 billion, corresponding to 86.87 per cent of the shares, and a high proportion of the shares are maintained. According to a total area of 5,286 million developed, there are plenty of land in hand. In the first three quarters of the construction, the company has started new construction.
Reduction in asset-liability ratio: In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved a total sales return of $219.6 billion, a return return rate 1. [Galactic Realty] company point evaluation - positive growth, reasonable control Investment proposal: a slight decline in corporate revenue in the first three quarters of 2024, exposure to market downfalls, equity ratios, etc.
The impact of the fall in net profit for mothers; the increase in sales realizations; the focus on investments; the right to land; 2.
Achieving positive growth _ Paulie's semi-annual performance in 2024 is rated very quickly. 3. [Galactic Real Estate] prudently considers impairments, with deep-deeping effects highlighting _Paul's relative ratings of 11.43x, 10.89x, 10.22x, and maintenance of `recommended' ratings.
4. [Galactic Real Estate] Income performance declined, with a positive share of the risk of a decline in the share of the return, the risk of a shortfall in the return of funds, the risk of a failure to pay off debts, and the risk of a failure to meet expectations
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.