Losses in fair value drag on performance, with a steady increase in sales of own resources \triangleright and lower prices drag off performance. Lithium salt plate 1: 24 years of corporate lithium salt production
\triangleright pool-grade lithium carbonate at an average cost of $90,000, or 64.6 per cent, of which 24q4 battery-grade lithium carbonate at an average cost of 76,000.
Lithium battery plate 1: 24-year power storage energy battery output of 11.4gwh, same as +7.8 per cent, sales of 8.2gwh, same as the 24-year consumer electronic battery production of 340 million, same as the research assistant, South Snow.
The decline of 6.3 pcc over the same year is expected to be due mainly to the fall in product prices. Gains from fair value changes are delaying performance: 14.8 billion yuan in fair value changes over 24 years, a decrease in \triangleright
As a result of the fall in the price of the financial assets held by the company, 24q4 started to actively apply the approximation option. 1. The semi-annual 2024 report for the lithium industry (002460.sz) was designed to reduce the impact of the pilbara price fluctuations on the company ' s performance, but we still expect that the price of the pilbara will fall.
The company ' s performance in 24q4 was delayed and the price fell as a result of the company ' s shareholding loss on the Marion mine.
The core point is that the smelting taps are moving towards integration. The c-o salt lake project in Argentina is operational and phase II expansion is planned; the Mariana salt lake phase in Argentina is officially operational in February 25, with an increase in releases beginning in 25; and the Goulamina project in Mali is 506,000 tons of lithium concentrate in phase I.
To be able to start production, the production of lithium concentrates from phase II projects could increase to 1 million tons; to be able to release production from the company’s own resources, the profitability of the lithium salt plate would be significantly improved.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.