On October 28, 2024, the q3 Māori rate was robust, and industrial construction would lead to elastic performance.
-Congregation 2024q3 performance rating 9 per cent increase in the collection ratio of the Trans-Tex q3 facility overseas, 1.75 pct increase in the Māori ratio, circulation market value (million yuan):
It is expected that q4 will continue to increase its stocks to meet the recovery of downstream demand, but capacity utilization is slow and is expected to decline slightly in q4. São Paulo shares q3 are released from the production capacity of Texas instruments and active strategies in China, but the company maintains overall hair through product structure optimization and sustained new product development.
In the area of motor vehicles, unlike in other regions, China has a strong demand for new energy vehicles, leading to an increase of 7-8% in the yield of auto products. In the industrial sector, q3ti industrial operations have been reduced by a single number, but most industries have already shown positive bottom signals, and the overall move to stock is close.
The positive price strategy and the growing demand for mobile phones and laptops have led to an increase of about 30% in the consumer sub-sector. The firm’s robust Māori ratio illustrates the background in which the ecological and product structure of its operations has become more competitive in the industry.
In the consumer, industrial, communications and automobile industries, 53%, 32%, reporting that the overall Māori rate is stable and growth flexible for industry in the second half of the year.
The industrial sector and the increased demand in China's automobile market are expected to generate significant growth in corporate revenue.
Downside risk: increased competition and too fast price decline: New markets slowly opening up: other systemic risks Figure 2: Company single-quarter net profit return and acceleration (millions of dollars) Figure 3: Company ' s quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate
Figure 4: Corporate performance The downstream industry landscape has accelerated: the current period of sustained improvement in global macroeconomics will lead to steady business development, and further improvements in the macro-environment will benefit corporate performance.
Corporate Māori improvements and higher unit prices: promoting the spread of new products such as high-precision industry adc, special pmic chip, etc. in industry, automobiles, communications, etc. Increased competition and fast price declines; continued price competition for domestic and foreign corporate homogenous products, etc.
Other systemic risks: increased trade friction between China and the United States, continued regional political instability, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for the protocol transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.