Congregation (300661.sz) Incidents issued three-quarter reports in 2024, which generated revenues of 2,445 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2024 and net profits of 249 million yuan, compared to +165.77%.
868 million yuan, corresponding to: +18.52 per cent, ring: +248 per cent, net profit from non-repatriation of 90 million yuan, Prince Road: +17.89 per cent, growth in R & D is mainly due to the increase in the number of items and expenditure on R & D by companies.
The total net interest rate of 3q24 was 12.01 per cent, compared to the following: new products are being developed and demand in the industry is gradually improving. The company recently introduced a number of new items, such as car regulations, ldos, etc.
Based on the latest performance of the Texas instrument, the exchange indicated that the Chinese market achieved 20% of 2q24-3q24 after seven consecutive quarters of decline.
The growth of the ring is mainly in the area of automobiles, and we believe that the company, as the leader of the simulation chip industry, has accumulated over the years, has a good pattern of consumption, industry, automobiles, and that with the steady rise in demand in the industry, the company is expected to be able to perform long-term repair opportunities in the future.
We believe that the company, as a leading manufacturer in the simulation chip industry, has experienced a cycle in which the quality of the product and the quantity of the material numbers have improved, and it is hoped that once the market demand has warmed, it will again gain a higher share. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.