Downstream market warming led to high performance growth, sustained innovation in a matrix of products, net profit from non-repatriation of $158 million, an increase of 223.43 per cent over the same period; single q2 showed that the company was able to earn a profit.
With a current revenue of 850 million yuan, an increase of 33.42% over the previous year, and a 16.23% increase in the ring; a strong advantage in achieving a net return profit; and an improved product matrix, with a higher performance in autonomous innovation support. Companies have a stronger ownership of research and development and innovation, and have continued to increase their investment in research and development over the last two decades, making core technology more accessible.
Innovative capabilities have been further strengthened by the accumulation of core technologies in both signal chain simulation chips and power management model chips, the introduction of a series of products that meet market demand and are characterized by “diversity, convergence, fragmentation” and the achievement of key technical indicators for selected products to meet international leadership water levels.
In areas such as industry and auto-electronics, companies have been active in coping with changes, deepening their cooperation with customers, developing new markets, new customers, further improving supply chain management and cost control, and fully benefiting from the warmth of the market.
Total stock/flow (billion shares) new projects are progressing well and expanding their market share. Companies always focus on autonomous product R & D. Stable R & D inputs and core teams ensure that their R & D projects are progressing well and continuing.
New products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights. Companies keep track of market developments, especially in new energy vehicles, photovoltaic storage, artificial intelligence, and intelligent manufacturing applications, and are active in the deployment and storage of relevant technologies, intellectual property rights, and products.
Control, 5g communications, material networking, smart households, wearing equipment, drones, smart manufacturing, etc. have achieved good sales performance, expanding the client base, and will continue to use the advantage of product performance and market responsiveness, proximity to customers, and accurate and timely business acquisition and further development.
The company, as the leading national model of the ic designer, has been following the path of autonomous research and development.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.