The closure of the main mine affected the company's performance q3 — three-quarterly review in 2025 — gold (600489.sh)
Billions of yuan, an increase of 17.23 per cent over the same period; net profits of 3,679 million yuan for shareholders belonging to parent companies, an increase over the same period, affected the company ' s performance as a result of the closure of Mongolian mining in the company ' s main copper molybdenum mine in July, which led to a decline in the company ' s production of copper and molten minerals during the reporting period.
13.75 tons of mineral gold, 27.87 tons of smelting gold, 50,000 tons of mining copper, 3043 million tons of electrolytic copper, 8.55 tons of smelting gold, 11.9 million tons of mining copper, and 100.04 million tons of electrolytic copper, respectively, with the same change + 11.88 per cent; the infusion of major shareholder assets, the construction of new mines, the progress of the company ' s gold growth and growth rate
During the reporting period, the company continued to promote the acquisition of 49.34% of the shares of the Chinese gold group holding the shares, 80% of the shares of the Great Plutonite mine in Hebei, 70% of the share of Liaoning Tianli and 70% of the share of the Liao Ning Kim gold mine. If the acquisitions are completed, the company will increase the production of nearly two tons of mineral gold.
In addition, during the reporting period, the company focused on promoting the construction of the Saaring gold mine in Lai County, the annual production of which is 10 tons of mineral gold, which is expected to be completed by 2026, which will significantly increase the company’s mineral production. The infusion of high-quality mineral resources by the company’s major shareholders and the commissioning of the company’s Saaring gold mine will significantly increase the company’s growth.
Investment proposal: The company’s mining industry resumed production on 10 September and is fast reaching production, and the company’s production and profitability of 2025q4 mineral products is expected to recover. Gold and copper prices continue to rise, and the company is expected to recover.
1. [Galactic colour] Company rating: gold in the middle: higher metal prices, performance driven by the increase in mineral gold, and the risk of a significant decline in copper refining fees; 4) company mineral gold, mineral copper production, less than expected
2. [Galactic colour] The company assessed the gold in gold: higher gold prices supported the risks; 5) the company ' s new construction projects were not as fast as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.