Inner Mongolia's mining shutdown has delayed performance, and the Saaring gold mine is awaiting release on October 31, 2025 \triangleright
Billion dollars, 7.97 per cent increase in the same year, 6.43 per cent decline in the ring, $984 million net profit to the mother, year-on-year increase.
Annual report, the company's mineral gold stock now stands at 3.3 tons; copper plate, company's mineral copper production/sales in the last three quarters.
Ten thousand tons. Gold: gold averaged $3203 per ounce in the previous three quarters, an increase of 39.6 per cent in the same year; q3 gold, an increase of 784,000 yuan/ton in the same year, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year, q3 copper, an increase of 798,000 yuan/ton in the same year.
Quarterly evaluation in 025: Price upscaling performance, looking forward to group high-quality asset infusion, contributing to productivity growth: supporting corporate ownership and resolving competition issues among peers, \triangleright
3. In May of this year, the Gold Group, a controlling shareholder, planned to place assets such as Inner Monkinta on the public market, increasing the company ' s mineral gold equity by about 1.09 tons of profits based on a conversion injection over a period of 2024.
Priority projects are continuing and the Saaring gold mine is ready for production. The company's priority project is well under way, with Central Gold (600489.sh) reporting for the second half of 2024. The Mining Company's deep resource extraction project has completed its first phase of work and is in production.
With an average grade of 2.67 g/t, one of the 10 gold mines in the country, construction work is proceeding in an orderly fashion, and the company’s mineral gold production is expected to increase significantly in the future.
Investment proposals: The company is pushing ahead with the Resource Lifeline strategy, and the Saaring gold mine is expected to increase significantly after delivery.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.