The price of coal has risen, and the performance reported by China has increased significantly.
* Coal prices have risen rapidly, with a significant increase in reported performance. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. The company issued a "buy-in" performance forecast, expected to realize a net return profit of $26 billion in the first half of 2021, with an increase in the margin and a ring ratio of +21%.
In view of the price of coal in the second half of the year, or the continued strong operation of the coal industry, and the release of good company performance, we have raised the profit forecast, and are expected to achieve a full increase in the value of the net return on coal in 2021-2023, with a continuous increase in the price of the q2 long-term agreement.
The q2 production ring is active, with a smaller drop in production than it was on the eve of the seventy-first anniversary or the impact of a cutback in production. The overall non-coal business is good, with a significant increase in “electrification” The electricity business: electricity is sold at a much higher price or has been held up. 2021h1 rounds/sales at 77/72 billion
7.2/6.5 per cent. According to the announcement, the profits from electricity generation have declined as a result of the rise in the price of coal. Transport operations: Shipping by Road Ports, Companies ' Quarterly Report of Assessment - Quarterly Coal Prices = tons, 7.2 per cent more than year-on-year, International Oil Prices, short-term supply of polyolefins in the country and rising prices.
● The power coal continues to be high, looking at the year-round performance release q2, the coal market continues to be high, the annual annual price agreement (648 yuan/tonne) has reached an all-time high in July, and the company's annual report is being evaluated in July.
In view of the limited incremental release of production and imports, supply is expected to be robust in the second half of the year, with a high percentage of the value highlighted - a more stringent operation that supports coal prices. At the same time, the policy is to increase the supply of coal production for dragon-headed coal companies.
Consider the performance of companies throughout the year, supported by volume prices. Based on robust expectations for increased performance, companies are expected to make a prognosis of corporate performance - a decline in performance on a year-on-year basis, and the long-term investment value of the pioneer coal companies is further highlighted by the high dividends of continued stability.
The long-term investment value of coal taps is still prominent - Figure 1: Annual annual price rises in COCA in the second quarter of 2021 (in yuan/tons)