The Association's prices have risen and the profit scale has risen to the top, and the event is the year 2021 semi-annual report issued by China's God China, during which the company realized its operating income.
25.562 billion yuan, an increase of 25.6 per cent in the same year; elimination of the influence of the S.H. Finance Corporation, resulting from its operations \triangleright \triangleright
(yoy+4.7%) with sales volume of 241 million tonnes (yoy+17.3%), achieving a combined sale of coal at a price of 499 yuan/tonne, an increase of 25.4% in the same year, the volume of coal sold, the double price of which led to coal plates, operating income (12.396 billion yuan) increased by 46.5% in the same year.
Cost of $135.9 per ton (yoy+8.0 per cent), with increases in employee salaries and social security contributions resulting in a 13.0 per cent increase in labour costs; 9.9 per cent increase in repair costs as a result of the delayed construction of some of the repairs during the same period in the previous year; increase in other costs as compared to the same increase in the unserviceable costs of safety and security.
14.9 per cent. In addition, the combined share of the sale of coal and the increase in the purchase price factor, the business cost of the coal plate increased by 52.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a slight decrease in the Māori rate (24.1 per cent) and the maintenance of the higher price of powered coal, which is expected to yield more than expected.
Power plate: The cost of coal from fire and electricity rises and drags the performance of the plate. In the reporting period, China’s God China achieved 7,708 billion kWh in electricity generation and 7,208 million kWh in electricity sales, a slight decrease from the average price of 333 kWh/mw for power sales in the same period last year (337 kWh/mw).
During the same period, business costs were affected by the increase in the cost of coal combustion, which increased by 37.8 per cent over the same period, resulting in a high cost of electricity, which will continue to drag the profitability of the plates.
Transport and Coal Industries: Significant growth in business volume and higher than expected performance. During the reporting period, there was a marked increase in transport and coalization block operations, influenced by, inter alia, the increase in sales of coal, of which 15 billion tons (oy+12.5 per cent) of rail transport turnover and sales of water and coal in ports were recorded.
132.2 million tons (yoy+14.8 per cent) and 59.3 million tons (yoy+15.6 per cent) of shipping cargoes, respectively, with railways, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals achieving operating income of 199.84, 32.97 and Sinda Securities Inc.
In August, the price was $663, the highest in the year, and it was five years high.
During the same period, the annual price of the Association increased by 54 yuan (yoy+18.3%) for the same year, and the added value of the performance (tax-back-to-mother profits) measured on the basis of the 40% annual share of the Association was 2 billion yuan to participate in the establishment of the National Energy Low Carbon Fund and the opening of a green low-carbon business area.
The partners contribute $2 billion (33.33 per cent of the funding) from their own funds to the establishment of the National Energy and Low Carbon Fund (6.01 billion yuan) in partnership with the four major players, namely: (1) Green Low Carbon Projects.
Equity investment and mergers and acquisitions (the proportion of this type of investment is no less than 80 per cent of the size of the Fund ' s investment); (2) strategic investments in the national energy consortium ' s main industry and related enterprises up and down the chain; (3) transformation and industrialization of the national energy consortium ' s priority research projects; and (4) participation in the national energy consortium ' s internal and external enterprises
By the end of the reporting period, China’s Sino-Chinese account stood at $161,259 million, which would make it possible to use the available funds effectively, improve the efficiency of the use of the funds and open up green low-carbon business areas.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Coal prices have risen significantly and will run high, and our franchise of China’s gods has given high certainty and stability to business performance.
The growth of integrated sections can release sufficient upward elasticity and maintain “buy-in” risk factors: coal minerals can release limits, carbon peaks and carbon-neutral and policy uncertainties, capital \triangleright
Spending and cash-sharing risks, and the price of coal have fallen sharply. King Ming, Ph.D. from China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, and member of the expert bank of the China Sinda Energy Advisory Corporation, formerly Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal
For more than a decade now, it has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Plan, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory projects, and in June 2016, it has been working on the coal sector.
CDC, which conducts research in the coal industry; Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business Administration, People ' s University of China, May 2017, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.