Cost controls are beginning to work, and copper will rise at a very high price on 23 April 2024.      2024                  74.777 billion for 2024q1, and                      74.777 billion
By 0.2 per cent, by 9.3 per cent, and by 6261 million yuan, by 15.1 per cent, by 15.1 per cent, and by the same amount, by 820 million yuan, by comparison, by the same year, by the net return on the return on the return on the investment, mainly thanks to 780 million yuan (with a rise in the volume of copper) and 260 million yuan (by the same year) in the gross return on the investment.
The price: mineral gold/mine mineral zinc unit sales costs increased by +11.5 per cent/+3.6 per cent/-3.7 per cent, respectively, with the increase in mineral gold costs mainly associated with changes in product structure, with the relative high cost of gold sorghum rising from 45 per cent last year to 59 per cent.
The increase in the cost of mineral copper is also associated with an increase in the share of electrolytic copper, as the cost of gold concentrate alone fell by 5.6 per cent, with the production of the Bor smelter in mid-2023, resulting in the sale of 24q1 electrolytic copper at 29,000 tons (the same period in 23 years was Qiuzu).
0) The cost of electrolytic copper is higher, the overall cost is higher, and the cost of copper concentrate/electric copper falls by 7.9% and 8.4% on a year-on-year basis.
840 million won, Māori ring increased by 140 million yuan, and asset/credit impairment loss by 590 million yuan. 1 Fees and taxes: the cost and tax ratio were reduced by a reduction in the cost/financial cost ring ratio, mainly due to the impact of Shanxi Ziqin on the safety and environmental events in Shanxi Province; at the cost end of the cost, the mineral gold silhouette was reduced by a reduction in the cost/tax ratio.
2. Synchronous push/goldite sales cost reduction of 6 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, mineral copper concentrate/electric copper/electric copper sales Staff equity & equity incentives to demonstrate development confidence - 2023
The sale cost changes - 13 per cent/+22 per cent/-19 per cent respectively, the increase in the cost of copper in electricity or a 12 per cent reduction in the cost of selling mineral zinc, mainly as a result of the continued increase in the cost of Congolese fruit electricity.
The core point is that the three main copper mining clusters continue to bloom, and the lithium molybdenum strategic metal plates build new growth curves. The flower ring rises, looking forward to the continued growth of copper gold and lithium by 2023 copper plates, timok+bor, Camoa, Dragons, and the three world-class copper mining clusters by 2024-2026.
It will continue to contribute to this increase; gold plates, multi-projected convergences, and marine gold mines, rosebel, and Savayalton constitute a new-generation increase in gold production. Strategic metal plates, with a high-quality lithium resource for the two lakes, expect resource advantages to translate into yield advantages.
5. Developmental report on the mining of purple gold (601899.sh): the development of the highland mine \triangleright mountain is maturing with a coded Tibetan copper resource - 2023/08/2
\triangleright 1 event: company ' s 2024 quarterly report 0.2 per cent, ring increase 9.3 per cent; mother ' s net profit of $6,261 million, increase 15.1 per cent and ring increase of 26.4 per cent;
470,000 tons, 25,000 tons of lithium equivalent carbonate, 420 tons of mineral silver and 0.9 million tons of mineral molybdenum. 2 gold copper products have risen in volume, with steady growth in performance of hundreds of millions of yuan.
Two hundred and sixty million yuan (a 37 per cent increase over the same year) and a 52 per cent increase over the same year.
In total, 12,697 million yuan has been achieved in mineral products and smelting ends, representing an increase of 1.797 billion yuan in ring value, of which 1,036 million yuan has been added to mining copper, contributing 71 per cent to the increase in Maori value, and 420 per cent, 47 per cent, 4 per cent, and 41 per cent, respectively, in mineral gold, iron ore, mineral silver, and copper smelting.
664 million yuan and 636 million yuan in copper production, contributing 85 per cent and 82 per cent of the increase in Māori, respectively, and an increase in minerals, with increases in sales, increases in unit prices and lower costs resulting in increases in Māori of approximately 77 million yuan, combined Māori rates, combined Māori rates for mining enterprises of the same magnitude as + 1.08 pt, +0.97 pt, ring ratio - 1.34 pt, respectively
+8.94 pct to 16.61 per cent and 54.5 per cent, and the overall Māori rate for mining enterprises has risen in the same year, owing to: (a) an increase in the Māori rate resulting from the increase in the unit price of mineral gold and mineral silver over the increase in the unit cost; (b) an increase in the Māori rate resulting from the increase in the unit price of two iron concentrates; and (c) an increase in the ring ratio due mainly to the increase in the Māori rate resulting from the decrease in the cost of 1 mine gold, mineral copper and iron concentrate.
The increase in the Māori rate as a result of the simultaneous decrease in unit prices, the increase in the Māori rate as a result of the increase in the unit cost of the mineral silver unit, and the decrease in the Māori rate as a result of the decrease in the cost of the zinc unit price of the mineral, is less than the increase in the Māori rate as a result of the decrease in the cost.
Figure 8: Changes in gross profits and gross margins of companies The ring comparison shows better performance in mineral gold and copper in terms of detailed products. 2024q1 mineral products and smelting ends Māori rings increased by $1.797 billion, of which minerals and smelting ends
Millions of yuan, while zinc smelting (-$23 million) is the main drag. Other non-main products (including trade logistics, smelting and processing silver, gold products, copper tubes/copper belts, molybdenum \checkmark)
Fine ore, gold products, trade in precious metals, services, etc., with internal offsets, through combined Māori values vs. 2023q4 ff. 2024q1, Māori at the smelting end as compared to copper ring ratio: Māori at the smelting end as compared to the core from production, sales and ring increase in profit space at the smelting end:
`The sales ratio of 2024q1 copper smelting has increased significantly, and the cost has increased by less than price.
The decline in the unit price and unit cost ratio of 2024q1 was lower than the sales price of the unit, while the decline in the sales of zinc was accompanied by a decline in the sales of the ring ratio, which eventually led to a decline in the product ' s Māori ratio. The rise in the share of mineral gold and copper in the mines stemmed from the profit margin created by the decline in the cost of the unit price rise.
Increases were greater than the decline in sales; increases in the Māori ratio of mineral silver were due to the Māori effect of the decline in Māori pull over sales due to higher unit prices than higher costs; increases in the Māori ratio of mineral zinc were due to the Māori effect of the decline in Māori pull over sales due to lower unit prices than lower costs; and iron giraffes.
The increase in the share of Māori in mines is due to the combined effects of increased profit space and increased production and sales due to lower unit cost increases.
Price end: 2024q1, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio + 8.88%, cost end: 2024q1, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ore ring ratio - 7.20%, Maori increase, other non-primary products, $179 million less.
The increase in the same-year ratio was mainly due to a decrease in mineral gold (+664 million), mineral silver (+23 million), mineral copper (+6.36 million) and iron ore (-$89 million). The main increase in the same-year ratio in core mineral gold benefited from a more profitable product than the increase in unit prices (unit prices + 18.23 per cent, cost + 11.46 per cent).
This increase resulted in an increase of 21.49 per cent over the same year; mineral copper benefited mainly from a limited decline in the profit margin (the unit price of both the unit Maori ring ratio increased and the unit of zinc smelting (17.79 per cent) fell; mineral gold, mineral copper and iron concentrate benefited from an increase in profits due to a decrease in the cost of the single price increase; mineral silver and smelting copper benefited.
Increases in profit margins resulting from increases in unit prices greater than increases in costs; mineral zinc benefits from increases in profit margins resulting from a decrease in unit prices smaller than those resulting from a decline in GDP; 2024q1 on par: mineral gold (+25.45 per cent), mineral gold and silver; mineral gold, mineral silver and iron concentrate all benefit from increases resulting from lower unit costs; and unit prices increase.
Smaller than the increase in cost is the reason for the decline in the same ratio of mineral copper and smelting copper units, and the decline in mineral zinc and smelting zinc is due to a reduction in unit prices greater than the cost reduction.
This represents a decrease of $691 million in all costs. In terms of cost rates, the increase in the cost of sales, management costs, and the non-recurring profit ring ratio of 5q1 is mainly due to the non-recurring profit of 2024q1 (other gains + net returns on investments + net gains on fair value changes)
Detailedly, the non-recurring gain/loss item link reduction of 2024q1 is mainly reflected in the following: the impairment of receivables tested separately for impairment is prepared to return (-$12 million), other than the above-mentioned items, government subsidies to account for current gains/losses (+$51 million) and non-financial enterprises charged for current gains/losses
Funds occupancy fees (+1.164 billion yuan) are not included as non-recurrent gains or losses by the company since 2023 for loans made to the joint venture for its day-to-day operations, and 24q1 is provided to the joint venture.
The amount of the capital occupancy fee charged on its day-to-day operations amounts to $497 million, gains/losses on fair value changes and investment gains (+J65 million), other gains/losses (+101 million) that meet the definition of non-recurring gains/losses, and the equity impact of minority shareholders (+30 million) in addition to the effective hedging operations associated with the company's normal operations
The net cash flow from the operation of 2024q1 companies is $8,172 million, an increase of $343 million in the same year. The price of copper is now expected to remain high, with the launch of the Camoa series, the dragon mine, and so on.
The company ' s copper gold production will increase further, and the company ' s operating cash flow is expected to improve continuously. The net cash inflows generated by the fund-raising activities of 2024q1 amount to 2,403 million yuan, compared with the projected cash payments of approximately $4.3 billion in 2024 in the same period of the previous year. Based on the company ' s cash flow, we believe that the public is expected to pay the debt of approximately $4.3 billion in the same period.
17x, 14x, and 13x, maintaining the `recommended' rating. Figure 23: Predicted copper production from violet mining 1) projects are not progressing as expected.
The amount of human and material resources that could be affected by an unexpected event could result in the project not progressing as expected, when the release pace of production will slow down, with an impact on profitability. 2) Prices such as copper gold fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, copper, gold, zinc, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as silver, iron ore have a clear impact on corporate profitability, which can be significantly affected by a decline in metal prices when macroeconomics, or when supplies are released in large quantities. 3) Geopolitical risks abroad. Corporate investment projects are spread across countries across the globe.
Targeting mining companies, or raising taxes on mining companies, enacting laws against mining companies abroad, etc., could harm companies and have an impact on their profitability. 4) Exchange rate risk, etc. The company ' s mines are global and involve more foreign currency, although exchange rate hedging is used to circumvent them.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.