Leprosy (601899.sh) is a windship with a vision of a high-quality resource build-up.
Purple gold mining is one of the leading multinational mining groups and China ' s non-ferrous metals industry, mainly globally engaged in exploration and exploitation of mineral resources such as gold, copper, zinc, lithium, and extended to the smelting and trading industries, with a relatively complete industrial chain. The company now has investments in 15 countries and 17 provinces and cities around the world.
Capital projects, one of the largest producers of metals and minerals in the country, with copper, gold, and zinc (lead) production taking the lead domestically. As copper and gold projects continue to be released, and lithium resources are actively deployed, and we appreciate the company’s subsequent performance growth, net return profits are projected for 2024-2026, respectively.
In 2023, the company achieved the acquisition and release of a number of world-class mining projects, in which the copper business plate included the Ka Moa-Cacura copper mine, the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the timok copper gold mine, etc., continued to climb, while the Vuritica gold mine continued to grow.
Projects such as gold mining, mountain-west purple gold, gold mining, etc., have contributed to the growth of the gold business sector, with companies growing their mineral and copper production by 11.13% on a year-on-year basis and 20.17% on a year-on-year basis. We believe that the company will benefit from the continued release of the three-phase, two-phase, gold and bronze projects in the copper sector.
Projects such as the restoration of the Grave Gold Mine, the rosebel Gold Mine, and the new energy sector in 2024-2026, with the mineral copper, mineral gold plate containing a new energy field, form the lithium layout of the "two lakes", since 2021, the company has continued to distribute high-quality lithium deposits in salt lakes of 3q, lagoon salt lakes of Lago and silicon hard rock mines.
Source, the resource reserves exceed 10 million tonnes of lithium carbonate equivalent and are invited to lead the exploration and exploitation of the green land in the north-east of the Manono lithium mine. At present, one phase of the hard rock lithium mine has reached production and is advancing the second phase of the project, while the 3q Salt Lake and Lago Missal Lake project are also proceeding in an orderly manner and is expected to generate 12-15 million tonnes of capacity in 2025.
In the context of rapid developments in the energy sector, companies are expected to create a new dynamic of performance growth in the configuration of lithium projects. Industry leaders are well positioned to deploy resources globally, 1.1, based on copper gold mining operations, and provide high-quality global assets.
In 1993, the company was transformed into the Shanghai County Ugly Gold General Mining Company and launched the development of the Ugly Gold Mine. In 2003, the Hong Kong joint venture was successfully listed with a stock code of 2899.hk. In 2008, the company was listed on the Shanghai Exchange.
Various world-class copper mining projects, including the Camoa-Cacura copper mine, the Timok copper mine, and the Tibetan dragon copper mine, were acquired respectively. After 2021, the company actively deployed new energy metals in the area of lithium deposits (70 per cent of rights) in the Tibetan lagoon, the Argentine Lithium Salt Lake 3q (100 per cent of rights), and took control of the net environmental protection of dragons (600388.sh), and participation in the stock market.
Gold mining (1818.hk) to increase diversification of operations and resources. Companies are targeting global asset allocation and continuously acquiring high-quality global mines and resources. In 2022-2023, companies continued to consolidate the resource advantages of copper and gold plates, successively acquiring the rosebel gold mine in Suriname (95% interest), and Mongolia-Ha.
In the same time, companies actively embraced the opportunities of an era of energy structural upgrading and accelerated the deployment of mineral-related sources in new energy industries, such as lithium, which now form the “two lakes” of lithium mines (including the Congo's manono lithium mine).
By the end of 2023, the company had significant mining investment projects in 17 provinces and 15 countries outside China, with the company ' s core product resources and production at the top of the world. The company is one of the world ' s largest non-ferrous metals mining giants.
By the end of 2023, the company produced 1,007 tons of mineral copper, the fifth in the world, 67.7 tons of mineral gold, the seventh in the world, and 467,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), the fourth in the world. The West Hing Hang State Asset Investment Company Ltd. was a shareholder in the company and held 23.11% of the company’s shares.
Of these, the top five shareholders together hold 54.76% of the company’s shares, compared to the experience of the company’s management team, and the founder and chairman of the board, Mr. Chen Xinghe, are specialists in the exploration and development of mineral resources in the country.
The founder and chairman of the company, Chen Ching Ha, is the discoverer and leader of the gold mine in Fujian and expert in mineral resource development in the country, creating “Orestream Five, Departmental Principal Award, First Class Award 18, and Patents 27”.
In terms of operating income, the company’s operating income in 2014-2023 was $12,417 million, an increase of 6.69 per cent over the previous quarter.
The overall approach to efficiency gains has effectively contained the rise in the cost of major minerals, the accumulation of copper, the price of gold, and the increase in the gross profit of the company as a whole. With projects such as the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the rosebel gold mine, and so on, the gross profit rate of the company has increased by 0.07 pct on the same scale.
The mother ' s net profit rate decreased slightly by 0.22 pct over the same year. 2024q1, the company ' s gross profit rate and the parent ' s net profit rate increased by 1.08 pct/1.05 pct over the same year, and the financial/management/research and development (R & D) cost rate remained almost equal, except for 0.02 pc.
Capital spending continues to grow, and cash flows remain strong. In terms of capital spending, companies have continued to promote the acquisition and development of high-quality mining projects both within and outside the country in recent years, while capital expenditure has continued to grow at a high rate, but in terms of liquidity, corporate capital expenditures remain within reasonable limits, assuming that net cash flows from future periods of operations will remain at the same level as in 2023.
A larger proportion of the loan principal and interest is covered. From cash flows, the company’s business activity and the production of the lithium mine project in 2023 are expected to benefit from increased sales of products. 1.4. Merger options + autonomous exploration techniques form a comparative advantage that underpins the company’s long-term development.
The company ' s M&A team has excellent timing skills to improve the value for money of M&A resources. From the point of acquisition, companies are often able to buy assets quickly at lower prices, such as the Congo Kolwezi copper mining project in November 2014 and the Kamoa-Cacura copper mining project in May 2015.
The sources are mainly at exploration or construction stages, where M & As costs are relatively low, combined with the company’s excellent surveying and mining techniques, often yielding low-cost and high returns.
Data on the price of lme for 180 days indicate that after 2015 companies accelerated the acquisition of copper resources and that the price fractions in several copper mining projects were lower than the lower quarter, with 22 per cent and 16 per cent corresponding to major company projects such as the Tibetan dragon copper industry and Bor copper mining, respectively.
The company has a clear comparative advantage in autonomous geological exploration. The company, focusing on existing mines, has access to more than 50% of gold, copper resources, and more than 90% of zinc (lead) resources through autonomous exploration.
The mine survey project matches the layout of the existing priority projects by setting up a survey platform in the interior of the country for the General Institute of Surveys, medium-coloured purple gold, south-west of the country, and outside Europe for medium-coloured purple gold (Balkan), gold mountain mining in Africa (Tanzania) and Australia at the end of the year, the company acquired cumulative copper/gold/zinc (lead) resources of 37.4 million tonnes/150.9 million tonnes/1969 million through autonomous exploration.
Figure 13: Companies ' exploration for copper resources accounted for 92 per cent of China ' s reserves in 2023. Figure 14: Companies ' autonomous exploration costs are well below industry averages. (Note: measured on the basis of the company ' s volume of new copper and gold resources for the year)
By the end of 2023, the company had achieved significant results in its own exploration of several projects, including the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the Tibetan dragon copper mine, and the Serbian timok copper gold mine, which, at the time of the acquisition, had been 1850/840/375,000 tons of new copper resources.
(b) The exchange of one ton of resources for the company ' s core projects, the co-financing of the dragon copper mine, the Camoa-Cacura copper mine, decreased by 43.59 per cent and 34.96 per cent, respectively. 60 per cent of the equity, 100 per cent of the mineral interest in the timok copper mine, and 46 per cent of the mine interest under the timok copper mine)
2. Copper: The copper business is growing from within, with strong growth in the future 2.1, the release of several world-class copper mining projects and the increase in the profitability of the copper business The company accelerated the acquisition and autonomous exploration of copper mining resources after 2015, and the size of the copper business and the level of profitability continued
The company ' s copper business income amounted to 26.10 per cent, and its gross profits amounted to 36.36 per cent. With the arrival of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the expansion of the dragon copper mine project and the production of new mergers and acquisitions such as the Juno copper mine, the build-up of copper prices, the size of the company ' s copper business collection and profits is expected to expand further.
The amount of copper equity resources is 74.56 million tons, an increase of 1.14 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the amount of resources of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine represents 25.75 per cent of the total corporate equity resources, the proportion of the Serbian mine of timok copper gold mine is 26.41 per cent, the proportion of the giant copper mine is 12.95 per cent, and the share of the three world-class mine deposits is 65.11 per cent.
The major increase in the production capacity of the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the Serbian timok copper gold mine, the Congolese Kamoa-Kacura copper mine and the Yulong copper mine (20 per cent of the company ' s interest) is due to the annual production of the mineral copper three-phase copper mining project, the dragon copper mining two project, the release of the timok copper mining project, and the company ' s new output.
Mergers and acquisitions of the Hamagote copper gold mine and the Juno copper mine are expected to be operational, and the company ' s mineral copper production is expected to continue. 2.2. Development of core mines continues, with copper operations growing up within 2.2.1, Camoa-Cacura copper mine: world-class ultra-high-grade large copper mine, with over 19 million tons of long-term selections.
The Kamoa-Cacura copper mine is a world-class super-high-grade copper mine. The Kamoa-Cacura copper mine is located in the province of Lualaba in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, near the town of Kolwezi, which has been rated by Woodmackneze as the world’s largest high-quality copper mine.
Cura (in production), Cansoko (to be developed), Kakurasi (planned) and Camoabei (planned), the company is the actual controller of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine and is being developed with the Canadian mining company Eiffonau.
Since the company is the second largest shareholder in the Eiffenhow mine (about 13.6%), the company actually owns about 45.0% of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine and is actually in charge of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine.
In the first decade of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the average production of copper metal is estimated at 620,000 tons, with 16.27 million tons of copper metal produced throughout the life cycle. According to research progress revealed in 2023 by the Eiffonhow mining, the ore disposal of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine is currently estimated at 91,06 million tons, with the annual average ore disposal in 2025-2029 increasing to 1,4194,000 tons.
14.28 million tons, corresponding to an average ore grade and recovery rate of 4.94 per cent and 87.02 per cent, respectively. Three-phase plant projects will be put into production early and the project copper capacity will rise to 600,000 tons/year.
The operator, Eiffonhow, announced that the three phases of the Kamoa-Cacura project were over-expected, with the volume of ore disposal reaching 14.2 million tonnes/year, and that copper households would rise to 600,000 tonnes/year or more, making them the fourth largest copper mine in the world. Meanwhile, the company expects further increases in mining production in the context of the third phase of the expansion programme and the fourth phase of the project.
2.2.2 Tibet Dragon Copper Mine: World-class ultra-large tiles copper mine, with an expected future production of more than 600,000 tons, acquires the giant dragon copper industry and integrates it into the world-class mine dragon copper mine.
In 2020, the company spent $3,883 million on the purchase of 50.1% of the rights and interests of the giant bronze industry. The Great Dragon Copper Project was well equipped and well developed.
The mines are located about 20 kilometres south-west of the town of Takecau, from less than 100 kilometres by road to the city of Lassa, to 94 kilometres of the Lhasa railway station freight site and to approximately 123 kilometres of Lassagunga airport, where transport is facilitated. From hydropower, the high voltage transmission line has reached the mining area, providing electricity security for the development of the mines.
All the farmers and herders have been relocated to the relocation housing and accompanying facilities built by the Mamma commune government, which are subsidized on an annual basis, in accordance with the agreement signed between the Ministry and the county government, without affecting the operation of the mines. The copper and metal reserves of the giant dragon ore are expected to exceed 10 million tons, and there are large reserves of low-grade copper ore resources.
The removal of dragon copper polymetal ore and the rhinoma polymetal ore are in the same orthopaedic ore deposits, so a merger of mine rights has been introduced and the mine has been renamed a giant ore. The giant copper ore is located in the Troteus-Himalayan ore belt of one of the world's main brackish ore areas, which is a world-class super-lower.
According to the company's exploration data, there are about 2,265 million tons of copper ore, of which 10,400.85 million tons of copper ore and 72,490 tons of molybdenum ore. At the same time, there is a significant amount of low-grade copper ore resources in the mine, which, based on 0.15 per cent of the border grade, will total more than 20 million tons.
(i) Phase I of the project: a 100,000 ton/day selection project was completed at the end of December 2021, was extended to 150,000 to 150,000 tons/day at the end of 2022, a 150,000 to 150,000 to 150,000 tons/day for 2023 ores, and a 15-16 million ton/year for copper production (including the amount of copper-free minerals); and (2)
Project II: Phase II was approved in February 2024, with an increase in ore disposal to 200,000 tonnes/to 350,000 tonnes/day, with production expected to be completed by the end of 2025, with copper metal production expected to reach 350,000 tonnes/year (including copper mine volume): (3) Project III: Three phases are planned to be completed by 2030, ore disposal to reach 650,000 tonnes/day, copper production
According to the 2012 verification data, approximately 31.37 million tons of copper ore were kept in the mine, of which 46.3 million tons of copper were stored. According to the company ' s plan, the mine will be used.
Tons/day, copper metal production is about 22,000 tonnes/year, and in 9-15 years it will be converted to ground mining, with a selection size of 3,000 tonnes/day. 2.2.3, Hamagote gold mine: world class copper gold mine, bordering the Chinese border. Hamagote copper gold mine is world class copper gold mine.
In 2022, the company acquired 19.4 per cent of the share in the Cylon mine through a three-phase agreement and 50 per cent of the share of the Cylon mine subsidiary, khuiten metalspte.ltd, which, as the first major shareholder of the project, will take the lead in the development and operation of the project.
From the point of view of electricity, the project is close to the border between China and China, with adequate infrastructure. The project is close to the existing power lines in Mongolia towards the districts of Guttsi and Manley, and the Tsogtsetsii coal mine, located 70 kilometres from project, is planning to build an electric power plant, which will meet the needs of mining production.
The project is now in a state of pre-research and is expected to start construction after 2024. According to the annual report of Cerebral Mining 2021, the amount of ore from the Hamagote copper mining project is about 1.1 billion tons, containing approximately 2.93 million tons of copper metal and 7.8 million ounces of copper.
According to the preliminary economic assessment report, completed in June 2022, the project plans to produce copper concentrates using conventional open-air plus underground mining and floating processes, with a net present value of $630 million, a return-to-investment rate of 20 per cent and a four-year return on investment. The company started a full prefeasibility study of the project in early 2023.
The final investment programme is expected to be delivered within 18 months, along with reports of deposits of minerals that meet the international jorc guidelines or ni43-101 requirements, and will be decided in 2024. 2.2.4, Tibetan copper mine: the scarcely developed ultra-large copper mine in the country is expected to produce nearly 100,000 tons per year.
In August 2023, the company was involved in the middle-sink business through its subsidiaries, the Purple Industries and the Zilong Mines.
The company is located on the highlands of Juno, but has basic infrastructure such as water, electricity, transport, etc. The company is located in the Zhekaland region, about 170 km north east of the county of Anjin, with an improvised road connection, and the railway between the city of Jakazi and the city of Lassa.
Access and relative ease of transport; the water system in the mining area is more developed and water resources can be used to satisfy the production and livelihood of the mine, while the territories of Laze and Aungren, which are closer to the mine than the electricity grid between Ali and Tibetan, can provide a source of electricity for the development of the mine: there are few permanent residents in the mine area and there are no prohibited and restricted development areas, and there are small barriers to development.
Juno copper is a large rock-type deposit, and its resources are excellent. Juno copper is located in one of the world's three major rock-forming zones of Titus-Himalaya, which is a large rock-type deposit. The upper part of the mine is industrial, higher graded, low-grade mines spread around the industrial body and is concentrated in the lower part.
At the same time, the mine, which is thick and shallow, is largely buried in hillside pits and suitable for large-scale open-air mining, according to data from the Natural Resources Department of the Tibet Autonomous Region. As of May 2023, the Juno copper mine (control + extrapolation)
The total amount of resources is 3,5363.27 million tons of copper ore, 2.203 million tons of copper ore, with an average grade of 0.62 per cent, and includes 25.9 million tons of molybdenum and 0.11 million tons of gold metal associated with it. The company has experience in operating high-altitude mines and is expected to produce nearly 100,000 tons of copper when the project lands.
The mining project, which is located at 4460-5850 m above sea level and is part of a high-altitude mountain, has been successfully launched and operated by the company, with the capacity to develop high-altitude areas (3900-5560 m above sea level) and which, according to the company's plan, will use open-air mining.
Designed for a size of 24 million tonnes/year, 20 years of open-air mining service, resulting in 99,000 tonnes/year of copper produced in the post-partum period.3 Gold: M & A and technological change driven by a steady increase in the scale of operations 3.1. Mining operations contribute to a high level of revenue and short-term increases are still significant
In 2023, the company ' s gross profits on the gold plate together amounted to 21.19 per cent. In 2023, the company completed the merger and purchased the Rosebel gold mine and realized the same year.
The company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase in gold-plate operations as a result of a number of re-engineering projects, such as West Purple, where the share of gold in the timok copper mine is 14.79%, the share of gold in the Norton gold field and the maritime area is 11.87% and 8.25%, respectively, and so far in 2022, the company’s new mergers of gold in the sea, the Hamagote gold mine, etc.
The annual mineral gold production was 7.79 per cent, while the smelting gold production totalled 249.52 tons, a small decrease of 3.49 per cent over the same period. Of these, the rosebel gold mine, mountain-west purple gold and Norton gold fields contributed the main increase, with mineral gold production increasing by 7.57, 1.81, 1.16 tons, respectively, followed by technological improvements in mines such as the Rosebel gold mine and the south-south purple gold mine.
The company’s mineral gold production is expected to grow even further, with many ongoing construction and technology improvement projects in progress, and the increase in mineral gold is expected to be sustainable. With the completion of the rosebel gold mine and the landing of the Sansai purple gold conversion project, the company’s gold-plate operations continue to be released, with the company’s mineral gold production projected for 2024-2026.
The project has been completed and brought into production, with an increase in the production of timok copper and minerals, and there is still room to increase the company ' s production of mineral gold. 3.2. Mergers and acquisitions of several high-quality gold mining projects, with significant increases in the size and reserves of gold plates, 3.2.1. Surinamesebel gold mines: one of the largest gold-producing mines in South America, with a technological change that will produce more than 10 tons of gold
The Rosebel gold mine is one of the largest active gold mines in South America. The Rosebel gold mining project is located in the South Brokopondo region of Suri, South America, where the Rosebel mine began production in 2004, the Saramacca mine became operational in the second half of 2020, and the Rosebel gold mine co-producing about 176 tons in 2004-2021.
In October 2022, the company signed an agreement with img to acquire shares in the gold mining project in rosebel in October 2022, with $360 million being spent on Canadian companies through a fully-owned subsidiary, silversourcegroup Limited.
Acquisition of 95 per cent of the shares of the company rosebelgoldminesn.v. and control of the mines of rosebel and Saramacca. Figure 36: Control of the project by the company through fully-owned subsidiaries in 2022.
The ore resources, including 12 deposits and low-grade piles, amount to 196 million tons, including 217.45 tons of gold (100 per cent equity), with an average grade of 1.11 g/t; currently, the available reserves consist of 7 deposits and low-grade piles, with a metal volume of approximately 119 tons and an average grade of 1.09 g/t.
Following the completion of the technology improvement project, the mineral volume of rosebel is expected to increase further. In 2019-2021, the production of the project fell significantly, depending on the main mining area ' s poor stripping, public health events and climatic factors, at 8.2.7.6.58 million tons, respectively. After the completion of the project in February 2023, the company planned to make a technological change and design a soft processing capacity of 12.5 million tons/year.
Rock or 7.7 million tons/year hard rock, with technology improvement projects expected to produce an average of almost 10 tons of gold per year after delivery. 3.2.2, Vuritica gold mine: one of the world-class super-high-grade gold mines, which helped to boost production, was the highest-grade gold mine in Colombia.
In 2020, the company acquired 100% of the gold in the mainland through its offshore subsidiary, Hong Kong, and in late 2023, after Hong Kong, through the creation of the Golden America and the introduction of the Cooperative's participation in the Golden America.
The Vuritica gold mine is located in the department of Antioch, Colombia, some 72 kilometres from the city of Medellín, the second largest city in Colombia. The mining area is located in the Andes, where electricity and water are located.
The infrastructure, such as infrastructure, and the Pan American Highway, which passes from the west side of the mine area, with four kilometres of tar roads going straight to the mine, is easier to transport, facilitating the subsequent operation and development of the mine. Project resources are excellent and gold is higher. The project has a mining rights area of 617 square kilometres, and mining rights include mining rights.
Date of effect to 2041. According to the N43-101 report, which was disclosed by mainland gold in March 2019, the amount of ore resources extrapolated from the Vuritika gold mine was 3,789 million tons, with an average grade of 9.3 g/ton, and a combined gold metal volume of 352.17 tons, with better prospects for deep and peripheral mining and potential for increased prospecting.
At that time, mainland gold had 12 mining rights and 1 prospecting rights around the Vuritika gold mining project, while the other areas together had 1 mining right and 11 prospecting rights, all located in the Andean mineral belt, with considerable prospects for prospecting.
In the case of smelting technology, the company uses “reselection + cyanide leaching - zinc replacement 3.2.3, marine gold mining: the second largest single gold mine in the country, which is expected to be released in 2025.
In October 2022, the company paid $3.98 billion to buy 30% of the share of the silver mine, and in November of the same year, it paid $4.063 billion to buy 20% of the share of the gold mining industry.
When the acquisition is completed, the company holds a total of 44% interest in the maritime gold mine, with an additional equity resource of 247.34 tons. Maritime gold mine is easily accessible, bordering a large number of large and medium-sized gold mines.
It is located in the bay of the sea, with low terrain, adjacent to the three mountain islands of gold in the south-west, and surrounded by large- and medium-sized gold mines, with an average grade of 4.42 g/t. Because of the abundance of large and medium-sized minerals around the maritime gold mines, mineral formations are superior in geological terms, and the main body of mines has not been closed at the depth of exploration, and there is a potential for further storage.
The project is expected to be operational by 2025, with production expected to exceed 150,000 tons per postnatal year. Under the Swiss Sea Mining Project, the project has invested some 6 billion yuan and is expected to be ready for production by 2025. The project will follow the underground mining model, with a 97 per cent recovery rate to be achieved through a process of "crude-mechanized + rock break-floating" .
Designed to be 12,000 tons per day, 15-20 tons per year of post-partum gold production and 23 years of service. Lithium mine: new energy metals, improved performance of lithium mine operations 4.1, new energy vehicles and storage, high demand for lithium
The end-use of lithium includes power cells, consumer electronics, storage energy, etc., with rapid growth in the demand for lithium as the new energy vehicle, storage, and energy industries develop rapidly. In 2018, for the first time, the domestic stock of new energy vehicles went out of millions, with a penetration rate of only 4.45%.
In 2023, the domestic sales of new energy vehicles increased by 37.48 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with penetration rising to 31.45 per cent. To benefit from developments in the area of new energy vehicles, sales of power cells have continued to increase, with the production of phosphate lithium/triple materials in 2020-2023, cagr being 143.99 per cent/72.80 per cent, and the higher sales of lithium batteries will lead to an increase in the demand for lithium.
In the context of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and social development, global investment in and construction of renewable energy facilities, such as wind power and photovoltaics, have continued to grow, and have spurred the demand for storage facilities. The storage equipment can be used to regulate the mismatch between power and power end distribution, facilitating the generation of new energy sources.
According to cnesa, the size of China ' s electrical and chemical storage units was 34.5gw in 2023, an increase of 163.9 per cent, and, in a conservative scenario, it is expected that the size of China ' s electrical and chemical storage systems will be 4.2 in 2024-2028, and that China will actively cut into the new energy sector, accelerating the acquisition and development of lithium mineral resources projects.
The company has been active in developing new energy sources and promoting the acquisition and exploitation of lithium resources. Since 2021, the company has been buying and acquiring the three-point salt lake lithium mine in Argentina, the Lithium misalinite lake mine in Lago, and the Lithium diamond mine in Hunan Province, and in 2023 was invited to cooperate with the Congolese Mining Development Corporation Ltd. in exploring and developing the green area northeast of the Manono lithium mine.
The land project, which forms a lithium resource pattern for the "two lakes" with a storage capacity of more than 10 million tons of lithium equivalent carbonate. Currently, a 300,000-ton/year run-on system has been achieved for the thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thi-thium-thi-thi-thi-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-the-t-e-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-L-Li-L-Li-L-Li-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L.
The company plans to produce 12-15 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalents in 2025. 4.2.1, 3q Salt Lake: a high-quality salt lake project in the “Lithium Triangle” of Argentina, will be completed by the end of 2023.
After it was handed over in January 2022, the company held 100% of the shares of the new lithium company and its core assets in the 3q Salt Lake in the department of Catamarca in the north-west of Argentina. The 3q Salt Lake has the advantage of abundance of resources and good development conditions.
In geographical terms, the project is located in the province of Catamarca, Argentine lithium production area, 68 km from the project site, where the rh60 road is accessible to the border and port, and where the development conditions are favourable.
Without communities and residents, development is limited: the project site is approximately 4,100 metres above sea level, with annual precipitation of about 70-190 mm and evaporation of about 1,800 mm. There is sufficient water supply on the edges of salt lakes to meet production needs.
13 mining rights with a total area of 353 square kilometres. Based on the boundary of lithium ion concentrations at 400 mg/l, the total resources of the 3q Salt Lake are estimated at 763 million tonnes lce, of which 5.369 million tonnes are detected and controlled, extrapolating the amount of resources at 2.261,000 tonnes lce. As the project ' s halogen basin is tilted eastward, it is shown to be the same sink.
The project produced 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate, with subsequent potential to increase production. According to the company production plan, the project designed to produce 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate, which is now almost complete, and is pushing for a second phase of 30,000.
Tons of battery lithium carbonate project; using the conventional "dithium evaporation-disassembly-carbonate" process, battery-grade lithium carbonate can be extracted from halogenated water from wells. 4.2.2, Tibetan Largo Bad Salt Lake: a high-quality domestic salt lake resource to be developed, with 50,000 tons of lithium produced in the long term
In April 2022, the company paid $7,682 million to buy a package of assets, including goldstone mines, and, when the deal was completed, the company would hold the Tibetan lake of sulphate, which was to be developed as a large sodium sulphate sub-water lake.
The project is located in the high-altitude area, but it has basic construction conditions. From the point of view of traffic, the project is located in subdistricts about 60 km south, 920 km east of the subdistrict, connected to the Qingzhou Road and the Qingzhou Railway, and then southwards.
In terms of electricity, it was reported in mid-2023 that the company would work with China-wide to build a pilot project for the storage of the wrong “zero carbon lithium” source network in Largo, on a scale of approximately 340 mw photovolt and 540 mwh storage capacity, which is expected to achieve 100% renewable energy supply in 2025.
The lake is located in the western part of the North Plateau, at an altitude of 4467-4800 metres, and, because of its topography as an internal stream basin, the water system in the region forms a lake-centric, lake-centric, heart-based, water-based, lake-based, and meets industrial and domestic water requirements. Lithium deposits in the lake are one of the few large deposits of high-quality lithium salt lakes in the country, with a large volume of extractable resources.
The saline halogen deposits in salt lakes are in the lowest low-lying areas of the Lago basin, where the surface bodies are halogenated bodies, with an average concentration of 270 mg/l of lithium in halowater, tons of lce, in addition to a ratio of 3.32 magnesium, accompanied by 3.82 million tons of boron oxide, an average concentration of 2.57g/l, an average concentration of 7.44 million tons of potassium chloride, an average content of 5.13 g/l, and a abundance of sodium chloride,
The project was originally designed to produce 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year. After the company completed the acquisition, the project process was converted to “sorting + membrane treatment”
According to the 2023 annual report, the production capacity of the Largo missalt Lake project will be put into operation as appropriate. 4.2.3, Dithium silicon: the scarce large-scale lithium polymetallic mine in the country has a better basis for development
In June 2022, the company financed about $1.8 billion to acquire a total of 71.14% of the stock in the thick mining industry, which was renamed the Hunan Purple Lithium Company Ltd., further acquired by the company in 2023.
The project has been under development for many years, and is based on good foundations. The diamond mine is located at the border area of Hunan Province, Jianghua, Ning Wan tri County, approximately 45 km from the south-east of the county city, and is accessible.
In the context of the growth in new energy demand, lithium metals associated with deposits will be the main development species, and according to company research, the project will be in a position to reboot into production.
According to the data disclosed by the company, as of September 2016, the amount of lithium oxide in the thorium-sourced hardstone mine was 874,000 tons, and in addition to the lithium resource, the combined resources included tin, tungsten, tungsten, caesium and other associated metals.
The project is suitable for large-scale open-air mining. The company has restarted the project.
Based on the company ' s planning of ongoing projects and the prevailing business climate, the following projections of the company ' s profitability are based on phase II: (1) copper operations: as copper under the flag continues to be released, it is assumed that minerals will be released in 2024-2026.
Leveraging of projects such as the Rosebel gold mine and the Pogra gold mine, assuming that the sales of mineral gold in 2024-2026 would be 71/84/89 tons, respectively, while the sales of smelting gold would remain at 2.56 million tons; (3) zinc operations: assuming that sales of mineral zinc and zinc smelting would remain relatively stable, with sales of mineral zinc at 42/42.43 million tons and sales of smelting zinc at 340,000 tons: (4) lithium
Monetary sales were 410/539,539 tons, while iron ore sales were maintained at 1.55 million tons. Price assumptions: (1) copper business: we expect the tight supply and demand structure to support the copper price hub and, as downstream demand recovers, the supply gap is expected to continue to grow and benefit copper prices, assuming copper prices are 2024-2026, respectively
The former global oversupply of mines has been increasing, but demand in the new energy sector downstream has remained at a certain rate, and lithium prices are expected to be maintained at the current price hub, assuming that the price of lithium carbonate in 2024-2026 is $10.10.11 million per ton. Models are among the highest in the domestic industry, and we have selected a share of the same type of company that is based on copper or gold.
A comparison of mining, gold integrity and gold in the west, using the 19 June 2024 stock price as the benchmark, is expected to benefit from the copper and gold price increases to increase profit margins, resulting in a performance increment of lithium carbonate, which is currently valued by the company below the comparable corporate average, and therefore covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been given.
(1) Risk of price volatility of raw materials: the company ' s main product is mineral or primaryly processed products, the price of which is more relevant to the price of raw materials, which, if the price of raw materials rises significantly in the future, will affect the company ' s profitability projections; (2) Risk of policy change: the company ' s multiple projects are distributed among the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Suriname, Colombia, etc.
In developing countries, the local political situation or related changes in industrial policy have a greater impact on the company ' s productive operations, and (3) projects have not progressed as expected: the company has many ongoing projects or technological expansion projects that will affect the company ' s level of profitability if project planning changes or construction are not as fast as expected.