The dragon head of the copper gold mine is bound to sail again and again, 26th of June 2024, research assistant Mi-woo.
▪ The mineral resources “three main regions” have been steadily laid out, and the world's top multinational metal mining forces have been active: 30-carried-out, completing three major regional configurations: the company started its home in 1986 in Huajin Hill, Haut-Hang County, and initially developed a technology and engineering management model for “land, harvest, selection, smelting, ring”, which was acquired by the company in 2015-2019 with a low industry profile
Kamoa, Kolwezi, Bor and Timok copper mines, completion of important fabrics in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Serbian copper mines, acquisition of Tibetan dragon copper mines and Juno copper mines in 2020-2023, return of operations to the interior of the country, resulting in national-Krongo-Serbian copper mining layouts, while completing copper-gold-new energy multi-goods coverage.
Copper + high-income gold is a powerful combination of resource endowments: copper and gold are the company's main metal varieties, 2023, big copper producers, seventh gold producers, and fourth lead (zinc) producers. • High-quality resources are available globally, “five-rounding” creates cost advantages: 1) high-quality resources are available globally and continue to grow deep.
Annual production is 1.01 million tons, equity resources are 74.5 million tons, reserves are 33.4 million tons, reserves/resources are 45 per cent, 110 tons. 2) The “five-by-one” model builds technology, cost advantages, and continuous research and development (R & D) promotes efficiency gains. Companies continue to invest in R & D at 0.5%, yoy + 0.1 pct in 2023, while companies use the “five-by-one” model.
Engineering management model, in comparison to overseas, the cost of gold and copper was controlled at the world ' s first two levels in 2023, the cost of copper c 1 in 2023 was only $1.1/pound less than in the southern copper industry, the cost angle of gold aisc was $1161/ounce in 2023 less than in polar gold.) The price of copper price increases brought company elasticity: the share price of the replate.
Looking at the positive correlation between corporate stock prices and copper/gold, we expect that this will be accompanied by long-term tightening of copper supply and gold growth, with a high potential for “horizontal + longitudinal” layout resistance to fluctuations in the cycle of growth of overseas companies.
2) The valuation perspective averaged 15 per cent for major global mining companies in 2023, 22 per cent for companies, followed only by the Southern Copper Industry and BP and BP. As of 21 May 2024, the company had a 23-fold market gain rate, a net market rate 5, a market gain of more than 40 per cent lower than the Freeport and the Southern Copper Industry, and a net market rate of 65 per cent lower than the Southern Copper Industry and a valuation rate of 65 per cent lower than the Southern Copper Industry.
The cagr is 23.9% in the third place in eight comparable companies, with a higher rate of growth relative to other copper companies, which should be 17/13/11 times higher. For comparable companies, we have selected the copper-focused mining companies Luoyangming, Western Mining, Jiangxi Copper, Copper-coloured and Yunnan Copper, compared to an average of 12.1 times in 2024.
1. Based on the steady internationalization of mineral resources over the next five years, based on the company’s decomposition of millions of tons of copper for Asia’s only mineral production, the global head-to-head multinational metal mining bio-force 1.1. shares conversion to market-based operations and “out-of-the-shelf” construction of global resource competitiveness.
Based on the strategic thinking of local governments and management, the corporate structure is stable and the development objectives are clear. The firm has a stable equity structure as the financial authority of the county of Haut Hang County. The shareholders in the company are the State Property Investment and Management Company of Guanxi Hang, with a 23.11% shareholding, and the actual controlling person is the financial authority of the county of Haut Hang County, a local state company, and the equity structure is stable.
After a successful stock-market transformation and marketing process, the company actively “gos out” and makes a global mining acquisition and becomes the leading metal dealer in the world.
The Minerals Company was formed, relying on five phases of technological redevelopment of the low-grade gold (copper) mine, reducing the gold boundary from 1 g/ton to 0.15 g/ton, with resources from 5 tons of fission to 300 + tons, shifting from underground to open air, shifting the mineral selection from a single leaching to re-selection-carbon magma-package, and extracting six millionths of gold from four to nine, at a combined cost of only $32.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00
• Development of technology and engineering management models for “land, extraction, selection, smelting, ring” and so on, to foster basic technological and human competitiveness, and to create a pre-eminence for the country’s mining industry.
The Department completed the restructuring of the stock system; the company was successfully listed in Hong Kong in 2003; and then the company was listed in Shanghai in 2008. So, the company completed its full listing within and outside the country, creating a market-oriented fund-raising structure that injected capital into the public administration. On the other hand, the company acquired and developed a large number of backbone mines in the country, Xinjiang Ascher.
Copper mines, Guizhou Mercury Hole gold mines, Gilling Light Copper mines, etc., are gradually moving towards the second stage of “the domestic metal industry leads” (3) “go out” to build global multi-producer competitiveness and become a transnational metal mining force (2014-present): The Ministry of Justice has completed the three-field resource layout of the Democratic Republic of the Congo-Serbia-China in 2014-present, while completing the copper-gold-lithium ratio.
Variety planning, by the end of 2023, the company produced millions of copper in mining, the world’s top five, the volume of gold resources and production, and the company’s management have grown, experienced and market-based management. The company’s chairman, Mr. Chen Xinghe, has gone through a series of decisions of great significance for the company, and has a better understanding of the company’s business and industry.
Management experience. Currently, companies are state-owned, but the leadership team still has high decision-making power, and good corporate development requires management’s long-term strategic vision and good management. 1.2. Low-profile acquisitions lead to steady growth, and resource three-fold global deployments.
Recapitulating history, companies buy high-quality global resources at low metal prices. Since 2015, companies have acquired, in the case of copper mines, Camoa, Dobo Hill, Kolwezi, Bor, Timok, dragon copper, gold, Norton, Vuritica, Aurora, Sea, Rosebel gold, in the case of copper gold.
The average cost of a company’s resources acquisition since 2020 is about $50/ton of copper, about $70/ounce of gold, 75% and 13% below the global peer’s level of $200/ton of copper and $80/ounce of gold, respectively.
Ongoing M&As have led to steady high growth in revenue and a net return boom. 1) From the point of view of revenue collection, which has benefited from a more sustained and stable acquisition strategy and expansion plans of the company, the recovery has grown at a more stable rate, the up-to-date cycle and the company’s efficiency initiatives have resulted in significantly higher corporate performance than the recovery.
By the end of 2023, the company had 30 mineral resources in 16 countries around the world, containing 95.47 million tons of copper, 34.65 tons of gold, 12.4 million tons of zinc (lead), 22773 tons of silver, and 1.41 million tons of lithium, the fifth largest copper producer in the world, the seventh gold producer, and the fourth lead (zinc).
The ratio of Māori contributed 47 per cent, 25 per cent, 24 per cent, and 3 per cent respectively to silver and iron ore, and lead and zinc. From Māori, the Māori rate for mountain plates was significantly higher than that for smelting plates, with a combined Māori rate (excluding smelting enterprises) of 49.1 per cent in 2023 and a significantly higher than the overall Māori rate of 16 per cent, with copper and gold production from mines, respectively, 55 per cent and 45 per cent.
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have increased steadily in recent years, and roe has been profit-led for more than 20% over the last three years. From 2020 to 2023, the company continued to deploy high-profit copper and gold plates, benefiting from higher copper and gold prices, Māori rates and net interest rate points.
The long-term pattern of copper is good, and the gold is approaching a period of price upswing in the interest-reduction cycle with long-term restrictions on copper supply and steady growth driven by new energy demand At the supply end: in the short term, tc processing fees have recently fallen significantly, community disturbances have increased and copper reserves have slowed down.
In the long run, capital spending by major copper companies has slowed, average grade levels in mines have declined, supply rates for tc processing have recently declined significantly, and there has been a rapid contraction in the supply side of the face of increased community disturbances and increased operating costs. In the short term, from September 2023 to March 2024, Chinese tc processing fees amounted to $91.5.
/Dry ton down to $6/dry ton, sharp decline, reflecting a trend towards tight supply of copper, and we judge that increased community disturbance and increased operating costs were the main reasons for the tightening of supply, including the two-month demonstrations in October 2023 on the first-volume Panamanian copper mine, which led to the closure of the Panamanian copper mine, and the December 2023 British American resource announcement.
Production fell in 2024, licences for the operation of the copper mine in Sossego, fresh water valley, were suspended in February 2024, etc. In 2018-2022, the main deposits of copper mines remained close to 400 million tons, with overall reserves slowing down to a rate of 44 per cent. The total reserves were 3.95 tons (youy-2.2 per cent).
Other storage areas accounted for 550 million tons (yoy+3.6%) in 2022, contributing mainly to the increase. Production in the main copper-mining areas has remained close to 14 million tons in the last two years, and global production has slowed down.
The stock was 13.8 million tonnes (yoy+0.4%), which remained largely stable. Global production was 22 million tonnes (yoy+4%) in 2022, while capital spending by major copper companies slowed down over the long term, the average grade of the mines fell and the supply of copper was limited. 1) By 2023, global capital expenditure by major copper companies was $59.2 billion (yoy+7%), up 15% from 2022.
8 pct. We expect that head copper companies will remain cautious about capital spending in 2024 with higher copper prices, and that high future growth in production will continue to lack support. 2) With regard to mineral grade, global mining is on a downward trend as a result of the gradual shift from open mining to extraction, such as the decline in Chile ' s national copper industry ' s average mineral value from 0.77 per cent in 2013
In 2022, 0.66 per cent of mineral prices fell or led to higher operating costs for businesses, limiting the supply side.Figure 19: Global capital spending on major copper companies and the yoy end of demand: new energy sources will become new demand growth points in the future and demand will increase steadily.
Copper prices are expected: supply tightening, sustained demand growth, combined with the Fed’s expectations of interest reduction, which will benefit future copper prices. Beginning in March 2022, the Fed began a large-scale interest-raising process to control the growing inflationary trend. By August 2023, federal fund interest rates had been increased to 5.33%, and subsequent interest-reduction expectations were clear, taking into account long-term supply constraints and demand in new capacity.
Growing growth driven by source areas, with a greater scope for future increases in copper prices. 2.2. Gold prices are strongly influenced by financial and risk-free properties, and the Fed’s subsequent interest-reduction actions or increases in the price of gold: gold production remains stable, demand fluctuations increase, demand for investment goods are the main cause of volatility.
The total annual global gold demand is 4,448 tons (yoy-5.3%), of which 1,037 tons, or 23%, of the total demand, is the main cause of the fluctuations in total demand. Prices: gold prices are strongly influenced by financial attributes and risk avoidance attributes, and dollar indexes and risk avoidance pricing logic.
From a federal fund interest rate perspective, the Fed’s sharp interest cuts and hikes since 2020 have been accompanied by clear increases and declines in gold prices. Many historical data confirm that gold prices have a clear negative correlation with dollar indices and long-term US debt returns.
After the peak, the price of gold continued to rise, and the conflict in the Russian Federation has yet to end, with the US election year in 2024, when gold prices may have risen further. Figure 28: 2015-present gold prices and vix panic index
We expect gold prices to rise: the Fed expects interest cuts to increase demand for risk avoidance, looking at future price trends for gold. Until then, effective federal fund rates were already at 5.33%, at historically high levels, and prices were expected to continue to rise in the wake of the Fed’s interest cuts, while current US consumption performance was not as good as expected, and risk avoidance was rising again to raise the price of gold.
3. Core competitiveness: quality resources are available globally and “five-by-one” creates cost advantages 3.1. Quality resources are available in major production areas of the world, gradually returning home, and the copper industry continues to grow deep.
3.1.1. Resource configuration expansion: In recent years, the layout has returned to the periphery and the interior, reducing geopolitical risks, and in order to reduce geopolitical risks, the company has acquired new mergers and acquisitions to the periphery and within the country over the last three years. In recent years, the company has acquired 3 tranches: 1) from 2015 to 2016, the company has completed 49.5% of the shares in the Kamoa copper mine and 49.5% from the Kolwezi copper mine.
(iii) From 2020 to 2023, the company undertook three important layouts — one, to balance geopolitical risks, the copper mine has returned to the country, acquired 50.1 per cent and 48.6 per cent of the interests of the Tibetan dragon and Juno copper mines, forming the three major regions of Tibet-Congo-Serbia copper layout;
China’s copper, gold, and lithium are highly dependent on the outside world, and return to the layout can create an autonomous advantage.
On the other hand, China has 71%-63%-64% of its copper/gold/lithium externals, respectively. All are at a higher level.
By 2023, Serbia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and China, the three main regions of the company ' s copper mines produced 23 per cent, 32 per cent and 42 per cent of the mineral copper production, which was evenly distributed. By 2023, the company produced 1,010,000 tons of copper.
The three main mining mines, namely, Kamua, Tibetan Dragons and Cyves, mainly from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, produced 7456 million tons of copper rights in 2023, 33.4 million tons of reserves, 45 per cent of reserves and resources, with potential for the future. 1) From a grade perspective, the top three of the company ' s high-quality mines were Kamoacakula copper mines and Kolwezi.
The copper ore and the Asher ore, respectively, have a stock level of 3.9 per cent/2.7 per cent/ 1.7 per cent) in terms of equity resources, the first trimune ore being the Chukarupeg ore, the Kamoacacura ore, or 1969/1920/965 million or 65 per cent of the company ' s total resources, respectively.) In terms of reserves/resource volume, less than 50 per cent of the company ' s five copper ores, including the Kamoacaku or Cav.
The potential for future growth of the copper mine, the Chukarupei copper gold mine, is considerable. Figure 32: Principal copper mine resource and resource grade of the company, 2023. Figure 33: Production and equity reserves of the company ' s main copper mine, 2023
The company ' s equity resources for 2023 are 2,998 tons, distributed widely, with 1,148 tons of reserves and 38 per cent of reserves and capital sources. 1) The top three of the company ' s high-grade mines are the Vuritica gold mine, the Mercury Hole gold mine and the maritime gold mine, with 7.2 per cent/5.1 per cent and 4.4 per cent respectively) and the first tri-copper mine is the Chulupegyi gold mine, with 7.2 per cent and 4.4 per cent respectively).
Copper gold mines, Norton gold fields and marine gold mines, which account for 443/3 56/247 tons, or 35 per cent of the company ' s total resources. 3) From the point of view of reserves/resource volume, less than 50 per cent of the company ' s five copper mines, including the Kamoacacacora copper mine, Chukarupeg copper gold mine, figure 35: 2023.
In terms of volume, copper mine resources are the first in the country, the top 10 in the world; in terms of volume, they are considered to be Kamoa, Tibet, and timok. Total: the company copper mine resources are the first in the country, leading internationally.
The total amount of copper equity resources has reached 7456 million tons, while yoy+1.1% has slowed the increase, but the future increase can be expected. At the same time, as of 2023, the company ' s copper equity reserves accounted for 82% of China ' s reserves, with copper equity resources ranked first in China, and eighth in the world.
Corporate copper production was the top five in the world, leading the growth in production in 2024. In 2023, purple gold was in the top five of the major copper companies compared to other copper companies, only after free ports, BP and BP and the Chilean national copper industry. According to the company ' s 2024 guidelines, it was expected to grow by 9% in the top five companies, which is the rate of increase.
The two major copper mines in Urvia will be fully completed with the prospect of an expansion of 300,000 tonnes/year, compared to 2023 tonnes/year, with an increase of 600,000 tonnes of copper produced in three postnatal periods, with the Juno copper mine expected to produce 100,000 tonnes of copper in the postnatal year.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, the total amount of corporate gold equity resources is 2,998 tons, yoy-3.8%, down from last year, with 37% of China ' s reserves and potential for the future. Corporate equity resources are the seventh largest in the world and the international leader in 2023.
Short-term increases in foreign attention to Rosebel, Pogra, domestic attention to the future, Savayaton; long-term Vuritti Ka, Norton, and timok potential; short-term increases in the contribution of the Porgra gold mine, long-term gold deposits in the East and the West.
On 22nd, the resumption was officially launched, with 417 tons of gold in its possession, and the mine is expected to produce an average of 21 tons of gold per year (with 5 tons of corporate interest) and to contribute a significant increase in gold.) The Norton gold fields, located in Australia, are expected to contribute 8 tons of gold in 2024, an increase of 1.3 tons in 2023 as a result of production and technological changes.
The size of the area gold mining design is 12,000 tons per day, with total production reaching the post-partum stage, and about 15-20 tons of mineral gold per year, which is expected to rise to the largest gold mine in the country.
3.2. Cost: “Five-by-one” models build technological advantages, refocusing on promoting mitigation efficiency Companies continue to invest in R & D and the “Five-by-one” model deepens technological advantages. In 2023, companies spent $1.570 billion on R & D, yoy+27.2 per cent, while R & D costs were 0.53 per cent, a significant increase.
The built-up evolution of the “five-ring” engineering management model for centralized surveying, mining, mineral selection, metallurgy, environmental integration, with notable technological results in geological surveying, integrated use of low grade and difficult mineral resources, and environmental protection, figure 47: Company “five-round” engineering management model
Compared to overseas, the company ' s gold and copper costs were in the first two levels of the world in 2023. In 2023, the company ' s copper c1 cost was only $1.1/lb, yoy+14 per cent, with significant cost advantages compared to other firms. Second, it was weaker than the southern copper industry, in 2023 it was $1161/ounce, yoy+7 per cent, and at present it was less than polar gold.
With a certain increase in overseas electricity, freight, labour, it is expected that the company will remain within reasonable limits in 2024 with a relatively high degree of control. Following price fluctuations, the company collected $9.81 billion in 2023 in copper from mines, sold at a unit cost of $58,000 per ton, and smelting copper.
A slight decline from the previous year, mainly affected by the decline in mineral grade and the increase in energy costs, has been sustained at a higher level, with a major contribution of gold and 3.1 per cent of copper smelting, which has remained stable. Following price fluctuations, the company's gold farms collected $27.1 billion in 2023 at a unit price of $406/g in sales, and smelting and processing.
The price increases followed by the increase in the price of gold from $111.3 billion to $448 per unit of sale. The Māori ratio was 45.1 per cent in 2023 from the Māori perspective, a slight decline from the previous year, but remained high, contributing mainly Māori; and the Smelting Copper Māori rate was 0.6 per cent and remained stable.
Long, from 2023 to the present, the value of the company ' s shares was better supported by copper, and it is expected that the future will be accompanied by the continued use of the Kamua, the dragon mine, the tightening of the macro-copper supply and the Federal Reserve ' s expectation of interest reduction, that the value of the company ' s shares will remain more relevant to the price of copper and that the response to the price of the company ' s shares will lag slightly behind the price of gold, following the rise in the price of copper, with gold prices still starting from the company in 2023 q4 to the present.
Corporate stock prices will continue to be more relevant to gold prices and will remain high-performing. Comparable firms, both within and outside the country, will be more likely to grow, with “horizontal + vertical” business arrangements resistant to cyclical fluctuations.
In 2023, the company collected $293.4 billion, or yoy+9 per cent, and out of the nine leading companies, the company was above average, with a certain size advantage and speed of increase.
Beyond the lower base growth rate, the rest of the mining industry has suffered a certain decline in performance, and corporate reversibility has expanded, reflecting a strong ability to cross the cycle. There is still some room for growth in valuation terms compared to overseas companies.
The corporate market was 23 times higher, with a net rate of 5; the market was still more than 40 per cent lower than the free port and the southern copper industry; the net market was 65 per cent lower than the southern copper industry; and there was room for improvement in valuations.
Corporate capital expenditure maintained a high rate of growth and a cyclical smooth cash flow. Corporate capital expenditure stood at $4.3 billion in 2023, maintaining a high rate of growth for other copper companies. Cash flows to corporate operations grew by 17 per cent in 2023, with companies having cross-cyclical capacity through vertical layout of resources + smelting, horizontal layout of copper + gold, almost every year compared to other comparable companies.
Corporate capital expenditure/business income was 10.4 in 2023, and corporate capital expenditure/business income was lower than that of the world’s major copper companies and was closer to that of the southern copper industry.
In the Jiangxi copper industry, which is not conditional on a comparison of low capital expenditure inputs, overall the capital expenditure required for corporate unit revenue collection is small and investment efficiency is high.
As of May 22, the price of the shfe gold was $573/g, close to the highest point in history, and we believe that it was mainly due to the frequency of geo-political events, which caused the build-up of the expected follow-up interest rate reductions in the Fed. It is expected that the price of the gold will continue to support as central bank purchases continue and interest rates open.
The price of lme copper is $10396 per ton, which is close to historical highs, and we believe that it is mainly due to earlier and higher demand expectations due to a contraction in supply, a build-up of subsequent expected interest-reduction games, higher copper prices, a look-up to the post-market market, the logic of supply shortages, the cost of smelting is still low, and demand is now better overseas than domestic and supports copper prices. So let's assume that copper is better than domestic.
Price poles remain at the current level for a short time, and it is expected that the centre will move steadily up. Pe(ttm) 31 times as much room for growth, compared to the entire Schenjiang plate, the value of the premium in the UV mine until 2023 is not significant enough, and there is only a premium in the case of a marked improvement in performance after the acquisition, which we have recognized since 2023.
In 2023, in comparison with the specific comparable companies, we selected the copper-focused mining companies Luoyang, western mining, Jiangxi copper, copper-coloured and Yunnan copper, which have historically been recognized for their advantage in the scale of the gold mining industry, in order to increase the value premium due to significant corporate size effects and a new step in copper production.
Since 2023, except for the Luoyang molybdenum industry, which has been valued for a period longer than the UV mine, the value of the UV mine has averaged 12.1 times as much annually as that of the company, and we expect the company to be 16.7 times more than the value premium based on the company's only mine in Asia, figure 62: the UV is valued at 62: the price of the copper pe (tttm) is higher than the price of the pe.
Figure 63: Purple gold mining and comparable companiespe(ttm) Table 9: Comparable company valuation tables (as of 24 June 2024) Increased market competition patterns: industry demand is not as high as expected and markets may be affected by increased competition.
Geopolitical risks: Geopolitical risks impede the marketing of metal resources, which in turn poses marketing risks. Metal prices are not as high as expected: the continued growth in the supply of the mines has led to a further increase in the supply and demand gap, or has driven the price of copper to fall, while gold prices are still high, with the risk of falling if interest cuts are delayed.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the UFOM have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.