The performance was re-innovated and the gold plate was re-evaluated by 57.1 per cent as at 20 October 2025, mainly as a result of a rise in gold prices and a significant increase in corporate gold plate profits.
In terms of profit ratios, mineral gold performed the best, with the q3 gold-origin ratio having reached 45.7%, and the mineral gold-plate-origin ratio having increased further by 36.2% compared to 36.2% of the mineral-copper plate, making the company’s largest profit. In terms of production, the company produced 65 tons of mineral gold in the first three quarters of 2025, a 20% increase in the same year.
Mineral copper production rose by 5 per cent to 830,000 tons. Mineral gold continued to grow, mainly as a result of the new mergers and acquisitions of Ghana’s Quizu-Akim gold mine, which contributed 3.2 tons five months after the harvest, and the new Sahualton gold mine in the Xinjiang.
On the other hand, the company's gold production was 24 tons, an increase of 7 per cent over the ring, and 260,000 mineral copper production.
Tons, with a 6 per cent reduction in ring ratio, the decline in copper production was mainly due to the impact of the Kamoa flood wells accident. In terms of prices, the company sold $768/g in mineral gold and $6.37 million/t in mineral copper, respectively, at an average cost of $279.7/g in mineral gold and $25.4 million/t in mineral copper, respectively.
19.8 per cent, 10.9 per cent and 4.0 per cent respectively. The main reasons for the cost increase are: (1) a decrease in the grade of the mine, an increase in the distance and an increase in the extraction ratio of some open-air mines; and (2) a sharp increase in the price of gold, resulting in a sharp increase in the six months of 2025 reported by the Purple Mine (601899.sh).
A significant simultaneous increase in equity payments based on gold prices; (3) high transitional costs for new mergers and acquisitions. Non-latitude: copper climbs to a thousand peaks, gold rises to 2025/08/regular gains and losses of $2.07 billion, mainly for fair value changes in financial assets and disposal of financial assets and funds
At the heart of this point is the increase in the production of copper. The copper plate, Serbian timok+bor, Congo Kinkamoa, Tibetan dragons, Juno, Yumura, three world-class copper mining clusters, averaged 2025-2028.
3. The depth of the annual report for 2024 will continue to contribute to the increase; the gold plate, which is accompanied by multiple projects, will make it possible for Powgra to resume production, the maritime gold mine, rosebel, Savayaton and Akim to form a new addition, while gold production will continue to grow.2 The company will continue to explore for additional reserves.
4. The 2024 performance forecast for the mining industry (601899.sh) maintains a two-wheel drive for mineral resources surveying, mergers and acquisitions.3 The international market for the unbundling of the gold industry, with overseas gold assets, was advanced in the third quarter of 2024 for the mining of the gold industry (601899.sh).
Re-evaluated. 32 tons of mineral gold from the newly established and marketed Purple Gold International in the third quarter of 2025, in fact: historical best performance, growing more than 2024/10/ \triangleright
In a single quarter, the company achieved 86,489 million yuan, an 8.1 per cent increase, compared to the previous quarter.
On September 30, 2025, the company successfully split its subsidiary, Purple Gold International, into Hong Kong's main trading board, issuing 401 million shares (with excess authorization) at a price of HK$7159/stock, raising a total of about HK$28.7 billion, the largest gold mining industry in the world to date.
ipo, the largest ipo outside China and the second largest ipo in the world in 2025.2 Gold prices have risen and quarterly performance has been re-innovated by large multinational mining groups, mainly engaged in copper, gold, zinc, lithium, silver, molybdenum, etc.
Research, design and application of metal mineral resources exploration, development and mining engineering, etc., are committed to providing humans with low-carbon mineral gold by 3,148 million yuan per year, income tax by 4,298 million yuan per year, and earnings and losses of minority shareholders by the same amount, mainly due to the increase of 7,359 million yuan per year in Maori, mainly as a result of the increase in the price of gold plates.
Māori in gold plates increased by $5,503 million on a year-on-year basis, Māori in overall minerals and smelting products increased by $6,365 million on a year-on-year basis, and Māori in other business plates (other than major minerals and smelting ends) increased by $994 million on a year-on-year basis. Other multipliers also increased investment returns by $1,478 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly in terms of fair value of disposal.
The change is based on the return on investment on current-period gains and losses on the financial assets and liabilities, as well as on the increased profitability of joint companies.
3 Māori end dismantling: the gold plate contributed to the major increase in the profit ring, and we believe that the significant increase in the company ' s profit of 2025q3 gross profit on a year-to-year basis is mainly due to the increase in the volume of gold products and, from a ring perspective, the best performance in mineral gold in terms of the detailed breakdown of the product, it is worth noting that q3
The ratio of gold to gold has reached 45.7 per cent, and the ratio of mineral gold to copper to 36.2 per cent has further increased the ratio of gold to gold to gold, which represents the largest profit for the company. The ratio of mineral minerals and smelting ends to Māori rings has increased by 1,705 million yuan, of which mineral gold/copper q3 is gross.
Other non-principal products (mainly trade logistics, smelting gold and silver, iron ore, molybdenum, gold \checkmark products, copper tubes/copper belts, precious metal trade, service operations, etc.) through total Māori values and other operations
The difference between the main business product is calculated to be 75 million yuan. At the end of sales: 2025q3, changes in mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc ring, respectively + 9.26 per cent; increases in copper production, mainly or from projects such as Kolwezi, dragons, etc.
The Akim gold mine in Ghana grew in April, the Powgra reproducing slopes, the Guizhou mercury cave gold climbing slopes, etc. Price ends: 2025q3, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc ring ratio respectively + 4.13 per cent, cost ends: 2025q3, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc ring ratio respectively + 2.94 per cent,
+9.83 per cent, +4.01 per cent, +0.90 per cent. The main reasons for the increase in the cost of selling the company ' s mineral products unit were: (1) a decline in the grade of some of the mines, an increase in the distance and an increase in the extraction ratio of some of the open-air mines; (2) a sharp increase in the price of gold, resulting in a substantial increase in the synchronization of equity based on gold prices; and (3) a high cost of the transition period for new mergers: for example,
The depreciation of assets is calculated using the pre-acquisition mine life-cycle model (end of 2027), which results in higher depreciation amortization costs. On the basis of unit Maori data, 2025q3 increases the average Maori ring ratio in units other than zinc smelting.
Prices have risen. Māori rings in smelting copper units grew by 39 per cent, and zinc rings in smelting units decreased by 1155 per cent.
The increase in the non-recurring profit ring ratio of 5q3 is due mainly to the fair value of the non-recurring profit of company 2025q3 (other gains + net gains on investments + net gains on fair value changes) The increase in the ring ratio of 691 million yuan (of which the net return on investments has decreased by 189 million yuan and the net gain on fair value changes)
An increase of $100 billion in the ring ratio, mainly due to partial gains from the disposal of assets, hedges, etc., and an asset/credit impairment. Detailedly, the increase in the ring ratio for non-recurring gain/loss items of 2025q3 is mainly reflected in: gains/losses on non-current assets (+28 million), government subsidies to account for current gains/losses (+23 million), with the exception of normal corporate experience.
Fair value change gains/losses and investment gains (+414 million) outside the effective hedging operations associated with battalion operations, impairments of receivables for individual impairment tests (+008 million), other gains/losses that meet the definition of non-recurring gains (+136 million, investment gains from disposal of long-term equity investments), minority shareholder interests
Figure 19: Quarterly income tax rates and income tax rates for companies
The company ' s copper gold production will be further increased, and the company ' s operating cash flow is expected to improve continuously. The net cash inflows generated by the fund-raising activities of 2025q3 amounted to $14,545 million, and the demand for repayments of approximately $1.5 billion was projected for current services for the same period the previous year. Based on the company ' s cash flow, we believe that the company ' s funds are under pressure.
7 Project progress: Divide Gold International, Revalued Overseas Gold Operations 7.1 Mineral Gold & Silver: Ugly Gold International completed its de-marketing, 65 tons of company mineral gold produced in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period, of which third quarter
With the rise in gold prices, the gold plate has become an important engine for the growth of corporate profits. In the group’s main gold-producing mines, the newly established and marketed Purple Gold International was realized in the third quarter of 2025.
Thirty-two tons of mineral gold, representing a net return of $905 million (of 20 tons in January-September 2025 to the renminbi) and a net return of 5,013 million yuan (without taking into account the by-products of mines such as main copper and zinc). Internal growth + extended mergers and acquisitions, with an increase in international gold production of purple gold.
HK$401 million (with over-authorization) was issued at a price of HK$401 million, bringing together about HK$28.7 billion, the second largest ipo in the world so far. 7.2 Mineral copper: the dragon was built well, and the Kamoa mine was disrupted by the earthquake.
Tibet, China: During the reporting period, the construction of projects such as the company-owned dragon copper mine and the Juno copper mine was well under way, and the second phase of its production is expected to be completed by the end of 2025.
In the third quarter of 2025, according to Eiffonha Public, the Kamoa-Kakula (Kamoa-Kakula) I, ii and iii final plants disposed of 3.46 million tons of ore (down to 2.47% of the selection, less 1.11 pct, lower copper recovery rate by 2.7 pct to 82.7%), copper production by 71,000 tons, from 2025 to the present.
316,000 tons of commonium copper. Production guidance targets (370,000-42 million tons of copper) will remain unchanged and mining operations are expected to begin in mid-November in the high-grade areas of the western part of the Kakula mine. On 11 June 2025, the company announced the reopening of the western part of the Kakula mine on 7 June 2025.
Mining operations. By mid-June, mining volumes had risen to an average of 350,000 tons per month (4.2 million tons per year). The western sector of the mine in Kakura has reduced the mining boundary from 2.0 per cent copper content to 1.5 per cent to achieve a higher rate of mining. Mining operations in the western part of the mine in Kakula are concentrated in higher mining areas in the north and south-west, compared with the current water level.
From mid-November 2025, the mining team planned to go deep into the western part of the Ka Kula mine, where it is expected to rise to between 3.5 and 4.5 per cent. The first and eleventh phase of the plant will continue with the disposal of ore from the western part of the Kakura mine and surface piles until the first quarter of 2026 is exhausted.
Since then, partial mining operations will be carried out in the existing mining areas in the eastern part of the mine in Kakura to supplement the production of the higher grade mining areas in the western part of the mine in Kakura, where the second phase of drainage has been completed and is expected to take place in November 2025.
The bottom level will then be reduced to the bottom of the second stage of two wells. The planning and discharge of the mines will go well and will support the climbing of production under the mines of Kakura and Kamoa, with the medium-term goal of restoring the ore disposal capacity to 17 million tonnes/year, with the ultimate goal of restoring the annual copper production to 550,000 tonnes/year.
Up. The company will publish its copper production guidance targets for 2026 and 2027 after completion of a detailed field survey of the underground drainage area at the Kakura mine, and is expected to publish a new mine mountain service life development programme in the first quarter of 2026.
The operation of the smelter will begin in early November. The installation of the 60 megawatt industrial uninterruptible power supply (UPS) system is well under way and is about to be completed.
7.3 Small metal plates: strategic collaboration between the sarcophagus mollum mine and the molten molten shares, carbon molten molten plates: at the end of 2022, the company issued an announcement that it was planning to acquire 84 per cent of the interest in the mollum mine in the Angé sarcophagus. According to the semi-annual 2025 newspaper, the mollum mine in the Angé sarcophagus has been approved by the ring and the project is being handed over at an accelerated pace.
On August 30, 2025, the company signed a letter of intent with Gold Molybdenum to transfer 24% of its shares to Gold Mob at cost.
With 34% of shares in the stock market, the development of the salami mine is still dominated by purple gold. At the same time, there are plans to build the smelting company, co-financed by the gold salami industry and the gold salvaging company, which holds 51% of the shares directly, leaving 49% of the shares in the salmon industry, which together holds 67.66% of the shares.
According to the 2013 report on the site for the exploration of the sarcastic molybdenum mine in the Kanji district of Anhui Province, which was filed with the Land Resources Office of Anhui Province, the estimated amount of resources in the right to prospecting is 1,630 million tons of molybdenum ore and 233.78 million tons of molybdenum ore, with an average grade of 0.143%.
With 165 million tons of stones and 630,000 tons of molybdenum metal, with an average grade of 0.38%. China’s 65% of its resources are low at 0.1%, so the mine has a strong cost advantage and market competitiveness.
The price of the product sold is 150,000 yuan per ton of molybdenum (including years (including 4.5 years of construction). Lithium plate: steady and steady, with lower efficiency gains. The company’s lithium plate for carbonate is operating in an orderly manner, producing carbon in the first three quarters.
Acid lithium 11,000 tons (including 0.37 million tons produced by the Tibetan mining industry since May 2025), an annual production of 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate from the 3q lithium mine in Argentina was put into production at the end of the third quarter, and a five million tons of lithium from the Hunan silicon mine/year selection system will be tested in the fourth quarter.
8 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) projects are not progressing as expected. There are still more projects under construction in the company, and the construction of the project will require considerable investment of human and material resources, which may be affected by unexpected events that may lead to the project not progressing as expected, and production will release the rhythm.
The slowdown will have an impact on profitability. 2) Prices such as copper and gold fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, price fluctuations for copper, gold, zinc, silver, iron ore, etc., which can significantly affect corporate profits if macroeconomic growth is pressured or supply is high
Volume releases lead to a decline in metal prices that will have a greater impact on companies’ profitability. 3) Overseas geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread across countries across the globe. If local government market policy changes or taxes on mining companies are raised, laws against mining companies abroad may be enacted, etc.
Harming the company’s interests has an impact on the company’s profitability. 4) Exchange rate risk. Companies are spread across the globe and involve more assets denominated in foreign currency. While using exchange rates to hedge against risk, there may also be a risk of hedging failures or high exchange rate fluctuations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.