The name changed to Sanxi, and the position of the coal dragon was consolidated. The Western Coal Power (000983.sz) incident: the company issued an announcement, and the controlling shareholder Shanxi Coal Group proposed that the name of the company be “Sanxixi Coal”.
Electricity Co. Ltd. was changed to “Sanxi Coal Energy Group”, securities were changed from “Western Coal Power” to “Sanxi Coal”; the security code “000983” remained unchanged.
According to the announcement, the group company was deployed in line with the strategy of the Shanxi Provincial Council and the provincial government to deepen the reform of State-owned enterprises, with a view to promoting the integration of coal resources through resource asset capitalization, capital securitization, the use of public platforms and the professional reorganization of coal resources, the rational flow, organization, configuration of resources, and the creation of coal-plating companies.
This change of name is not only the company’s alignment with the group’s name, but also the strategic positioning of the corporate platform in the context of the change of name in Shanxi, which is expected to accelerate the group’s injection of coal-fired assets. As of 2020q3, the group’s securitization rate was only 25.4%, and the coal-producing energy securitization rate was only 33%, while combining it with the mountain coal group.
• The group leads the company's board of directors, highlighting the strategic importance of the listed platform. According to the announcement, the board of directors will make important adjustments.
The group’s main leader will enter the board of directors of listed companies, reflecting the importance that the group’s leadership attaches to the listed platform in moving forward with the restructuring process, further highlighting the strategic positioning of corporate integration of coal assets within the group.
According to the International Notice of Mountain Coal, the agreement for the non-reimbursable transfer of the Mountain Coal Group has been signed and is currently in business and business changes, after the completion of which the Mountain Coal Group will become a subsidiary of the Mountain Coal Group, and the subsequent merger of the mountain coco Group will be carried out in an orderly manner, and the issue of competition between companies and Mountain Coal International is expected to be resolved through asset reorganization.
The company’s three-quarter review report - a one-quarter q3 performance decision. After the provincial re-enactment, the “New Coal” group will become a mountain, along with the Shining Energy Holdings and the Xianxian Chemical Industries Group.
The three main coal asset entities in the West Province have consolidated the three main pillars of coal production, power, and coal-chemicals in a professional direction.
The company's spot evaluation - “Stable Prices & Declines” The Australian Coal Restraint has tightened the supply of coker, which is expected to be supported by a rise in the price of coker, while the domestic shortage of high-quality primary cokers has an impact on the outbreak, and attention has been paid to the changes in Shanxi.
The company has improved its performance as a coal-coal tap, or has benefited from the volume.
Figure 1: Group asset securitization as at 2020q3, only 25.4 per cent, figure 2: group coal energy securitization as at 2020q2, only 33 per cent (millions of figures 3: coke prices have increased by seven rounds and coal coke price differentials have increased (RM/t)