The high-end equipment manufacturing and new materials research centre was performing as expected in 2019, and the vehicle crane market picked up.
The company ' s net profit on the fourth quarter of 2019 was calculated at $580-98 million, an increase of 8-82 per cent over the previous quarter. The volume of vehicle crane sales increased at a rate of upswing in the fourth quarter, the volume of excavators was higher than expected, and the amount of high-altitude platforms was released.
Heavy lifting machinery: the growth rate of sales in the industry has risen rapidly, and the share of companies has risen. In January-November 2019, the volume of sales in the automobile crane industry increased by 32 per cent on a year-on-year basis, in June-August, and in September-November, the rate of sales in the industry increased by 9.2 per cent/19.5 per cent/33.7 per cent.
The company’s crane business went beyond the industry. It experienced a fall in the city’s share in February-May 2019, with the introduction of a series of high-priced k products better suited to market demand in the second half of the year and the strengthening of marketing systems, and improved agent incentives, with the city’s share gradually rising.
Excavator: Four quarters of the industry has grown faster than expected, and Xu's excavator has increased more rapidly.
Two major brands. The convergence of leading companies is expected to increase further as a result of the build-up cycle of equipment replacements, the tightening of environmental policies, and the doubling of the performance of the three-quarterly reports, which are expected to be influenced by multiple factors, such as generation-to-generation and export growth across the world throughout the year.
Platform for high-altitude operations: Xu's new base of fire intelligence was inaugurated in December 2019, planning 2010101 gc//ballo cut-off point, with 18,000 units, of which 6,000 were arms and 12,000 were cut-fork products. Xu 2019
Xu’s limited mix-up is proceeding as planned, focusing on mixed progress and high-quality asset injections. The company’s shareholders are moving ahead as planned.
The introduction of strategic investors, laying the groundwork for measures such as follow-up equity incentives, employee holding platforms, etc., stimulates the development of dynamic energy, and corporate governance will rise to a new level. The future of high-quality assets, such as parent company excavators, does not rule out Wang Huajun.
Excavator asset infusion, with a reasonable valuation expected for Xu's excavator operations in excess of $20 billion; capital estate investments below expectations; downside risks for some product industries; and exchange rate risks.
Chart 1: 27 per cent increase in corporate revenue in January-September 2019. Figure 5: Corporate net cash flows are at an all-time high during the same period. Chart 6: 1.106 billion dollars in asset and credit impairment losses in January-September 2019.
Appendix II: Industry sales data Figure 7: Autocar crane industry sales increased by 32 per cent in January-November year-on-year Figure 8: Monthly sales of car cranes Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment