On 30 January 2024, the company announced the acquisition of rights to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine under the flag of its parent company.
\triangleright Announced that the limited public authority to explore gold mines in the West Ridge village of Lei County, Shandong Province, to purchase the owner-owned owner, Shandong Gold Group, was to be paid for the first time in the amount of RMB 10.33 billion.
Transfers totalling $6.71 billion, to be paid in cash within one year of the entry into force of the contract, and the remaining $3.72 billion, to be paid separately. The right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine is not currently produced and, once the acquisition is completed, the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine will be integrated with the existing mine rights in the Three Mountain Islands into new mining rights and will be exploited in a unified manner.
The island ' s gold mines are currently active and will continue to be productive during the consolidation of resources. West Ridge gold resources are rich and of good quality, yielding more than 13 tons in the postnatal year. According to the assessment report, as of 31 October 2023, 592 tons of gold was retained in the West Ridge gold prospecting rights, with an average grade.
4.02 g/t, accompanied by 591 tonnes of silver, with an average grade of 4.08 g/t, and a very high stock of gold resources. Qiuzu, the mine capital is built over a seven-year period, with an initial, medium-term and later-stage production capacity of 3.3 million tonnes, and is selected for ore items
At 4.33 g/t, the recovery rate was 96.08%, the repatriation rate was 97.5%, and the project delivered gold products with a capacity of about 13.4 tonnes/year and 36 years of service.
The cost is approximately $460 per ton, the cost of a ton mine operation is $389 per ton, the amount of metal converted to gold, the total cost of gold is only $113 per ton, and the cost of gold is only $96 per ton, and the cost advantage is significant, giving the mine its natural high profitability.
The purchase price is fair compared to the gold acquisition project for the same period. The price base of this acquisition is the target mine.
The value of the mine rights assessed separately was $11.03 billion, with a discounted yield of $690 million and a purchase price of $10.03 billion. By calculating the unit resource reconciliation of the recent gold and mineral rights acquisitions in the industry, this acquisition increased significantly compared to the previous year, resulting in an increase in storage, M & A gains of $20.
The value of the unit amount of the mine ' s resources was lower, in part because the acquisition was for the right to prospecting and was not completed as a search warrant, but given the greater certainty about the future development of the mine ' s resources, the purchase was matched by the performance in mid-2023 of Shandong gold (600547.sh).
Prospectively, performance increases, gold taps are paid, performance commitments are made to safeguard shareholders ' interests, and production stocks will increase significantly.
4. Shandong Gold (600547.sh) 2022 Annual Report Review: Net profits from the realization of a profit commitment between 2031 and 2033, net of projected yield payments and without consideration of the amortization of mining rights, not less than 2,302 million yuan, 2,301 million yuan and 2,294 million yuan, respectively
The acquisition is in line with the Shandong government's gold depth report on gold mineral resources.
The east wind 2023/03/15 will lead to a significant increase in gold production and reserves in Shandong and consolidate the industry’s leader. \triangleright
Given the company's role as a domestic gold leader, the Western Ridge gold mine is expected to release further production potential, open future growth and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The company issued a public announcement on 26 January 2024 to acquire the full-owned subsidiary of the Shandong Gold Group, a controlling shareholder, the right of prospecting for gold exploration in the West Ridge village of Lei County, Shandong Province, Ltd., at a price of RMB 10.33 billion, with the first payment of a total transfer of RMB 6.71 billion, in cash for one year after the entry into force of the contract
The rest of the $3.72 billion is to be paid separately. The right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine has not yet been produced, and upon completion of this acquisition, the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine will be consolidated with the existing mine rights in the Santao Island gold mine belonging to the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Shandong Gold Mining (Lizhou) Ltd., into new mining rights and integrated exploitation.
Gold mines are currently active and will continue to be productive during the consolidation of resources.1 Western gold deposits are of high quality, yielding more than 13 tons per year of world-class gold, with synergies with the three mountain island gold mines.
The mine break-up system consists mainly of the three mountain islands - the silo fracture zone, the caricatures - the new city break zone, the distance - the flatness break, the fracture zone, and the large-scale, super-large gold deposits in the area, which are almost all produced within the three main mine break-up zones.
A key element of the mega-mining deposits, the Western Ridge gold deposits are located on Trisan Island - a severing zone in the warehouse, which simultaneously controls the northern sea (super-large), Trisan Island (super-large), Shinjia (super-large) and warehouse (the Great West Ridge gold mines are adjacent to the eastern side of the San Francisco gold mine, which is an extension of the direction and orientation of the San Francisco gold mine.
Area, with the feasibility of the integration of mineral rights, to achieve geographical concentration, with the completion of the integration, the merger of mining rights with the mining rights of the three mountain islands into one mine, and the resource advantages of the three mountain islands, where the existing infrastructure and selection systems, engineering facilities and staffing of the mines are fully utilized to achieve intensive mining and decline
Low mining costs, more efficient use of resources, and greater profitability of companies. West Ridge gold reserves are abundant and gold is of high quality. High resource size and economy is one of the most important features of West Ridge gold mining, with its main mine body being controlled at a maximum length of 1996 metres, a maximum depth of 2057 metres, and its largest body.
On the investment side, the project was designed to be a fixed asset of 1,469 million yuan, followed by an additional 3,387 million yuan in the previous fixed asset investment, with an average grade of 4.08 grams per tonne of silver and silver.
The next fixed asset investment of $537 million, the second additional fixed asset investment of $1,065 million, the Intangible Assets in the Western Ridge Gold Mine Products Programme, with an initial, medium-term and late production capacity of 3.3 million tons, the ore selection grade of 4.33 g/t, with a recovery rate of 96.08 per cent, a return rate of 97.5 per cent and a project completion rate of 97.5 per cent
The production capacity is about 13.4 tons/year, and the theoretical service is 36 years. The Western Ridge gold mine is more productive and has a longer service life. The total cost of the Western Ridge gold mine is $459.59/ton and the operating cost is 389/t ton equivalent. The total cost of gold production is only $113/g and the operating cost is only $96/g, with a significant cost advantage.
Based on the assessment of the right to prospecting for the Western Ridge gold mine, the assumed gold price for this assessment is adjusted by reference to the average gold price published by the Shanghai Gold Exchange for the last five years, which averaged $376.14/g for the last five years, and by the Shanghai Gold Exchange (au9995 et al.) according to the Mine Purchase Contract for Gold in San Francisco (au9995 et al.).
Au99999) The accumulated annual average price is $6.69/g, so that the sale price of gold is $369.45/g, and the sale price is $472.31/g if the price is reduced by the average price, based on the 26 January gold price of the Shanghai gold exchange for 479/g reference.
In conjunction with the report's information, if, based on the gold price assumption of the assessment report, the future Western Ridge gold deposit would have contributed 2,416 million yuan per year of net post-tax profits, which, according to the most recent round-up assumption of 26 January 2024, would have contributed 3,405 million yuan per year of net after-tax profits, given the prospect of a future gold price centre moving up, the Western Ridge gold mine would have a very promising future.
The purchase is based on an assessment of the value of the mine rights subject to the reduction of the value of the mine rights.
As a result, the value of the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine was assessed separately at $11.03 billion, and according to the Circular of the General Directorate of Revenues of the Ministry of Natural Resources on the Issuance of the Method of Collecting Revenues from Mining Rights, gold-mining products are subject to an annual payment of 2.3 per cent of the proceeds from the sale of mining rights and future years based on the current forecast of future revenues.
With a total of 3.53 billion yuan in mineral rights, the discounted present value of the present assessment is 690 million yuan, so the purchase price is set at $10.33 billion after deduction of the yield. By calculating the unit resource valuation of the recent mining rights acquisition in the industry, this gold buys Western Ridge gold.
The purchase price of the mine is approximately RMB 17 million per ton, taking into account the value of the gold in the maritime area in which the gold mine is involved (RMB 24 million per ton), the gold in Shandong (RMB 27 million per ton) and the gold in Central China (RMB 29 million per ton) and the value of the unit of the gold mine in question is estimated to be lower, on the one hand, due to the current situation.
The acquisition was for the right to prospecting and had not yet been carried out, but given the greater certainty of future resource development, the purchase was fairly priced.3 Performance commitments to safeguard shareholder interests would result in a significant increase in production stocks
Performance commitments are ambitious and reflect the higher profitability potential of the mines. Gold mapping is a performance commitment for the future performance of the Western Ridge gold mines. According to the Right to Mines Assessment, mineral prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mines has been converted to mining rights, and projects have been completed.
The net profit realized in 2033 less than the promised net profit after deduction of the expected yield and without taking into account the amortization of mining rights is less than the agreed net profit, the gold plot is compensated for to Shandong gold, and if the production is made earlier, the period of the promise of profit is accordingly advanced to reach the first full accounting year after the birth as the first year of the commitment period.
Implementation of the overall approval requirement for the integration of mining rights in Shandong Province has led to a significant increase in production and storage. This buyout of gold in Shandong Province, which meets the overall approval requirements of the provincial government for the integration of mineral resources in gold fields, has accelerated the consolidation of mining rights under the banner of the three mountain islands on gold-mining belts, ensuring that the right to prospecting in Western Ridge is injected into the company as soon as possible.
The right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine is the largest single gold deposits (the world-class giant) ever discovered in the country, with a wealth of resources, which, when incorporated, would further increase the company ' s gold reserves and increase the company ' s production. According to the annual report 2022, the company produced 38.7 tons of gold in 2022, and the Western Ridge mine delivered about the amount of post-partum production.
Gold production in 2022 was 34.6 per cent, gold resources in 2022 were about 143.4 tons, and Western Ridge resources accounted for 41.4 per cent of the company's resources at the end of 2022.
1) Risks of volatility in gold prices: Self-generated gold is the company ' s main product, and fluctuations in gold prices create greater uncertainty about the company ' s operating benefits, and the fall in gold prices will significantly affect the company ' s profits. 2) Risks of safe production: safety accidents lead to the company ' s loss of production or even its shutdown, which will result in the company ' s production, operation and public well-being.
The impact on the reputation of the Division is significant. (3) The risk of the build-up of capacity is not as high as expected: the acquisition is a right to prospecting, no mining licence has yet been obtained, and there are subsequent risks of less progress in the search and construction of the project than expected.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.