The rock molecules sifting the potential of a single-cooker, the company's research, the company's quick evaluation, the home appliances, the small appliances.
Chen Welch, Wang Mokang, Su-yang.
Stone technology officially released Molecular Sifter h1 on February 28, innovatively using Molecular Sifter Dryer technology to achieve 37°C low-temperature drying and maximum protective clothing through self-research molecular sifting, on-board module + two-cycle windway systems.
The dryer is close to 40 billion in size, the demand for dry clothes is widespread and the industry is growing, but there are still some unmet needs. 3) Reference stones are at the municipal level in the robotics industry, assuming that the market rate of stones in the drying-up machine is the same as in the interior of the country, they are expected to make a contribution that is comparable to the current volume of sales in the machine, and help companies are building new growth curves. 4) Stone technology has always been one.
A technology-based innovation company, with a strong product-making capacity, is expected to help build a new growth curve by introducing a molecular sifting machine into the 10 billion dry-up market. The company is expected to return net profits of 11.9, 14.3 and 1.70 billion to its mother in 2022-2024, and the rock-sifting molecules are innovative, with many leading industries.
1. Innovation 1: Molecular sifting is used for the first time, with maximum protection of clothing. Traditional drying is usually done with heat pumps, condensation, etc. Dry clothing, which requires active heat sources to heat up the air, with hot wind drying, causing damage to the fabric of fibres such as wool, silk, etc. Subscanting drying is achieved by the adsorption capacity of the material itself. Molecular sifting is a process that is largely made of silicon and aluminium connected through oxygen bridges.
Aluminium silicate material, whose structure has good adsorbence, often in the form of humid wheels, is applied to a professional humid programme at the industrial level. Stone-washing machines absorb water by importing humid air into drums into molecular sifts, while another windway removes water from molecular sifting and restores its humid capacity. In this way, rock h1 only needs to be cool enough to dry, so that it drys wool, silk, etc.
2) Innovative point 2: Flutter collection, self-cleaning, and intellectual upgrading. The usual moisturizers, although automatic collection of wool, still need manual cleaning. Stone h1 is equipped with a fur filtering system that allows automatic collection and automatic flushing of wool. In addition, rock h1 is smart.
Automatically sensed weight, automatically calculated laundry fluids and sourizers, with a large amount of free hands. With many innovative features in hand, the stone-brushing unit is priced at $5999 and the value of the product is more pronounced. According to the Ovi Clouds Network, in 2022, the cost of the country's washing machine was $4360, with an average price of approximately $3374 on the line and an average price of $6258 under the line; and over $6,000 on the line.
With 12.1% of the dryer and 59.9% below the line, the price of the stone dryer is only at the industry level, and given the innovative function of the stone dryer, the value of the product is more pronounced. The domestic dryer is about 26 billion in size, and the need for dry clothes is widespread, but the pain is not met.
The washing machine has developed rapidly in the country and has become the largest category of washing machine in the country. According to the Ovi Clouds Network, the number of washing machine units in the country reached 26 billion in 2022, a decline of 17 per cent compared to the previous year, and the share in the washing machine reached 37.9 per cent/-3 pct, the largest segment of the washing machine. The drying of the drying machine in its actual application caused by the larger decline in the size of the drying machine in 2022.
The price of an independent dryer is not cheap, the industry averaged $6,176 in 2021, and the price was higher than that of a dryer with a laundry function. The high price of an independent dryer with a high rate of growth and a dryer with a dryer in 2022 suggests that our dryer is in high demand, but the market is not good.
Figure 8: Decline in the size of the dryer in 2022: Figure 9: Rapid growth in the size of the independent dryer in our country: Average cost of the independent dryer is higher than that of the dryer
Molecular sifting machines are expected to be the path to the development of stone-scanning robots in the field of ground-scanning robotics, where stone technology is later, but with excellent product performance, companies are the second largest industry, with more than 20% of the city. In the area of baking machines, we believe that stone-scanning technology is also expected to succeed in the field of ground-scanning machines, with the powerful support of molecular sifting technology.
According to Oviunnet, the number of stone-scanners on the line in 2022 was 21.3%, and the number of sub-markets was 4.7%. If the company were able to obtain the same market share in the area of a drying-up machine, the contribution of a drying-up machine to the company’s revenue is expected to be comparable to the current volume of sales in the machine.
Land is stronger, considering only the share of the market that replaced the waist brand, and it is still possible to achieve the pre-record sweep. Investment proposal: maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The market for 10 billion dryers is expected to help companies develop a new growth curve. The forecast of profits is maintained, with companies expected to return to their net profits in 2022-2024 increasing competition in their industries; overseas expansion below expectations; and sales of new products falling short of expectations.
Stone Technology (688169.sh) 2021 & First Quarterly Review 2022: Strong Growth in Collections and Quarterly Profit Ring Improvement - Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author