Two new ground sweepers to expand the price belt, watch the share continue to rise, and two new ground sweepers to widen the price belt, watch the share continue to rise, maintain the “buy-in” rating.
On 21 March, a new flagship full base g20 was released, with a full upgrade of product strength, with a price of $4999 and a price of $5599 for the upper and lower water version: the company issues a value-for-money version of a new base site p10, applies a two-circle roll-over, moves to the tow sheet, digs down to $3299, and sets a price of $3899 for the upper and lower water version. The company continues to expand the price.
• New item g10 is expected to take a share of the value of the value of the sex ratio, new flagship item g20 functions continue to rotate, rock g20 continues to overlap across dimensions of performance parameters: (1) innovation application of two-swipe swipes, 6,000 pa big suction; innovation application of four-sector double-swipe, mopping, master brush double lift. (2) application of structure light ranging + ai awareness
No, 42 barriers can be identified. (3) Base stations add self-drying mops, upgrade double scratch strips, and auto-cleaning liquids. Stone p10 features are prominent: (1) sorbent 5,500 pa, which rotates the field using a two-disk to increase the length of the drag cleanup. (2) better g10's aai recognition barrier, p10 is adjusted to multisensor integration barrier (3).
An increase in auto-drying tows compared to g10s, with less silver ion disinfection, and a base station from cleaning down to disassembly wash. Since 2023, Cavos has released a new series of 20 series of four products, and the industry is expected to reverse in 618. Compared to Cavost 10omni and cloud whales j3, with p10 in prices.
The advantages of suction, drag-rolling, mop-drill smart lifts are obvious, and it is expected that the fresh dryer h1 will be released, a second growth curve will be constructed and the company’s valuation will be raised, according to avc, 26.5 billion dryer/dryer retail sales in 2022.
6.61 million retail/1.2 million. The company ' s molecular sifting unit h1 opened on March 20th.
Keep an eye on the volume of rock h1 being released, building a second-growth curve. The company’s continued expansion of the price belts of the floor cleaners, the steady recovery of demand – the company’s update report. Expanding the new black technology class and the re-harvesting of product technology for market recognition is expected to boost the company’s return to stock valuation.
Launching Molecular Sifter H1, Research and Development for New Capability Values Upgrade - Corporate Updates
Quantum logic is steadily realized - company update 1, two-disk moped new product g10 is expected to capture a share of value for money, and flagship new product g20 functions continue to be upgraded
On 21 March, the company issued a new product g20 for the flagship full base station, with a full increase in product strength, with a price of $4999 and a price of $5599 for the upper and lower water version: the company issued a new product p10 for the full base site.
Figure 1: New ground sweeper g20, new product g20, new product p10, new product g20 stone g20, continuous at various dimensions of product capacity: (1) innovative application of swirling double coatings, 6,000 pa heavy suction: innovative application of sector 4 double-sweeping ground, mopping, master brush double lift. (2) application of structure light ranging + ai-sight
No, you can identify 13 types of 42 barriers. (3) Base stations add self-dry mops, upgrade double scratch strips, and automatically add clean fluids.
(ii) Ai recognition barrier at g10s, with p10 adjusted to multisensor integration. (3) Base stations at g10s, increased auto-dry mopping, reduced silver ion disinfection, and self-cleaning with a disassembly wash.
Launch of the 2023 new series t20 series of full-power base stations, including t20prolus, t20pro, t20max, t204 machines, 55°C hot water wash-up tow functions, sorbent of 6,000 pa, rotation of land with two discs, 3d structure, taking into account the use of two discs of ground rubbing with Kovos, cloud whales, etc.
The brands of the main two-circle rubbed fields are comparable. Compared to the competitive Cowardst10omni, cloud whalesj3, stone p10 has an advantage in terms of price, sorbency, drag-rolling speed, towing smart lifts, base station performance, and maximum tow area, and is expected to capture a market share of the price.
2- The fresh baking machine h1 is expected to reach the stage of oral transmission, rapid start-up, construction of the company's second-growth curve, construction of the company's second-growth curve, taking into account the company's value enhancement, the company's first molecule sifting unit h1 on March 20th, payment of pre-sale tails, start of shipment, reference office
The Division’s headlines g10 have been sold since the pre-sale phase, and received in kind, with a good product experience, a high volume of slogans, rapid start-up, and the release of rock h1. According to avc, 2022, the baking machine/is expected to be marketed at a premium based on molecular sifting techniques + colour + high value + value + value + higher value for sex.
Figure 2: Stone Molecular Sifter h1 focuses on low-temperature dry-dry black technology,3 profit predictions and investment proposals.
A new group of “low-temper dry” dryer dryers is expected to solve user pains with black technology and to build a second corporate growth curve: the company's continued deep-farming technology, re-harvesting market recognition of its product R & D capabilities, favouring the company's return to new sales less than expected; the price risk of raw materials; and the demand for high overseas inflation less than expected.