The company plans to launch a molecular sifting machine h1, which will focus on self-study of black technology, and maintain a "buy-in" rating.
On February 24, the company released a rock-molecular sifting machine h1, the third drying technology in the industry that was developed by the lead hit company, and innovatively introduced black technology adsorbing units - molecular sifting of clothing, fast-difficulting of new H1 products and high-powered online marketing experience to protect new products.
In terms of technical routes, rock h1 is smaller in size and more silent than the heat pump, with a higher rate of condensed drying and protective clothing. In terms of product properties, rock h1 is powerful and the main molecules are sifted and dry. (1) Self-research molecules are sifted and sorbent over a large area. (2) Self-research dual-cycle wind circuit systems, warm wind circulation, low temperature.
Soft bake. (3) The dd-drilling power is more sophisticated and more dynamic. (4) rr wash algorithms, combining five ntc smart sensors to achieve 10 milliseconds of precision temperature control. Stone h1 is expected to be sold online, promising to re-plug the grounder's successful marketing route. The company has a mature online marketing system and is operating successfully.
The annual laundry/dryer/drink market is 686,441.26 billion yuan, expanding the space. The technological end of the product continues to make breakthroughs, the value of the company's innovative capabilities is raised, and the company dares to innovate in the mature white power industry and to launch revolutionary products, re-testing the company.
Innovative genes. From the company ' s first land-scan robot in 2016, which was built with lds laser-radar navigation technology, the new product g10pure is priced at a price to the company ' s third drying technology, the molecules sifting and drying, and the technological innovation breakthrough is sustained.
Quantum logic is steadily being realized — in terms of the company's information update system, the company's future laboratory, the École de l'Ai, the Institute of Mechanical Technology, the PV Institute's perfect layout, the accumulation of technology at the end of mechanical design, fluid design, software algorithms; and the continuous investment of research and development at the end of the process of deepening it.
Launched in the Overseas Land Sweeps Series S8, Production Barriers, corporate R & D inputs in the first half of 2022 amounted to 7.7 per cent of revenue, an increase of 0.2 pct compared to 2021.
Business Stability Period - Corporate Information Update Report