New item g10 price increases, steady realization of price-for-value logic.
On February 16, the company released a new product, g10spure. Compared to g10s, the g10pure is upgrading performance configurations while pricing lower and higher value prices, widening the product lines of the all-power-based stations, clearing the ground for price-for-value logic and steady pricing of the new product, g10pure is lower than g10s, looking at the need for further price reductions.
The functional parameters of the new g10pure product are further upgraded compared to g10s. On pricing, the sale price of the g10pure version without the automatic up-and-down suit is $3999, which is lower than the sale price of the g10s, which is $4099. (1) Add a new label to dry-trawling functions at the base station. (2) Host-loading has increased from 5100 pa to 5,500 pa.
(3) Introduction of a multi-sensor integration barrier with a completely new rmasson10. (4) The market for sales on the monthly line is 2.3% and the ring ratio is +2.1pcts. Given that g10s sells on the 2022 line the first single volume, the price reduction is expected to release a greater demand, the value of the new product is higher, and the company's full-power station line is higher.
Further widening of the base of g10s, g10sauto, and g10spro is expected to support the rising share. The share of internal sales has risen steadily, the demand for external sales has recovered steadily, and the profitability of companies is expected to remain stable.
At a competitive level, cloud whales have not yet launched their full-power station products and their shares continue to be lost; tracking sales costs in 2023 will be more prudent to release; and, driven by competition slowdowns, the introduction of new products, old products for price swaps, 2023.
The German-speaking Community is expected to continue to grow steadily through the establishment of its own distribution channels, with a combination of low-lying performance upgrades resulting from the impact of low-end machinery - corporate information update report.
Business Stability Period - Corporate Information Update Report - High Sales in O2, Reverse Growth in America and Asia, Increased Investment Efficiency - Corporate Information Update Report