Launch of the Overseas Land Sweeps Series 8 and overall improvement of product performance.
At the 2023ces exhibition, the company released new overseas land sweeper items S8, S8+, S8proultra and Landwasher new products dyad Euros, the full-power base station funds – €8proultra ($1599.99/€1499), and the land scrubber dyadpro pricing US$ 449.99. The series S8 will be marketed in April 2023 (United States of America) and March 2023 (Germany).
The new product of the Division is strong, and it is expected to lead to higher rates of external sales, which are expected to continue to increase in the market. We have increased the power of the Vi.S8 product series around high tensile, hair-cleaning, intelligent shielding and base station-fullness. In terms of product performance, the S8 series has increased the volume of sorption, hair-cleaning, intelligent shielding capabilities and base stations.
All-power: (1) suction from 5100 pa to 6,000 pa. (2) vibrating ground module has been improved twice. (3) upgrading from single rubber brushes to the new dual rubber brush system to more effectively counter hair tangles. (4) double brushes and mops can be lifted automatically. (5)ai reaction avoidance is upgraded to 3d reaction avoidance, capable of identifying and cleaning.
Puppet faeces. (6) S8proultra-based stations add a hot wind drying function.
(1) North America: s7maxvoltra continues to be sold hot in the American channel, with single sales expected to account for about 30% of brand sales, pulling company sales + 50% over the 2022 U.S.-A.-Black Five plus One period, and the company US-A.C. accounts for about 25%, which is expected to increase steadily compared to the narrow harvest.
Intra-q3 sales, higher income expectations in North America and higher net interest rates are expected to increase from the cleaners penetration rate. (4) Intra-market sales: the company’s share rose to 23% (+4pcts) over the 11-year period.
In 2023, the land-cleaning industry will be facing an upturn in sales, and the logic of an upswing in penetration will be played out. Investment efficiency gains – corporate information update report, “America inflation improvement, overseas consumption, or recovery.”
Improved elasticity of sales -- company update