Outsourcing performance exceeded expectations, and the domestic market was close to catching up: on February 27, rock and stone technology released a 2022 fast report. The company, 2022q4, estimated a real current revenue of 2,236 million yuan, or +11.3 per cent, and expected net return profit of 338 million yuan, or -12.4 per cent.
On the domestic market, data from the Ovi cloud network show that the sales of stone q4 on the domestic line have increased by +12% over the same period, that the growth of the ring has slowed, and that we expect to be largely affected by the epidemic and by a higher base over the same period. q4 on the overseas market has boosted the growth of external sales, with European market channels added.
Fast-tracking of stocks, we expect a much smaller income on a year-on-year basis; the United States market, high-end new product s7maxv, continues to sell well, and we expect to remain fast-growing; and the Asia-Pacific market: we expect a steady overall growth.
For 23 years, in the overseas market, the corporate European market is expected to cool down, and the US market share is rising even further; in the domestic market, we expect the clearing industry to be expected to close in this year against the backdrop of a recovery in consumption + a rise in cleaners dominated by long + a price-for-value exchange, and the company is expected to put in the industry as the head of a domestic sweeper.
For 23 years, we think that this year ' s hedging losses will have an impact on the elimination of the cost of sales in a stable industry pattern.
In the medium and long term, the land sweep track is still growing globally and the rock is global.
The potential for continued expansion of the market’s share is greater than overseas production, supply chains, iterative innovation, etc., and has a global competitive advantage. The national champions of stone technology, Corves, etc., have been evaluated by the company StoneTech (688169.sh): Self-incorporated.
The share of the country is expected to continue to rise as national product plates are further developed in overseas market channels. 4. Stone technology (688169.sh) company reviews: inward sales reports for two years: rapid income growth, moderate performance
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.