q4 has performed smoothly, cutting into a new area of baking, events: On the evening of 27 February 2023, stone technology issued a performance forecast for 2022, 2022 stone technology (688169.sh)
The company is expected to achieve operating income of $6.629 billion, compared to +13.56 per cent, a steady increase in the net return to the mother q4 battalion, and a steady increase in the market share and average prices.
According to the Ovi Clouds Network, 22 years of company star product g10s sweeps the floor robots, cumulative sales on the domestic market of singles amounting to 2,646 thousand, sales amounting to nearly $1.2 billion.
The market share of the company’s land-cleaning products rose further, with sales on the 22-year q4 line accounting for about 16% at an average price of close to $4,000, market position steadily upwards, and high-end strategies continued to work overseas.
The region may continue to be under pressure from the conflict in Russia, and the United States is growing brightly, for example, as evidenced by a 27 million dollar break in sales at the Amazon American site Black Five, a year-on-year increase due to exchange rate fluctuations and increased competition. At the profit end, q4 is 22 years.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright may be due mainly to: 1) loss of earnings from forward locking by companies due to the effects of sharp changes in foreign exchange markets; 2) weakening of the domestic and external consumer market environment, but constant competition by similar companies
In the domestic market, companies have recently continued to roll out new items, such as g10pure, while upgrading their capabilities and increasing their prices.
Competitiveness: In overseas markets, stone technology at the ces 2023 Exposition released a new series S8, upgrading dust-drawn capacity, shielding algorithms, and base station functions to enhance high-end positioning. While determined to be a major cleaner, companies also actively seek second-curve growth, February 24th.
The heavy weight of solar stone technology, the Molecular Scatterer h1, is expected to bring new market variables to the net industry by cutting new technologies into the fast-growing baking track.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
He worked in the tp-link hardware development department for the development of commercial communications equipment.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.