São Paulo shares (300661), e-performance is over-expected, and the two product lines go hand in hand with the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of 920 million yuan, an increase of 96.7 per cent over the same period; net profit of 260 million yuan, an increase of about 149.2 per cent over the same period; company performance was over-expected, with two major lines of business products moving in tandem.
Source management/signal chain products generated revenues of $64.35 billion each, increasing by the same amount as in the previous year The integrated circuit industry is experiencing production pressures and persistent core deficiencies, adding up to the high downstream demand and a sharp increase in corporate performance.
2) At the profit end, the company realized a significant increase of 96.7% in the year-on-year, with a net return to the mother down by 3.7 pp. The “three fees” fell in the year-on-year and cost controls were good. More than 1,600 items were sold, the product covered signal chains and power management.
The performance and quality of the same products of the world-class model chip manufacturer are achieved because of the characteristics of the simulation chip, the public goods are in the areas of consumer electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobile electronics, and new and emerging products such as the Internet, new energy sources, smart clothes, artificial intelligence, intelligent homes, intelligent manufacturing, 5g communications, etc.
There are applications in the area of electronics. The Fables model facilitates the allocation of financial resources, focuses on R & D inputs, and the national production replacement era is expected to achieve the same value range within 52 weeks.
The São Paulo stock shares use the business model of the Fables, which concentrates the company's resources on chip design and marketing, reduces spending on expensive production plants and equipment, and allows the company to concentrate its financial resources better on chip setting and R & D. The company is also developing industry leading costs and personnel inputs for its future.
China’s demand for simulations is very high, but there is still much room for national alternative production targets. As a national production simulation leader in a chip industry with a significant flagship effect, the public sector is expected to enjoy a national production replacement dividend.
The São Paulo shares were established in 2007 and listed on a deep-seated business board in 2017 (300661.sz), an enterprise focused on high-performance, high-quality analogue integrated circuit development and marketing, and the only one currently listed on a market that focuses on simulation chips.
Semiconductor enterprises that account for sales and fully cover signal chains and power management. The generic simulation of São Paulo shares is good in performance and quality and can be widely applied to smartphones, pad, digital television, dvd, digital cameras, laptops, wearing equipment, a variety of consumer electronics, and vehicle-borne electronics, industrial controls, medical equipment, testers.
As a national simulation of the ic, the company's products are of a full variety. After many years of research and development, São Paulo shares have been built into a group of high-performance, high-quality simulation chip products of autonomous core technologies, covering both the signal chain and the power source of the simulation integrated circuit management. As of December 2020, the company had accumulated 70 patents and registered integrated circuit layouts.
At the same time, the company still sells at the rate of two or three hundred new products per year, with more than 1,600 products in the 25 major categories. It continues to invest a significant amount of research and development costs in issuing new products. The company’s products have met the performance and quality of the world’s world-class model chip manufacturer’s similar products, some of which are critical.
Corporate products are widely used in consumer-type electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical devices, automobiles and electronics, as well as in new and emerging electronics such as networking, new energy sources, smart clothing, artificial intelligence, smart homes, smart manufacturing, and 5g communications. From 2008 to date, companies have been continuously evaluated for “10 Chinaic Design Corporation brands”
In addition to expanding its cooperation with existing suppliers, companies have increased their input from new suppliers with a view to increasing capacity, increasing output and easing delivery pressures. Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, actively promote their products, and make full use of their products.
According to the country's White Paper “China manufactures 2025”, published in 2015, China's chip self-sufficiency rate is 40% by 2020 and is expected to be reached by 2025.
70%. But China’s share of domestic production in market demand has never exceeded 20%. According to 2020 data, our share of national production is at least 24% of market space, with a market share of $34.3 billion. As an important track in integrated circuits, there is a vast substitute for national production of simulated chips.
While São Paulo shares have accumulated experience in the development and marketing of analogue power management chips and signal chain products over decades, they have developed a comprehensive product line that compares the products of the world’s advanced modelic company, creating a virtuous combination of suppliers and customers up and down and promising market dividends in the era of national substitution.
The company follows the Fables business model. Under the Fables model, the manufacturer concentrates its resources on chip design and marketing, only by organizing research and development teams and building test laboratories, and outsourcing the chip manufacturing and containment tests to other crystal circle and seal testing plants, thus avoiding the need to purchase expensive production plants and equipment, so that companies can reduce their exposure to expensive production plants and plants.
Expenditure on equipment, better concentrating financial resources on chip design and R & D. And the Fables model makes manufacturers more market-sensitive, quick to sense changes in demand for market products and responsive to market demand for timely products.
The company ' s management is strong and its equity is concentrated over the years, contributing to the company ' s long-term stability. q1 as of 2021,