Production and sales have continued to grow, and the value-fixing advantage of the industrial chain has gradually emerged.
In the first half of 2020, the company sold 2,469 million silicon tablets, an increase of 14.98 per cent in the same year; the sales component of 6.58gw, an increase of 106.04 per cent in the same year, which contributed to the expansion of the company’s revenue base; and, in the context of lower product prices in the first half of the year, the company’s silicon and component industries had a significant reduction effect, with a Māori ratio of 34.08 per cent and 13.7 per cent, respectively, an increase of 2.8 per cent and 0.9 ppt. respectively. Considering that freight costs under the new guidelines would be amortized from sales costs to costs,
The resulting significant decline in the cost of sales, lower interest payments and lower financial costs associated with exchange rate gains, as well as the increase in investment returns resulting from power station transfers and financial management, combined with a net return of $4.116 billion to the company during the first half of the year, an increase of 104.83 per cent.
Since July 2020, due to tight supply of silicon, company silicon prices have been on the rise, with g1/m6 prices raised from 2.53 and 2.62 pieces at the end of June to $3.10 and 3.25 tablets (about 23 per cent), with silicon changing by $3/kg, silicon changing by 0.05 bucks/silicon by fully transmitting cost pressures downstream, showing companies' strong pricing capacity in silicon chains. At the same time, silicon and glass are targeted.
The company recently signed a long purchase contract for silicon and photovoltaic glass with the silicon industry in Asia and southern Bolivia, and secured a stable supply of raw materials through a project to build a 10gw photovoltaic component frame for the subsidiary flat coal lonki. > Emission accelerated arrival and product restructuring accelerated. As of mid-2020, the company had silicon and component capacity, respectively, 55 and 25gw, while the company was finished.
In terms of product structure, the company has completed the conversion of 166 large-sized production capacity and has gradually advanced the transformation of 182 large-sized production capacity, which is expected to become the main source of goods this year, while 182 dimensions are expected to be phased out as of next year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Global photovoltaic jets, such as the new coronary epidemic, are less than expected; the risk of changes in technology routes; and the risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials, among others. \triangleright Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.