- Half-yearly review of Lungi shares (601012.sh).
The output of components increased by 8gw, by 124.59%, and the external sales of 6.58gw, by 106.04% in the first half of the year.
The share of external sales has declined and domestic market demand has been relatively strong. The first half of the year witnessed a consecutive decline in the price of components, which fell by about 15%, and a small recovery in the price of high-power components in August, while the price of batteries has recently returned slightly, opening up profit margins.
With the epidemic under control, the demand for overseas loading is expected to increase in the second half of the year, with 11.5gw in the first half of the country, roughly the same as last year, with the total size of the bid list in 2020 at 26gw, which is expected to be close to 40gw for the entire year.
The output of silicon large-scale production has been smooth and profitable. The 2020h1 company single crystal silicone business has achieved 2,469 million pieces of silicon sold abroad, an increase of 14.98 per cent over the same period, and the ratio of external sales has declined.
It is planned to complete the conversion of m6 silicon production capacity and to move forward with the conversion of m10 capacity, which is expected to remain in the future. The first half of the year, when the epidemic affected the low demand for lower-loading machines, saw silicon prices drop by 28 per cent, silicon supply tightened in the second half of the year, whole-chain price increases, have largely recovered to their early levels, and recent increases have stabilized.
The concentration of the industry will increase, with the arrival of a peak demand in the second half of the year, and the share of corporate silicon outlet sales will increase and the prices will rise.
55gw, component capacity 25gw, 31 per cent and 79 per cent higher than at the end of 2019. 1) For the reporting period, single crystalline silicon production line, Shun II (10gw), single crystal silicone line production line, Sakayama II (6gw), Le Giang II, Lungji Annual Stock Exchange Report: High Performance Rate
(6gw) Full production, expected to continue during the year with Silicone Stick plus Slicing Line (15gw), Silicone Stick Plus Slicing Line (10gw) and Silicone Fist (10gw).
Since the supply ratio increased, the Ningxia production line (5gw), the Xian Space Base (7.5gw) and the Proximity of Capacitation Expansion (Supreme Leader) 2019-11-01 (5gw) were launched in July and Gujin (1.25gw) in Malaysia is expected to start production during the reporting period.3
The construction of the component line was over-expected, with the second (5gw), Xianyang (5gw) and semi-annual reviews of the Lungi shares during the reporting period: over-performance, completion of the second phase (5gw) in Xiangzhou, and launch of the 2020q4 project (5gw) in June.
The monocrystal giants led the growth of the industry. 2019-08-29.30 full-time acquisition of Ning Boye will result in the addition of a battery capacity of about 3gw and a component capacity of about 7gw in Vietnam. 22gw, 15gw, 16gw are expected to be added in 2020.
At the end of the year, total capacity will be above 75gw, 25gw, and 30gw. Three fees will be significantly improved, and the delivery structure will affect cash flow performance. 2020h1 company cost rates, pct., financial cost rates (-0.3%, a 1.43pt decrease from the same year) will decrease, while management costs (3.83%),
Investment strategy: The company is a leading domestic monocrystal silicon silicon company, with steady improvement in silicon and component performance, rapid expansion of production, guaranteed high levels of product production, and active construction of industry chain layouts that match upstream and downstream, solidised industry with billions of yuan and $92.7 billion, attributable to net profits of shareholders in listed companies of $8.25 billion and $10.73 billion, respectively
Foreign companies in the energy sector have worked for three years, and have been involved in several nuclear, fire, oil, gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with extensive experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, and industrial policy research.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.