The second half of the month of 2020, with a revenue of $20.4 billion, a 43 per cent increase in the same year, net profits, silicon silicon high-efficiency expansion plus component operations, boosted income profits: the company sold silicon in the first half of the year.
The sale of 2.47 billion tablets (+15 per cent of the same year) and 1.49 billion home-grown tablets (+87 per cent of the same year) had reached 55gw in 2020h1 silicon tablets, an increase of more than 30 per cent from the end of 2019, while the first half of the year saw an increase in the volume of external sales of components from the external global layout to the internal management upgrade of operations, which will mark the harvest year this year.
In particular, in the context of the global epidemic, the strengths of the corporate customer structure and management capacity have been significantly expanded.
At the same time, the company is expected to achieve steady and high excess profits in the silicon, component areas, in addition to the growth in output far beyond industry in the context of the rapid increase in the concentration of components.
Over the years, competition among photovoltaic firms has largely centred on costs, but as battery conversion efficiency has continued to improve on the upgrading of material performance requirements and the large customer structure at the end of a power station in the context of affordable Internet access.
We have observed that companies are showing significant sales premiums in both silicon and component links: silicon ends, applications of silicone technology make the company's products more common.
Significant premium for products: Component end, in this year's statistically available domestic collection of companies winning the bid, companies are largely the highest bidder among the winning firms for all non-single firms. 5. q4 Renovation high, promising performance in 2020
At the same time, the company has in recent years entered into several long purchase orders for core raw materials, which have recently been signed on a scale even to the level of the sale (i.e., to cover the suppliers ' current full supply capacity), taking into account at least 1.5 in the future.
During the year, silicon and glass will all be in a tight supply position, companies will either be buying advantage or will be magnified, and second- or third-line firms will most likely face the embarrassment of not being able to fill their productive capacity by not buying raw materials (or buying them at a higher premium).
The classic analytical framework for light-volatile manufacturing, which is anchored in the cash cost of marginal production capacity, may be partially ineffective, the gap in supply security or the real cost level that will significantly boost marginal production capacity, adding up the sales end premium, is expected to lead to sustained stability and high excess profits for Lungi.
Taking into account the current progress in building the company ' s productive capacity, the increase in sales to complete the acquisition of Vietnamese capacity, and the increase in profitability resulting from the expansion of the company ' s respective strengths, we significantly increased the company ' s net profit score for 2020-2022e, and then calculated the final rating on average, as an average investment in the market.