In the semi-annual report of 2020, the company achieved business income of 201.1 billion yuan, an increase of 42.73 per cent over the reporting period, and a net return to the mother of 4.116 billion yuan, an increase over the same period.
In the first half of 2020, the photovoltaic sector experienced short-term demand disruptions, inadequate supply of industrial chains, longer logistics transport times, and reduced overall capacity utilization, but the industry was “massy” in effect.
Since then, the growth of production capacity has accelerated the build-up of planned capacity, with single crystals, silicon silicon having an annual capacity of 55 gw, and single crystal components having an annual capacity of 25 gw, an increase of 30.95% and 78.57%, respectively, from the end of 2019.
The sales of single crystal assemblies and silicon tablets increased significantly on the same basis. During the reporting period, companies achieved 2,469 million external sales of single crystal silicon tablets, an increase of 14.98 per cent over the same period; stock sales of single crystal components, 6,578mw, an increase of 106.04 per cent over the same period; and operating income and net profit returns of the parent grew by the same percentage.
In the first half of 2020, the non-silicon cost of company products was further reduced, core key quality indicators continued to improve, silicon quality and cost continued to lead the industry, and battery and component product quality and cost changed.
Good news is evident. Six other firms in the company ' s conglomerate of crystals, crystals and atlas, together, have initiated the development of a standard size of the next generation of silicon, batteries, and component products, using the 182 mm*182 mm silicon (m10) standard, to promote industry ' s supply chain based on uniform standards.
During the reporting period, the company introduced a new version of the he-mo5 component for super-large ground power stations, based on m10 single crystal silicon tablets, of which type 72 has a power of up to 540w.
Under a product-led strategy, companies continued to invest more in R & D, continued to promote efficiency gains, product technology, cost and market “leading”, and expanded suppliers’ lists and guaranteed stable supply of multi-crystal silicon materials.
The company issued a public announcement establishing a long-term purchase agreement for multi-crystal silicon with the Asian silicon industry, with a contract for the procurement of multi-crystal silicon from 1 September 2020 to 31 August 2025.
(excluding taxes), about 40.61% of the company’s audited operating costs in 2019 (this estimate does not constitute a price commitment). At this stage, the company resigns the planned target of 75gw annual production of single crystal silicon at the end of the year, with the approximate event, against the background of the unexpected supply of silicon.
The expansion of the company ' s capacity will result in more multi-crystal silicon suppliers signing with the company long-term single-crystal silicon pricing strategies that are clear and help to stabilize market expectations. On August 25, the latest offer for 175 m thickness (1 66/223 mm) was $3.25 per piece, monocrystal silicon p type
158.75/223m175m thick silicon silicon silicon. The latest offer is $3.10 per silicon. In particular, the company explained that silicon prices changed at a later stage due to recent frequent and large changes in silicon prices. 3/kg, the silicon silicon prices will be adjusted to 0.05/pc accordingly.
It is clear that it will help to stabilize market expectations and safeguard the company’s reasonable profits. Faced with a complex industry environment, corporate growth is once again expected to be higher, and we believe that the company’s business goal of achieving business income of $49.6 billion in 2020 is likely to be an event.
For the next three years, net profits for companies are projected to be divided into global macroeconomic fluctuations between 2020 and 2022; international trade protection risks; and increased competition in the industry.
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: