The new starting point is the "tops" and the application of innovation for new growth.
• The company marches into the bipv market, where competitive advantages are concentrated, and where innovation is applied to drive industrial development. On July 13, the company’s first product, the bipv product, was down the line and will be officially launched on August 8. We believe that the bipv market will open up new growth space for the company, while serving as a global silicon and component dragon.
The head of the company, the company’s march to the bipv market, also suggests that downstream applications of innovation will be the main driving force behind industry’s development. With a significant increase in photovoltaic consumption properties, the power of the plant’s commodity brands becoming more important in the competition of the market, leading firms are expected to increase their presence in the industry through a combination of advantages, and concentration is expected to increase further.
The company’s cash flow is expected to increase as a result of a gradual increase in the income share of the product. We maintain the company’s profitability projections, using business markets as an opportunity to tap into the gold bipv market.
The company currently owns three fully automated production lines and one research and development line, with a full-line delivery schedule of about 1 gw per year. The new product is tailored to the characteristics and needs of the business roof.
Innovative designs and performance upgrades are more in line with the technological requirements of integrated roofs. Compared to traditional building materials, there has been an overall improvement in the maintenance of heat, wind and water protection, fire protection against impact, light quantification, and life expectancy.
With the advent of the GPR era, distribution is expected to develop rapidly, while the bipv represents a wide market space for products. Bipv has reliable and stable long-term power generation and profitability, representing the city's First Corporate Cover Report - Lungi Stock Depth
With 700 million square metres of new industrial land added to the country each year, with 1mw for 110,000 square metres of land, the maximum scenario is that the industrial plant will have 64gw market space. And if we consider our new global photovolve maker each year, we will lead clean energy.
The market resulting from an additional residential area of about 700 million square metres will be further expanded downstream in bipv.