Increasing the supply of silicon, sharing upstream profits, consolidating competitive advantages, issuing an announcement based on the strategic alliance between the company and the Tonway shares signed on 3 June 2019, further strengthening cooperation to establish long-term stable multi-crystal silicon supply and demand with Tonway.
The intention to cooperate is to: 1) increase the production of new energy from the current real annual production capacity of 35,000 tons to 75,000 tons, with a 15% share share ratio after the replenishment: 2) Lungi proposes to invest 49% of Yunnan Tongwei shares (40,000 tons of productive capital owners) in the joint venture between the two parties.
(3) Priority procurement/supply guarantees based on an annual target of 10.18 million tons of silicone, pre-natal delivery of new production capacity in the joint venture, and priority attention to the 2020-2021 silicone requirement in Tontowe; increased capital intervention to further enhance the supply security of silicone:
According to the company's silicon expansion plan and our projections, the production of silicon tablets in Lungi 2020-2022 is expected to be about 65, 90, 120 gw or more, respectively, taking into account the silicon films.
2. Photovolons will hit Davies again and again, and the target will be raised, and the demand for silicon will exceed 17, 22, 280,000 tons, respectively, to meet industry-wide requirements for silicon.
3. "Continue to run on the fast track of profitable growth - Ryu, taking into account that there will be almost no substantial new production of silicon in the coming year (and the continued growth of silicon production),
The price increase for silicon material in the second half of this year or the opening of a cycle of supply of silicon that may be 1.5-2 years old.
This intervention may be accompanied by further improvements in its own supply security, or it may be expanded again as compared to 5. “Expert production deployments, subside cities, avoid trade barriers.” The niche of competitors in the silicon sector in raw materials procurement.
By the end of the six-month period, the Lungi account had a monetary fund of $18.7 billion and an asset-liability rate of 53 per cent, all of which were at industry leadership levels, sufficient cash and low debt ratios to support the company's own rapid expansion.
It will enable companies to make strategic investments in niche firms that are key links up and down the chain, and this investment in “cost/technology best firms” will enable companies to share in the profits of niche firms in the chain and broaden the profits of companies, in addition to providing stronger supply security for the company, as mentioned earlier.
Source, and at the same time, further strengthen the competitive edge of companies in terms of cost structures and even technological leadership (e.g., critical consumption materials, equipment, etc.). Considering the expansion of companies’ investment in upstream silicon and the further strengthening of their leadership position, we are small.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment