At this point, based on the changes in companies, industries and markets observed in the past quarter, we have completed the acquisition of Vietnamese capacity, led the m10 standard initiative and launched a he-to-
The mo5 power component is an important marginal over-expected change at the company level for almost six months. On 30 June, the company formally signed an equity acquisition agreement with its counterparty to complete the acquisition of the 3gw battery plus 7gw component capacity in Viet Nam, which will help the company to fully realize its branding advantage in the short and medium term
Ingestion of high-priced United States market dividends will be an important part of the corporate internationalization strategy over the long term.
Following the release of 210 mm silicon tablets in mid-ring in August 2019 and the creation of the 500w+ super-power segment segment market, 2. " Over-expected expectations during special periods, more likely to reflect strong ones, various battery assembly companies have been issuing related packages. " Since May of this year, crystals, crystals, crystals, crystals, crystals, crystals, crystals, crystals, crystals, etc. "
Australasia, Lungi, Attass, published 500w+ component products based on 180/182 mm silicon, adding 3. "Overseas production and distribution, avoid trade barriers, the battlefield, and a m10-sized standardization initiative led by seven enterprises.
Combined consideration of the technical parameters of the product, technical reliability and the size of the supporting capacity, m10 camp 4. q4 high profitability re-innovation, promising performance in 2020.
The most efficient energy investment and production cost control achieves a certain excess profit. (Delays in the domestic market to start q3 profitable, and more importantly, from the introduction of 182 silicon and hi-mo5 components, we believe the company can do this.)
A number of important qualities needed to anchor the industry and lead its development: 1) do not lose strategic flexibility in products due to the huge capacity of the company stock: 2) fully respect diversified market demand and be able to efficiently deliver new products that meet or exceed the needs of customers. We believe that these stem from the company's genes.
And the quality of management’s sober and deep knowledge of the industry will also help companies to face potential technological changes in future batteries or other links, and even to further expand their leading edge in such changes. Some of the concerns of investors about the “first spell” of the photovolt industry will not, we believe, occur on Lungi.
At the industry level, 166-grade products are sold hot, domestic bidding projects are too large, and global parity demand is on the rise. At the market level, in an extremely fluid market environment, there is a strong case for rising photovoluntage head valuations.
(8621) 61357595 (Lightline, industry & market perspective for more details) We temporarily maintain the company ' s net profit projections for 2020-2022e of $7,85,10.4 billion (three years net gain)
1. The completion of the acquisition of Vietnamese production capacity, the leadership of the m10 standard initiative and the launch of the he-mo5 high-power component based on the standard represent important marginal and over-expected changes at the corporate level for almost half a year.
The acquisition of the South 3gw battery plus 7gw component capacity will help companies to fully leverage their brands to absorb high-priced United States market dividends in the short and medium term, and in the long term will be an important part of the corporate internationalization strategy, with potential profit contributions that will significantly exceed the target level of corporate profit commitments. (For details, see February.)
Following the release of 210 mm silicon tablets in mid-ring in August 2019 and the creation of 500w+ super-power sub-components in the city, several battery-assembly companies have been issuing related ancillary products. Since May of this year, crystals, Crystal Australia, Lungi and Artes have published 500w+ components based on 180/182 mm silicon tablets.
Joined the battlefield and led the m10-sized standardization initiative by seven enterprises. At present, it appears that the M10 campaign is based on a combination of product technical parameters (component efficiency and absolute power), technical reliability (good production & transport installation running) and the size of the supporting capacity (supply guarantee).
Industry has taken on a more prominent upper hand, and a successful definition of the market-mainstream standard is expected to lead companies to achieve a certain excess profit through the most efficient energy investment and production cost controls.  More importantly, from the introduction of the 182 silicon and he-mo5 components, we believe that the company can do this.
Some of the key qualities needed to keep the industry at the centre and lead its development: 1) strategic flexibility in products is not lost due to the size of the company (stock capacity): 2) fully respecting the needs of diversified markets and being able to efficiently deliver new products that meet or exceed the needs of customers (though this year).
The 166mm/440w components are still in absolute mainstream. We believe that these qualities, which are derived from the corporate genetics and management layer's sobering and deep knowledge of the industry, will also help the company to cope with potential technological changes in future batteries or their links, and even to further expand its leading edge in this change.
At the industry level, 166-grade products are sold hot, domestic competitive projects are expected to be larger than expected (and the resulting low-season q3 +q4 is the strongest), and the demand for global parity continues to rise.
▪ The excess profits from the hot sale of the 166mm industrial chain component 440/445w and related products, and the year-long industrial boom, with more optimistic analysis of next year’s demand, in our recent review and weekly report
With regard to the market’s net profit expectations for companies over the next two years, we believe that 2020 is expected to have a market level of 3.
▪ If the electric motors industry is going through a “0 to 1” stage of development at a very high rate, the photovoltaic industry has just achieved side price parity for power generation in most parts of the world, or is starting a “1 to 10” stage of development.  The short-term collapse in product prices due to the epidemic and the full compression of profit levels across the industrial chain.
While accelerating the improvement in the pattern of competition across the chain, it will also help the leading firms to more fully reflect the growth in profits that has not been achieved in the last two years (a combination of industry growth, changes in technology routes, and an increase in the share of the market).
▪ Photovoltaic as a typical cyclical growth industry, where long-term growth and medium-term cycles rise upwards, or provide sufficient justification for raising short-term valuations.