Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment.
The demand for fast-release and high-efficiency products is high, the sales of primary products, single crystal components and silicon, are on the same scale, the sales of large-sized silicon and high-power components are on the rise, and the stock of single crystal markets is on the rise. In the first half of 2020, companies achieved the sale of single crystal silicone.
2,469 million pieces, an increase of 14.98 per cent in the same year, and 1,489 million per year; achieved external sales of monocrystal components of 6,578mw, an increase of 106.04 per cent, and self-utilization of 222mw; achieved continuous global branding of single crystal batteries for the Division and won the sole aaa-level component of pv-tech globally
The highest/minimum (moderate) 12 months of credit has been awarded, maintaining the status of aaa-level component supplier of the only global fundability, and contributing to the development of global markets with high-quality products and services.
Lungi shares (601012), the annual Lungi shares (601012) and the quarterly reviews - research and development investment continues to grow and industry size standards are harmonized.
In the first half of 2020, corporate research and development (R & D) introduced silicon dissimilar sizes, joint crystals, Jingdu, Attas, etc.
(601012) Three-quarterly review - Performance-based and six other enterprises, co-initiated with 182 mm*182 mm silicon standard (m10) as a bright and prominent advantage.
Development of the next generation of standard dimensions of silicon, batteries and component products to facilitate industry-wide development of supply chain systems based on uniform standards to achieve targets for equipment manufacturing systems and customer application systems
The Lungi shares (601012) are calibrated to reduce the waste of resources and promote a virtuous development of the industry as a whole. (601012) Reported on the score - high performance
Growth, with significant growth in overseas markets. Rapid expansion of productive capacity and construction of a photovoltaic integrated market. During the reporting period, the guarantee sheet was 2019/08/28.
As of the end of June 2020, the company's single crystal silicon had an annual capacity of about 55gw, its single crystal component of about 25gw, completed its acquisition of Vietnamese photovoltaic batteries and components, and further upgraded its overseas capacity.
Improving the global production profile is conducive to evading trade barriers abroad in the photovoltaic sector and enhancing the overall competitiveness of companies. During the reporting period, company monocrysilica production was 4.40 billion tablets, an increase of 54.14 per cent over the same period, and single-crystal component production of 8,002mw, an increase of 124.59 per cent over the same period.
Inner companies have completed their research and development and production preparations for the product bitv, and will formally march into the building of a photovoltaic stock (601012) - a strong single pole of high-performance growth - investment proposal: a firm deep-deeps in the photovoltaic industry, focusing on single crystals, in terms of cost, efficiency and efficiency
Management has great advantages. With the advent of parity in the photovoltaic industry, the company, as a single crystal giant and $3.12/share, corresponds to p29, 23, and 19 times the “buy-in” rating.
Lungi shares (601012) - fast-growing single-crystal-head position solid.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.