Together with the Tonway stock, the supply will help, the dragon head will start again, and the two companies will join forces to further deepen cooperation with the Tonway stock strategy.
On September 25, 2020, the two shares of Lungi and Tungwei were announced. The main elements of the investment cooperation were investment cooperation and multi-crystal silicon supply and demand cooperation.
With regard to multi-crystal silicon supply and demand cooperation, the parties set the annual volume of silicon transactions at 10.18 million tons (approximately 35gw silicon-combined silicon) as a preferred purchasing-supply relationship. In addition, Tungwei shares will give priority to the supply of silicon from the Lungi shares for the period 2020-2021. In fact, as early as June 2019, in Lungi,
The shares and the shares of Tonway have started strategic cooperation, and the new energy source of the Replenishment is one of the two companies that held a mutual share in 2019. We look forward to working together to promote industry growth and silicon masters, promote supply chain growth and further upgrade their leadership.
Lungi shares, as photovolves, are well understood by management, well-developed technology and cost-control capabilities, leading in both silicon and component chains. Tungwee shares are at the top of the industry with multi-crystal silicon, and are more secure in production and controlled in production costs. At the battery chain, Tungwee shares also lead the industry.
Quick, with advanced production capacity in mainstream perc, and active deployment of heterogeneous batteries. This further deepening of investment cooperation and multi-crystal silicon supply cooperation will give full expression to the ability of these two links to contribute to the growth of the supply chain while keeping costs under control in order to elevate its leader, with prospects for the future.
• Medium- and long-term demand in the industry is expected to rise further, with the photovoltaic kings at a time when, first of all, the 14th Five-Year Plan for an increase in the share of renewable energy, based on the proportion of non-chemical energy sources in the country in 2025, the market niche will be further consolidated -
On 22nd, Chinese President Xi Jinping made an important speech at the United Nations, noting the importance of a green development approach and solemnly committed China to taking stronger measures to achieve carbon peaks in 2030 and carbon in 2060, the Corporate Update Report, which opened up the prices of the prices.
The first step is to use innovation to drive new growth.