Awloyowned subsidiaryofinamerchantsbank longi-7a(601012ch) 2q20resourcesbeat; projectgrovethtooffset
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Up/downside up to 61.1% yoy, refreshingquareyearsnewh.strangeswasmostly drivenbymoduleexternalshipgrowthby 14.2% to 4.7gwdringthe
30% despite chinasolarsector contuouspricecutinapr-may.bookingaheadto2h20, toughuncertainties
I'm going to have to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it.
• 2q20resourcesbeat 2qexternalmoduleshipsurgeed 106.2% yoyto 4,708mw, whileothernalwatershipstayreliveflatat1,112mnpieces, down 5.0% yoy.thecompanyrecognizedrm406mnmpairmentlosseseses
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
I don't know what you're talking about, strooverseasmoduleshipstaintedextcellentprofitability. shareperformation longiraireizedwafer/moduleexternalshipof2.47bnpiece/6.58gwin
1h20, up14.9%/106.2% yoy.modulesaleswasahighlightaslongihad 52% moduleshipstooverseasmarket, andusmodulesalesofferedexplicith marginwithsignificantlyhiherasp (+rmb30-50centsvs.domsticspotprice.)
And weestimatewaterssources source: bloomberg gpmwasabove 33% aboveexteriondcontinuouspricecutinapr-may.in
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
price/costsimpactstobeoffsetbyshipgroveth.recentprice/costs fluctuatealongthepvsupplychainhadbroughtimpactstowatermarginand moduledemanduncertainties.basedoncurrentpricingstructure, wafergpm
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to work. in2h20, weblongtometetsssalestarget, implying audit: pwc source: companydata, bloomberg, and bisestimats.
Weoverestimepriceandmargin impactstolongibroughtbycovid-19inourprivousestimatate.inextremely changingcontext2018-2020 (sumchaspinization's5.31policy)
In 2018, projectapprovaldelayin 2019, andcovic-19disruptionin 2020), solardemandwasresilientonthetrackwithcontinousimprovidingcost competitivitycomparingwithererype.weexpectglobalsol
(a) Celltechnologyupgradeohjtatfaster-than-expectedpace;
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions and bisdoesnotprovideindividulytailloredinvendmentationmentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Oranyinterestinsecuritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neothers and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officeers oremployeesshelelbelelableforanylos, damageorensewhatever, whereotherdirectorconsequential, incurredinding theinformation containingthisreport.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it.
The publicisations are different from the generalisation, point-of-viewanalyticalmethodswhencompiling.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but it's not a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you.
Order 2005 (asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49 (2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanyootherpersonswoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis.forcipatedsoftisdoissues
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, of course to touch people only to theextentrequiredbylaw.singaporecipients should contact and bisgat+65635004400formattersarising from, orinconventionwith anotherport.