The semi-annual review of the reported high growth in performance, and further strengthening of the vanguard - the Lungi stock (601012) - still maintains the year-round target of 20gw for components, reflecting the strong market competitiveness of the company's products.
The output of silicon tablets has grown and the profitability has been excellent: in the first half of the year, the company achieved 4.4 billion silicon tablets, i.e. 54% of the year; in the second half of the year, the volume of external sales was 2,469 million tablets, i.e. 15% of the year; and in the second half of the year, the amount of silicon tablets earned was 11.18 billion yuan, i.e. + 15% of the year.
The minimum price of silicon tablets is 2.62 yuan per piece, compared to 32.44 per cent at the beginning of the year. With excellent cost controls, capacity and scalding effects, the company’s Māori rate of silicon tablets has been reached in the face of a sharp fall in prices.
In the second half of the year, the price of silicon material rose significantly, to close to 100,000 yuan per ton, an increase of more than 30 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. The company then raised the price of m6 silicon tablets, which now recovered to 3.25 yuan per toll, and the company is expected to maintain a high level of Maori for silicons throughout the year, with excellent profitability.
The component's sword is the world's number one, and m10 products will be put into the market next year: the company achieved 6.58gw external sales in the first half of the year, an increase of 106% over the same year, with 3.44gw overseas, which is expected to meet the 20gw target for the year. The company's Māori ratio for the first half of the year, due to the sharp fall in the price of the components.
This year, the company launched its new M10 component, with a rapid expansion of production capacity downstream, and large space for bipv: the company ' s accelerated production capacity, as of June 2020 _aaa_Lonki shares (601012).
At the end of the day, the company ' s silicon production capacity reached 55gw, an increase of 31 per cent from late 2019; the component capacity reached 25gw, an increase of 79 per cent from late 2019. In addition, the company recently launched the Golden Bipv product (601012), the first coverage report _aaa_technology and achievements.
This is an advantage, building a global crystallization of integration, and this is a risk factor: trade protection risk, epidemic risk, market competition risk, larger management.
Hao has a 1-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-year-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-per-per-per-per-cent-per-per-cent-per-per-per-per-per-per-cent-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-year-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-year goal goal-year-year-year-year-year-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-
According to the National Energy Agency, a total of 11.52gw was added to the 2020h1 country, representing a modest increase of 1.05% over the same period, and in January-May this year, the country achieved 27.7gw in component exports, a marginal increase of 5.56% over the same period. Lungi, despite the fact that growth in the sector as a whole has been constrained, has turned back to high growth rates.
This is an increase of 3.01 percentage points. The impact of the epidemic is that the company has not adjusted its year-round target, and the company has maintained its year-round target of 20gw for components, reflecting the strong market competitiveness of the company’s products.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 2,469 million external silicon tablets, an increase of 15 per cent. By expanding its battery and component capacity, the company fully digests silicon production.
The first half of the year saw 1,489 million silicon tablets self-uses, an increase of 87 per cent in the same year, and the silicon link generated operating revenues of 11.18 billion yuan, an increase of 33.75 per cent in the same year.
The company quickly and dramatically revised the price of silicon tablets, with a minimum price of m6 silicons at $2.62 arguably lower by 32.44% at the end of May, compared to the beginning of the year. Through excellent cost-control capabilities and scalding effects, the company experienced a rapid decline in manufacturing costs, with a reverse increase in the Māori rate, which was 34.8% in the first half of the year.
2.78 percentage points. In the second half of the year, the price of silicon material rose significantly due to the impact of the silicon plant accident and the Xinjiang epidemic, reaching a maximum price of nearly 100,000 yuan per ton, an increase of more than 30 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. The company then raised the price and now the price of m6 silicon silicon is back to $3.25 per to the point where the company is expected to maintain a high and profitable rate of Maori silicon throughout the year.
Three, the output of components has increased significantly, with swords referring to the high growth in global sales of the first component and a sharp decline in the price decline of Maori. The quality of the company's components is excellent and widely recognized downstream by its clients, and the recent launch of the 182mmhimo5 high-capacity large-size component is expected to be placed on the market next year.
In the first half of the year, the company saw a significant increase in the sales of its components, with 2020h1 achieving 6.58gw external sales of its components, an increase of 106 per cent compared to the previous year, with 3.44gw from China abroad and 52.28 per cent from overseas sales. The company achieved $12.414 billion in revenue from its operations, an increase of 49.15 per cent compared to the 49.15 per cent. As a result of the sharp fall in the prices of its components in the first half of the year, the Māori ratio of its products declined more, but more.
Because of the low base in the first half of the year 2019, the same rate was raised by 0.9 percentage points. The company's large-scale strategy is expected to yield more than 30% of its M10 components next year.
In the extreme case of the epidemic, the company accelerated the build-up of its capacity. By 30 June 2020, it had reached 55gw, an increase of 31% from late 2019; its component capacity reached 25gw, an increase of 79% from late 2019.
In recent years, there has been a rapid increase in the distribution of light voltage, with the number of new distributed light-voltage machines in the country reaching 4.44gw, or 38.54% of the overall load. As an important future direction for business distribution, the development of the bipv model (building light-voltage integration) is promising.
The top-packed product has a maximum power of 300 w/s. According to Lungi, the company's domestic sales alone are expected to reach $10 billion in 2023-2024, and if added to the overseas market, the future space is available.