It's the core of the National Net, the "Telenets, the World's Top Two": the creation of the State.
In 18 years, after a number of asset injections and reorganizations, the country’s product lines are now the most complete and second-largest. The national grid has set the strategic goal of a “two-tier network, one of the world’s top” and the national electricity grid is the central unit behind the new strategy. Under the new strategy, the national grid is not only important under the country’s flag.
Equipping companies, and more importantly, core technological assets within the national network system. Quick growth in information and communication is expected. Broad-based electricity connectivity is an important component of the national network, the “Telenets, the World's Top Two”, with 2019q1 proposed, and 2019q4 fully built.
By paragraph, Swe won around 30 per cent of the bid for a centralized bid for priority projects, accounting for 40 per cent of the total, and SNS is expected to invest in 40/60 billion, respectively, and SNS is expected to move into high-growth power grid investment, which is expected to decline on a steady scale; but the distribution of energy, electricity and electricity
In the context of moving car access and general electricity grids, the demand for secondary equipment installation has increased and the technology has accelerated, and structural growth is expected. (1) Specifically, the new generation of dispatch systems is expected to continue to dominate by 2020; (2) the new generation of smart meters is expected to continue to dominate.
The policy target year; 4) high voltage transformer temperature improvement. The South Swe grid automation is expected to continue to grow robustly in the upward cycle of multiple break-down plates.
Keeps up the growth. In September 18th year, the super-high pressure reboots at 5 to 7 directs, measuring the current flow valves plus protective equipment, adding more than 10 billion new orders, more than 8 billion gross and flexible direct South Ritter aggregates and more than 8 billion expected, 19q4 surges will gradually confirm performance, followed by steady growth, expected to be followed by electricity protection and electricity protection.
A joint venture has been set up to promote the industrialization of electro-electric robotics. 2019-11-17  Optimizing internal management and invigorating the new industry.
The three-quarterly newspaper The National Electric Swe (600406) sets up electricity grids, power generation, industry, electrical marketing centres and customer service centres to improve marketing efficiency and evaluation: slower growth, better Māori rates.
In addition, Nanwe accelerated the process of industrialization of the igbt project in 19 years, introducing core technology by establishing a joint venture with the United Institute of Research and establishing a joint venture with hundreds of millions of G.A. and joint ventures.
Robots for electrical operations, first products delivered at the end of the 19th, new industries are expected to form companies that have not imported core technology, igbt industrial acceleration 2019-10-18.
Rapid growth, with grid automation moving upwards, is expected to start a new cycle of growth. More than one asset is injected, leading to the country's most complete power plant, 1.1.18 years of history, multiple asset injections, and the group assets are placed on the market as a whole.
In 18 years, the Nanxi Group has been in existence for 26 years. The real control of the state is the National Networking Institute, which was created by the former Department of Water and Technology of the Ministry of Electricity and then incorporated into the former National Electricity Corporation, which in 2001 was transformed into the National Network Automation Research Institute of Science and Technology. The Nanxi Group of the state ' s parent company, Nanxi, was set up in 1993 by the National Networking Institute and in 2001 by the Nanxi Group.
The establishment of the National Electric Power Service (NUNE) is based on the relatively mature industrialized power grid sub-company within the group (which represents, for example, the movement control system, open-2000), the systems control sub-company (which represents the product, for example, the integrated power station automation system), and the industrial control sub-division (which represents the product, for example, the fire power plant decentralized control system), which was marketed in 2003.
In response to the corporate reform strategy, the promotion of group high-quality asset listing and the resolution of peer competition, Nanxia has been pushing for group asset injection since it was listed in 2003.
Beijing Control Company, adding a business block on “Automated Trans-Track Electrical and Protection” with the withdrawal of the Group in '08; 111 million acquisitions of the Group's rural electricity grid automation assets in '07, representing products including the on2000 grid integration \triangleright
Automated systems for movement control, etc., with new “Automated rural movement control” sections; 403 million acquisition of urban and rural power grid automation, electrical control assets, new “Automated electrical control” \triangleright in 09
(a) Operations, primary power generation, magnetic equipment, etc.;
- The first asset reorganization in 13 years, at a total cost of $2,587 million, was injected into the assets of Kodong, Beijing (1330 million, dispatch), the power supply of China (250 million, feeder network), the country's electricity-rich (480 million, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly), solar energy in Nanxi (140 million, light voltage), the Group Stabilization Branch (40 million, grid stabilization analysis) and the movement control and distribution of network assets as a whole.
On the market, operations were restructured into grid automation, power generation and new energy sources, industrial control & railing, energy conservation and environmental protection 4 \triangleright billion, relay protection, flexible transmission of electricity, IEC (1.03 billion, grid information communication), Prey Project (17.7 per cent)
The consolidation of assets, such as super-high-pressure flow valves, and the virtual securitization of the entire assets of the South Swe Group, has been restructured into four main sections of grid automation and engineering control, relay protection and flexible transmission, electricity automation, interest communications, power generation and hydro-environmental protection.
Current business maps: Five broad areas, with full coverage of the full process for transmission and transformation. The current national grid division is divided into grid automation and industrial control, electricity automation information communication, relay protection and flexible direct transmission, power generation and water conservation, integration with five other business plates, and full coverage of the entire process from production to application.
Electrical network automation and engineering control includes the full process of movement control automation, conversion automation, distribution automation, electrical automation, \triangleright grid pressure stabilization control, automatic control of power generation, transmission and management, and automatic movement control
In addition to automated management, which ensures the safe and reliable operation of electrical systems and enhances their economic efficiency and management efficiency, Automated Information Communications (EDI) is directed towards the grid, using technology such as “cloud, large, real, mobile, intellectual” and other information and communications-related operations, including power production management, movement control, information security, etc.
Communications equipment, databases, etc., serve the various components of the grid, which is followed by the provision of power control protection, direct transmission, flexible transmission core technology, products, systems, integrated and professional services, and full-scale control of the grid from low to high voltage, from line to main line.
Power generation and hydro-environmental protection are mainly directed towards the end of power generation, with core technology in integrated power station monitoring, long-range energy centralized monitoring, power-upgrading stations, new energy generation control, etc. The accumulation of years of sedimentation has led to the formation of the country’s largest product line in the electricity grid sector, with the second equipment being designed for offshore taps:
(a) Dispatch is the brain of the grid, second equipment is the soul of electrical automation, both of which are managed and operated through information technology, with technical barriers and profitability higher than once;
The leading supplier, the secondary equipment + movement control system, is almost fully covered, and a few pieces of equipment are available for the network, the most fully integrated company in the country’s electricity grid industry. In comparison to foreign leaders, Nanxia’s dispatch + secondary layout is well developed.
1.2. Power grid investments are strongly linked, along with the growth of the country’s grids. The country’s operations involve all aspects of grid investment. At the income end, the growth rate is highly correlated with the growth of grids/national networks, with three distinct phases:
Marketed in 103-08, the first cycle of growth, at a time when investment in the electricity grid was primarily to address bottlenecks in the electricity supply chain, and the growth of performance in Swe was driven mainly by power transformers and dispatches, with income growth and the high rate of investment in the grid being matched at the industry level, published by the State Council ' s Programme for the Reform of the Electricity System (document No. 5) in 2002, the National Electricity Network Corporation
At a time when the country's grid infrastructure was relatively poor, investment in the grid grew steadily in 2003-08, from $101.4 billion in 2003 to $28.85 billion in 08, cagr = 23 per cent. Investment in grid construction at this stage concentrated on the transmission infrastructure. At the company level, growth in 04-05 was driven by the power station itself.
In the context of “a strong smart grid,” the second round of growth was relaunched in the year 09-12, with a two-way investment structure, with dispatch, transformation, distribution, and co-opt, with a growth rate far exceeding that of the network.
In May 2009, the National Network launched a plan for the construction of a “smart grid”, which is scheduled to be fully implemented by 2020 in three phases, with a unified “strong smart grid”, with smart transmission and distribution (high voltage, line movement monitoring), smart transformation, smart distribution, smart power use, intelligent dispatching, etc., as investment priorities and a biased investment structure.
In the second instance, the electricity network investment jumped to $389.98 billion in September, falling to $344.48 billion in 10 years, and continued at a high level of $350-4000 billion in 13 years. In this context, the movement control, power conversion, and power distribution automation operations in the south of Swe have grown rapidly, the network has seen a steady increase in performance since 312, and two asset restructurings have expanded the business volume.
In the 12 years since investment in smart power grids entered its middle stage, investment in electricity grids has stabilized, but the scale of investment has grown steadily; on the one hand, super-high-pressure construction has begun to accelerate, with the first round of construction coming back from 12 years to 17 years.
Income growth has continued to grow, and continues to be strongly correlated with the growth in electricity grid investment; two large asset restructurings were completed in 13/17, and the group assets were brought on the market as a whole and the collection was expanded. 1.3. Secondary equipment is more profitable and profitable
The country’s electricity supply is now the largest power plant in the country, receiving far more than peer companies, but there is still a large gap than the international power plant, which is multi-operational, multi-regionally configured. The second facility has a high Maori rate and continues to be profitable. The second facility has a higher technical threshold than the other power plants.
There is a need for considerable R & D capacity, with a concentrated supply pattern, strong bargaining power, and a high M & A rate. The overall M & A rate has remained generally stable at 25-30% since the 13-year period of the Group and is partly affected by the income of the low M & D integrated package group, with a M & A rate of over 40% for core products, continuing to run domestic and foreign counterparts; and 18 years of roe 17.6%.
Figure 11: Roe levels are much higher than those of domestic counterparts, and the stock structure is clear. The current stock structure of the state is 51.8% in the Nanxie Group, 2.5% in the Director of Nanxi Group, 2.5% in the Soul Man, and 40.2% in the rest of the shareholders.
The equity incentive program has been finalized. The company announced a draft equity incentive in December 2018, and the award was completed in March 19 and awarded a total of 38.45 million shares for the company's chief engineer, Yang Zhihong, Chief Accountant, Cao Feilong,
Deputy General Manager Ning Bin and other core cadres of 987 persons, each awarded nearly 40,000 shares, with the current stock price per capita awarded to the market four times unlocking, with the target net profit capr exceeding 11%. The restricted stock awarded this time was unlocked four times after the two-year registration period, and the conditions of the break-off were evaluated for roe, net profit, net interest rate and economic value added.
A 75-square line for comparable firms, with higher performance targets reflecting firm confidence in long-term growth, and once equity incentives have landed, corporate interests are tied up and driven by core competitiveness, which is driven by market barriers and R & D.
2.1. New strategic positioning: The core support of the National Network "Three Networks, First World" National grids in 2019 set out the strategic objective of "Three Two Networks, First World" to build a “hub, platform, shared” (three-type) firm to build a “strong smart grid and a confluence of electricity.
Nets (two networks) are the physical basis for complementarities and integrated development, forming a three-way stream of “energy flows, business flows, data streams”, leading to a safer, more efficient management of grids, better service and more ecologically open world energy.
South Swe has set up a special clearance team, increased its dedicated research and development investment, and is fully involved in the development of power grids at the top of the country's network and in the design of special programmes.
Product testing, overall support for the construction of general electricity grids. For specific operations, the South Swe grid automation, information communications, follow-up and flexible direct transmission units serve all aspects of the “two grids” strategy and are expected to be operational in the coming years as the national grid strategy progresses.
With rapid growth, performance and market value are expected to rise to a new level. Overall, the country’s electricity and electricity are not only important equipment companies under the country’s net, but also the technological and nuclear barriers within the country’s network system, resulting in a very high rate of market monopoly in the country’s network system.
Movement control systems, secondary equipment are important to the safety, stability, and barriers to power systems, and the historical positioning and technological advantages of the country’s grid determine the high rate of secondary equipment. In the field of movement control, conversion, distribution, superhigh voltage, and telecommunications, the company’s share of the traditional advantages is extremely high, specifically:
The conversion plant operation is a traditional advantage, with 3-4% of the conversion secondary equipment. \triangleright is an advantage that Nanxi has been working on since its inception, looking at basic Nanwe, Xu Jian, from the bidding pattern of the national network.
The four worlds, the South, the Long Gardens, and the Ideas have a high-end market. The combined share of Nanwe and the Supervised is 3-4% of the protected and monitored market. Nanwe and the Superguard are leading the way, the solution is strong, the entire station will be tendered more and more in the future, and its share is expected to remain stable.
The historical position of Nanry in the field of movement control and joint research and development with the national network dictates Namxia's monopoly in the movement control industry, the division of the movement control system into countries, networks, provinces, locations, counties, and several levels.
Information and communication technologies (ICT) have a monopoly on the real estate network. Nan Swe (Information and Communications Technology, South Sino-Swiss Data, etc.) and the National Network Group are two specialized companies within the national network that specialize in electricity information and communication.
The tender for soft, hardware and information services has a long-standing monopoly, with Swe having a strong edge in electricity production information, databases, network security, and a much more dramatic advantage for the credit group in managing information and chips, and a combined share of 6-80% for most of the applications.
The tender for chemical services focused mainly on the general focus on electricity connectivity, with Nanwe accounting for 27% of the winning bid package, credit for 54%, and two basically equals the fall in value. The ultra-high-pressure straight-flow valve is 40%, and the barrier is strong.
One of the main equipment was the winning pattern, which was about 40 per cent of the city of +Phrey, with the remaining 30 per cent, 20 per cent of Western electricity, 10 per cent of abb quadrant, high high-pressure market barriers, and solid core equipment patterns.
Personal and productive capacity is not a bottleneck in terms of per capita output and fixed asset turnover. The growth in the number of people is far below the growth rate of the harvest, with per capita output increasing steadily, reaching over $4 million over 17 years of coverage, which means that Ming is not a traditional manufacturing enterprise; while production growth is slower, asset turnover is very high, and Nanxi products are more productive.
Research and development (R & D) is the driving force behind the development of Nan & S. Among several factors of production, R & D costs were the fastest growing, with a 6.4-fold increase in revenues and a 4.23-fold increase in R & D costs in comparable time periods from 09 to 16, and a 1.8-fold increase in the number of people.
Fixed assets grew by only 1.47 times, and the product upgrades and overlaps of the dispatch and transformer operations were largely based on substantial R & D inputs, which alone looked at R & D inputs, compared with their counterparts, and the cost of R & D was 1.54 billion yuan in 2018, which is far higher than the country in absolute terms.
Internal peer companies; R & D costs 5.4 per cent are higher in both domestic and foreign counterparts; per capita output is over $4 million, well above domestic and foreign counterparts, owing to the structural bias in the product structure of Swe itself on the one hand, and the problems associated with the staffing of the national network on the other.
The R & D approach is clear, and R & D is the first driving force. Several shares in the company ' s history, ipo financing $396 million, focused on grid stabilization control, power plant automation, distribution automation, agro-electric automation, railing, power information management systems, etc., with an increase of $760 million in 2010 for transhipment, conversion automation, electricity meters, distribution, etc.
Projects such as the Automation of Electricity, which in 2017 was restructured to raise $3.43 billion (6.10 billion, of which $3.43 billion was spent and invested in projects focusing on the industrialization of the igbt module, product testing centres, smart water services, experimental capabilities, etc., with clear R & D orientation from several investment projects, the use of funds mainly to support the development of new products and the overlap of existing products,
R & D is the first driving force of the country's electricity and energy.
The construction is now fully operational since the concept was introduced at the beginning of the year. After 18 years of the concept of “Pull-in-Electrature Network” and 19 years of the inauguration of the new President of the National Network, Coway, the strategy of “Three Networks” was formally presented in the report on the work of the National Network, namely, the creation of hubs, platforms, shared enterprises, and the operation of strong smart power grids and general power supplies.
Two networks. In March 19, the National Network convened a construction deployment meeting to make arrangements for the construction of a general electrical connection and issued the Outline for the Construction of a general electrical connection, the 2019 Construction Programme for a general electrical connection to network companies and their immediate units in April, and the 2019 White Paper for a general electrical connection in October, and launched related projects.
In December 19 the National Networking Division issued the Outline of Priority Construction Tasks for 2020, which identifies priority construction tasks for 2020.
In the case of national grid companies, general electricity connectivity is an important and strategic attempt to transform and upgrade and reduce efficiency gains. In the context of the concept of “generally” (i) clean energy access on the side of electricity generation, electric car access on the side of electricity generation, new demands on the network’s perception, level of interaction, and efficiency of operation, with digital empowerment as an important path; and (ii) electricity.
Under the current “two-line” strategy, one of the two networks has been relatively well developed in the past few years, with the “panel-in-power connection” being a top priority.
Based on the general framework of electricity connectivity, operational boundaries are opened for new and emerging operations such as integrated energy services, multi-station integration, virtual power plants and so on, inter alia, through the application of advanced information technologies such as cloud, mass, mass, migration and intelligence to improve internal management efficiency and service levels.
From the technical framework of general electricity connectivity, the general technology consists of four technical layers: terminal, network, platform, application, and network security, operation and maintenance, with a total of 20 components. The terminal achieves general access, full-time coverage of the network, open sharing of platform layers, application-driven business innovation, network security.
The push pace is tight, with 21 years of "preliminary construction" and 24 years of "building" in power grids. As called for in the Building Outline and White Paper, the push pace of this general power grid is rather tight, with 21 years of "preliminary construction"
Broadly connected to electricity, with only two years of construction available; 24 years of “built” to power grid, with a total of five years of construction; 2019, in terms of construction targets, was the beginning of a “three-year drive” strategy breakout for power grid construction.
During the year, the overall objectives were: 1) to complete the preparation of the three-year plan; 2) to launch an annual construction mission throughout the year, to complete the design and pilot validation of specific programmes, to produce model results and replicable models in terms of technology programmes, implementation strategies, emerging business models; 3) to begin the construction of management systems, organizational structures and dimensions consistent with those needed for the construction and development of electricity grids.
Construction of 57 missions, 25 integrated demonstrations, 160 self-exploitation projects in 2019, amounting to more than $10 billion. In terms of concrete construction, the 2019 White Paper on Electricity Networking sets out the construction objectives for 2019: a confluence of six main areas (internal operations, external operations, data sharing, basic support, technical clearance, security),
Preparation of 57 construction tasks (of which 27) and construction of 25 integrated demonstration projects and 160 self-exploitation projects involving the size of the order, which is expected to be $20 billion, of which about $10 billion is earmarked for investment. (Project list references, based on the number of tenders, were made at the beginning of 2019, when the national grid was in the direction of electricity connection, some of the IT projects were identified.)
In particular, there has been a significant decrease in server-type, network-based hardware, Sap software, and a greater increase in the number of solicitations for database-type software; and a significant decrease in previous tenders for information-based services, with the number of tenders for the first four (including additional) being substantially equal.
In 19 years, the first batch of information-based equipment and services tenders were smaller, a small number of projects related to 57 construction tasks and 25 integrated demonstration projects were launched, and one package, close to the sum of the total number of bid packages for the past few years, plus the two previous requests for services, was now closed.
In addition, 37 of the 57 construction tasks and 19 of the 27 priority construction tasks, involving more than $1.7 billion, have been covered. Figure 25: Bidding for information hardware since 18 Years: 8 Directions and 41 priority construction tasks.
The Network 2020 priority-building mission outline proposes a 20-year focus on energy ecology, customer services, production operations, business management, business centres, intellectuals associations, basic support, and technical research, with a total of 41 priority-building tasks in eight directions. The 20-year focus is mainly on the continuation, refinement and adaptation of 19-year priorities.
There are 41 priority tasks, up from 27 in 19 years; in terms of content, the 20-year mandate is essentially a continuation, refinement and readjustment of 19 years: some priority tasks, construction tasks directly into 20 years, and some priority tasks, such as storage of co-operation services, enterprise centres, etc., have been refined, some construction tasks have been reduced, and the overall system is more systematic and systematic (see appendix).
It is expected that 20-21 years will be the first round of investment peaks, 19 years of power grids focusing on top-level design, full start-up of construction missions, model project construction, 19 years of “start-up year” and 20 years of large-scale investment, and the current 2020 construction programme is not yet in place, with preliminary determination of the scale of investment related to power grids
In more than 40 billion, the target of 2021, “preliminary construction of general electricity grids” will peak in the first round, with more than 60 billion expected to account for more than 10% of the total investment in the national network. Traditional informatization equipment and services tenders show a pattern of extremely high concentration, with the average market in Nanwe accounting for 2-4%.
Since 2015, information-based equipment, a centralized tender for information services have shown a two-way trend in core hardware (server class), core software (linux system, database software, etc.) and information-based services (total package). Nanwe has a 2-4% share in server-type markets, and a 2-4% share in linux systems, database software, etc.
With a 3-7% share, a 2-3% share for the City of Informatization Services, and a few billions of dollars a year in centralized tenders, it can be seen that the two countries of Nanxia+Incorporated account for most of the market share. The country’s central unit, which supports the construction of electricity grids, is fully involved in the construction.
Specially targeted teams have increased their research and development inputs and are fully involved in the development of the country’s network at the top of electricity grids and in the design of special programmes.
The central tender results show that Nanwe has received about 30% of the general electricity grid orders. From the information available, the tender structure observes that Nanwe has won projects involving 19 of the 37 construction tasks for which tenders have been initiated, and that 19 of the priority construction projects for which tenders have been initiated have been highly participatory, with the overall city accounting for around 3%.
Unlike the Swe, which has an advantage in power production information, big data, and integrated energy management, Swe has a strong advantage. In terms of NCN’s business position with respect to CSN, Swe has a focus on managing informationization (erp, marketing, supply chain management, etc.), Swe has a focus on electricity production informatics and external operations (movement control, distribution grids, integrated energy suits, etc.).
Nanxie has a prominent advantage in projects such as electrical distribution networking, new-generation dispatch systems, new-generation power trading platforms, integrated energy services platforms, etc., with a high share of the winning bid to split it with Shinsususu in areas such as camp integration, data center, in-kind id, data value-added realization, and smart mass systems.
The business model is both a core product supplier and an integrated lump-sum contractor. On the one hand, on the other hand, it has a large accumulation of technology in the form of a lump sum with the national network, which assumes the role of an integrated lump-sum contractor. On the other hand, it has a wealth of technology in the areas of platform and basic software, grid production management information, network security, communications equipment, etc.
And a large number of self-research products also play a role as suppliers of core equipment. The Māori rate of product orders is higher than the total, and the Māori rate of self-research and guarantee of self-supply of core products is at mid-high.
4. Automation of the grid: dispatch, up-scaling, power switching, robust distribution: Note 4.1.826: Investment in the grid slowed down and structural growth continued in 19 years, with overall weak investment in the grid and a contraction in the second half of the year. On the one hand, the domestic manufacturing landscape has been stable since 19 years.
At a relatively low level, electricity use slowed down; on the other hand, a further 10 per cent reduction in the price of electricity for the national business target in 19 put some pressure on the operation of the national network, with the q1-3 network group collecting 1987 billion yuan, or +3.0 per cent; net profits of 43.4 billion yuan, or 23.1 per cent, were expected to fall in 19 years, with a cumulative investment of 295.3 billion in January-September.
NCN document 826 confirms the policy shift and its far-reaching implications for the traditional electricity sector. In early December, NPN issued a Circular on Further Strict Control of Investment in the Power Network, which proposes a “triple ban, two zeros and two nostalgia” approach to investment control.
Intelligent investment in grids meets the requirements of open-source cutting, and structural growth is continuing. Intelligent investment in grids, such as grid automation, dispatching, stabilization systems, etc., is centred on increasing the efficiency, stability, etc. of the grids, falling down with the grids.
The demand for efficiency gains is not in conflict, there is structural growth in grid-smart investment, 1) distributed energy will be heavily accessed in the future, moving from power-side automation to power-side automation, with user-end markets being an important direction for corporate growth; and 2) new energy access will place higher demands on the grid, and the capacity of future grids to absorb new energy will need to be further enhanced.
4.2. Movement control: a new generation of movement control systems is beginning to evolve, and Nanxi is expected to continue to dominate.
The dispatch system is the “brain” of the grid, and the network is automated as part of an integrated automation system, usually consisting of the modem main station system and remote control, the main function of which is to monitor the operation of the entire grid and effectively direct the safety, stability and economic operation of the grid.
The main functions of the control system typically include security surveillance and control (scada), automatic power generation control (avc), simulator training simulations (dts), grid applications (pas), integrated multimedia dispatch systems (imds), etc.
Levels, with five levels of national, cyber, provincial, sub-prefectural and sub-prefecture, corresponding to each of the different levels of plant sites. Market space of around 20 billion, identified in 5-10 years. 43 mediums (Net 27 + 6 + 1 country; Network 7 + 1 master; Monsi Province), Network 360 + South 60 locations, and near the country.
1900 counties. The flat price is raised at 80 billion to 100 million, around 5 million, the whole of the county is reduced to a monopoly in the south, 7-8% of the territory. The market pattern shows that, as a result of joint research between the national network and the south, the rest of the eastern electronics, the accumulated electronics, etc. can get a small number of orders, and the credit group gets a small number of soft non-mainsite systems.
In terms of the thrust of the dispatch system, the normal cycle is longer in the order of R & D, pilot, provincial, and grounding, for example, the current d5,000 system is running from 10 years to the end of 18 years.
In view of the product cycle in Nanxie: when it was marketed in 2003, it began to promote Open 2000 (R & D in 98), and opened in 05 and 06, with the first wave of revenue reaching its peak.
The year \triangleright opened in large areas of provincial accommodation, with a second wave of income. 13 years after the market, we traced Coton's 11 to 12 years of income.
\triangleright 10-year product upgrade to d5,000 (3,000 systems are market-based and 5,000 systems are national network-led) and piloting began, 12 years of national network roll-out, 13 years of south network roll-out, 15 and 16 years of large-scale expansion.
Case: In Ningdong, for example, the Power Authority has 54 transformer stations, open 2000 deployed from 06, and now \triangleright \triangleright
Figure 43: Movement Control Business Cycle in Nanxi. Current industry trends, structure and systems of the power system as the super-high-pressure flow grid is built.
A major change in characteristics, and a fundamental change in the corresponding operating control box management model, will bring about a higher degree of physical distribution, logical alignment of power grid integration, control of the clean energy whole grid, co-opting of the source charge, and support for electricity marketing.
The new architecture: “Physics distribution, logical harmonization”. The new generation of dispatch systems will take over the results of the network's automated system of power movement control, introducing new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and proposing a completely new architecture of “physical distribution, logical harmonization” that will support modelling data operations, real-time monitoring operations and analysis of decision-making operations.
The system consists of local surveillance systems, cloud modelling data centres, and analytical decision-making centres. The current d5,000 state-of-the-art, network provinces have been updated and more than 100 local and municipal levels are still incomplete. The new system began to evolve from 19 to 20 years, and a new generation of dispatch systems is expected to replicate the d5,000-country-led format, which remains in Nanwe.
With a view to maintaining a monopoly, the movement control operation is expected to usher in a new cycle. 4.3. Automation by electricity: on a general basis, the atmosphere is already increasing.
The electrical automation operation in Nanwe covers the entire EIS system, with products consisting of the main station of the system, the communications channel, the intelligence to collect terminals, the smart table, etc. The rest of the EPI operation is also included in the EPI. The EIS (Memorial + Terminal + Main Station) is the basis for the broad side of the user. About 80% of the data depend on the grid.
Smart meters are collected, and in four levels of power network terminals, networks, platforms, and applications, smart meters are included in the 19-year priority 17 construction tasks. A new generation of smart meters is positioned as "client side energy routers" with design of "multi-core" and "modularization"
It's a complete upgrade of the previous generation and a significant increase in its value. In the electricity network architecture, the new generation of smarts, the table is positioned as a client-side energy router, and the national network has innovatively proposed the concept of "multi-core" and "modularization" in the technology storage process, meeting the software upgrade requirements of ir46, while supporting the connection of smart devices and users.
A new generation of smart meters is expected to be launched by 2020, and tenders are initiated. The installed smart meters will enter the rotation cycle, and the second batch of tenders will start in 18 years.
Table 7.39.1 million bids, representing a significant increase of 36.6 per cent in the same year, with a corresponding value of approximately $12.5 billion; and South Net smart table framework bidding requirements of $3.12 billion in 2019, representing a significant increase of +164.5 per cent in the same year.
The new generation of smart meters is expected to start the bidding process in the second batch, 20 years at the latest, assuming a new generation of smart meters in 2020-23. In addition, other components of the system, such as the EIS main station, collecting terminals, etc., are facing a need for synchronizing updates, up-cloud, etc., and the tender volume will increase simultaneously.
The EIS consists of the main station of the ami system, the pbs 2000/d5,000 electron metering system, the sea3700 centralizer, the sea3800 collector, the sea3500 conversion collecting terminal, the sea3900 plant collecting terminals and smart meters, and the communications module. As a core Euni supplier in the national network, the market advantage is highlighted, and Nanxi has been acquired for 11 years.
Since the acquisition of the three-energy metering smart meter business in mid- and 13-years, the share has increased year after year, with the parent company + three-power + medium-sized city tables now accounting for about 5%, and the final-class city accounting for more than 9%, the country’s top priority. After the introduction of the new standards, Nanxi is expected to enjoy the dividends of increased concentration.
The core supplier of the meter, while the National Networking Institute of Physical Control is the lead in the development of new standards, and with the introduction of the new standards, Nan Ri is expected to become one of the first suppliers to acquire new meter design and manufacturing capabilities, with a further increase in its share, not looking at more than 500 million revenue growth space.
The high-end demand and profitability of the power station operations focus on the country's network. The “car network” is also the composition of the country's network in the electricity network ecology, with the country being one of the core suppliers of the grid's power supply facilities, with the city taking the lead in the bidding for electricity equipment at around 15%, at the national network highways, high iron stations, shore power, etc.
High-end applications are core players. Unlike the average charge-post supplier, Nan-Sewe's product structure is high, usually based on solutions, high value added, relatively robust for profit, and in 2018, Prent's power-recharging company, still earns $97 million at high voltage.
Figure 50: The National Network plans to build 120,000 charging posts by 2020.
With steady growth, electricity automation is expected to continue to increase by more than 10 per cent in 19-21 years. 4.4. Conversion stations automation: Nanxi's traditional advantage, high-end markets following super-high voltage, conversion links are an important component of grid investment, and conversion automation is a $10 billion market.
An important part of the investment is about 10-20% of the total amount of investment in the grid. The transformer automation system is a system that provides automated functions for the management of transformer power stations, including surveillance, control, protection of transformer plant equipment and its feeder lines, as well as some of its own maintenance functions. Market space is around 10 billion.
The growth in the sector since 13 years is mainly due to hyperpressure. In terms of the additional capacity of the transformer equipment, it was the first wave of peaks before 09, mainly from the construction of a large grid, and the country's electricity conversion automation operation in 1998 was also a big one, with 26.7 per cent growth in comparison with the previous year.
Upon construction of the grid and long-range super-high-pressure landings, the corresponding hyper-pressure and high-pressure lines are required to be built in the province to digest the second iterative cycle, which is shorter than once, and a large number of transformers are in urgent need of upgrading, and the secondary equipment is better than once.
In terms of the volume of equipment tendered centrally by the National Network, the demand for transformer plant protection equipment has increased since 15 years, the monitoring equipment has remained essentially stable, except for more than 15 years, while the overall share of Nanse + next-up insurance has been around 3% for one equipment transformer, sensors, capacitors, circuit breakers.
The majority, Nanwe, has the capacity to integrate the package, and its share is expected to remain stable. Nanxi is competitive in high-end markets, promising upwards in a new high-pressure landing. Some projects over 220kv have already been built and will be built in the coming year, and the construction of an accompanying transformer plant is expected to begin.
The superhigh voltage-level transformer station already has considerable technological accumulation and has a complete smart sub-equipment solution capable of powering ns 3000s of smart transformer power systems and is expected to enjoy the upturn of high-end markets. 4.5. Networking: there is still room for upgrading network automation, energy-saving equipment rental mode locking orders
Distribution grids are those that receive electricity from transmission grids or power plants and are distributed to various categories of users by distribution facilities or by voltage, and are a system that is exported from voltage distribution substations to the end of the user, usually at a voltage level below 110kv. The grids are divided by voltage level: high voltage distribution grid (35~110kv), medium voltage distribution grid (6-10kv)
and low-voltage distribution grids (220-380v), divided into urban distribution grids, rural distribution grids, and plant distribution grids by electricity distribution area.
Generational electronic sensor technology, with distribution automation systems at its core, integrates and integrates information into real-time, quasi-real-time and non-real-time data from network equipment to achieve normal operation of distribution grids and monitoring, protection and control in the event of accidents, etc. The typical distribution network automation secondary equipment consists of three levels: the main distribution station, the substation and the terminal.
ftu (distribution switch monitoring terminals), dtu (distribution terminal units), ttu (distribution transformer remote terminals) etc. There is still much room for network construction: first, there is still a gap between network automation and policy targets, and in 2015 the IEA Power Distribution Network was modified.
The Plan of Action (2015-2020) calls for increased automation of distribution and continuous upgrading of automatic distribution coverage, reaching 90% coverage by 2020. The plan was designed with only about 20% coverage of network automation, which has accelerated in recent years, reaching 80% coverage of the national network by 2018.
The second is the challenge of grid-building, access to clean energy, power-filling poles, electricity market reform and incremental grid pilot, agricultural network upgrading, etc., which is a new challenge for grid-building, with the prospect of accelerating the second generation of equipment.
The two key components of Camp Integration Optimization and Power Distribution Networking, which require secondary power distribution, will also speed up software product rotationalization in the overall architecture of Camp Integration, using advanced technologies such as cloud computing, big data, edge computing, etc.
The main station system has an absolute advantage, and ICT has consolidated its dominant advantage. According to market patterns, Nanxia is the absolute leader of the country’s main station system, with the main network holding over 40%, the main network holding up over 90%, close to the monopolistic position, and nearly 100 million years), with a large number of participants, with Nanxi taking the lead, with a share of around 10%.
Now, as the grid invests in rising demand for products and the introduction of ICT, companies will have a more competitive edge than the current total of more than 3 billion dollars worth of network automation equipment in Nanxi, which is expected to remain in place in the future. Part of the grid automation plate is also derived from network-based energy-saving equipment. More than half of the grid losses are from grid-connected and network-connected equipment.
Energy conservation is an important measure to reduce power consumption in the grid and can effectively address the problems of incompetence, low end voltage, and high line losses, which can effectively reduce the line loss rate by about 30%.
“Lease-buy-back” model: construction of energy-saving equipment is included in “construction in progress” when orders are received by Nanwe; “fixed assets” are accounted for upon completion and delivered for downstream use, while rent is earned, income is recorded, depreciation and financing costs are accounted for at cost; later stages of lease, a one-time buy-back by the user is accounted for in income and cost.
Rent operations are on order at $8.8 billion, with an average annual recovery of repurchase income + rental income of around $2 billion. According to the corporate assets and liabilities statement, energy-saving equipment at the end of the balance sheet of 2019h is budgeted at $8.8 billion, with fixed assets + $4.97 billion in construction work, indicating that there are still about 4 billion orders to be built and that the $4.97 billion project under construction will continue to confirm rent.
Revenues, repurchase revenues, measured on a five-year cycle, will confirm repurchase + rent revenues of around 2 billion dollars per year. 4.6. Power grid security: load precision control systems are about to work. Safety and stability control systems are an important line of defense for the safety and security of the grid. It is a state of emergency when the system is in a state of emergency.
Then, by implementing emergency controls, the system is restored to a normal operating control system. Security and stability control of the electrical system includes preventive control, emergency control, and recovery control. Accurate load cuts are the technical direction of secure and stable control of the grid.
The calculation of the total load to be cut and the regional load to be cut (kw level), giving priority to alternatives to the conventional 110/35kv load, and the “precise” selection of 10kv and 380v to be interrupted, avoiding the adverse social effects of power outages in factories and residential areas, ensuring a secure and reliable electricity supply to the grid.
Nanxi has a pre-emergent advantage and is expected to replicate the dominant advantage of the deployments. The current national grid of Jiangsu and Shandong has been successfully tested to run the precise load-cutting system of the grid, all of which was carried out by Nan Ri, with a 19-year mid-point in Shanghai, with a pre-emergent advantage, none.
The power grid automation and other operations of the industrial panels include, inter alia, rail automation, electrical rail automation, electricity automation in the industrial and mining industries, products including the integrated tracking system for railing, the automated system for power movement control, and the integrated towed power transfer plant.
Automated systems, integrated industrial and electrical systems, etc., are expected to grow steadily. Overall, grid automation panels will be up in 2020, meet the requirements of a new generation of dispatch systems, a new generation of smart meters from 2020 onwards, and network automation will enter the sprint year of the 2020 policy goal, changing.
Automation follows the projected high-pressure landings, grid automation leads to a upward cycle of multiple break-down plates, and 5. Superhigh-pressure orders are expected to be concentrated, followed by steady growth expected to be sustained by 5.1. Special-high-pressure construction, but progress is somewhat slow
In September 1818, the Department of Energy issued a circular to accelerate the construction of 5-to-7 direct pressure, consisting of 7 ultra-high pressure straight-flow routes, 2 ultra-high-pressure communication routes and 3 complementary ultra-high-pressure communication lines, with a marked increase in the share of the ultra-high-pressure direct flow, which is now under way since the resumption of the high-pressure investment.
Projects such as the Qinghai-Nan, Zhang Kitbei-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, Yam-Yu-Ni and the South Network's cloud connectivity project were approved and all tenders were initiated after the approval of the project, but overall, under pressure from the overall decline in investment in the grid, the process of approving the bid was slightly less than anticipated, and there are currently two straight lines from the White Crane Beach, the South Network Network, and the South Loose Network.
In January and September of 2019, the company continued to record a high share of Qinghai River.
South & North-Wuhan, Yam-Jan-Sitt direct flow valves, control protections, cameras, and other product orders, which are worth more than $3 billion. The ultra-high pressure line construction cycle is about 1.5-2 years, and the equipment dealer breaks the international monopoly over the construction cycle by a 100-percent straight gbt switch. Soft direct transmission technology is currently the most revolutionary in the field of grid technology.
One of the representatives of sex, who, on the basis of succession to the traditional direct transmission technology, relies on a pulsed modulation based on the interlocking properties of the igbt device, achieves a functional, powerless, independent control that leads to the simultaneous generation of electricity from the performance properties of the fire, or the load of the unit or of the arbitrary characteristics (a certain range). This characteristics determines its renewable energy grids, distant winds, etc.
In the past, only abb, Siemens, Alston, three companies owned flexible direct transmission technology, and the igbt switch valves were the core equipment in soft engineering.
Breaking, mastering the core technology of the igbt switch valves, and completing the model tests of the North-Sweeper and the Direct Flow Breaker in 2018. Softness is an important technology for addressing new energy grid access, and the igbt switch valves will be the new growth point in Nanwe.
At present, the company's hand orders include the Qing-Rish, Xiao-Wu, Ya-Rang and Soo-Tung projects, and the Zhang Kit Nao-Ni Project, the first line of defense that constitutes the safe and stable operation of the power system. The needle-back protection is for detection of malfunctions or anomalies in the power system, thereby sending an alarm signal or directly isolating or removing the malfunctions from the system.
As one of the most widely applied secondary devices in the grid, the relay protection device was linked to the large scale of the network ' s investments, which fell in 2019, the capacity of more than 200 kv transmission lines and transformer equipment was reduced and demand for the relay protection device was expected to decline in 20 years.
Nanxiu is the world’s fourth largest provider of power protection, with 50% of high-voltage relays. In 1981, the director of Nanxiu, the soul-guarder, and the President of the Shen National Academy, proposed “the principles of industrial-frequency-relay protection” that would cause the grid to fail.
In addition to the average speed of one third faster than abroad, the rate of correct action for the development of electrical relay protection over the years rose from about 80% in the 1980s to over 99.9% in 2013, becoming the world ' s fourth largest provider of relay power after abb, siemens, and ge. In the national network tender, Nanxi ' s share of high voltage relay protection equipment over 220kv reached
At a time when the Māori rate is high, it is the company’s important profit-contribution business. 6.igbt is at the heart of electricity and electricity, industrialization is driving the field of igbt, which is foreign-dominated, and large-power igbt import substitution is imperative.
Pipe, the core equipment in the field of electricity, equivalent to cpu in the field of electrical and electronics, is widely used, according to different voltage levels, with high voltage gbt applied to grids, transhipments, wind power, middle voltage applied to industrial controls, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, domestic electricity, low voltage applied to auto parts, 3c, etc. But the domestic industry of gbt started late, with complete international skills.
In the high-pressure field, the British have the absolute advantage and are largely monopolistic; the high-powered power of the grid, the high-tech gbt, and the market is largely dominated by abb. The high-powered gbt’s nationalization is imperative, on the one hand, is an important part of the national network’s “self-control” and on the other.
The volatility in the prices of the igbt products has also had an impact on the Māori rate of electricity equipment enterprises both inside and outside the country.Fig 65: The use of the igbt at different voltage and current levels.
Industrialization project to build the manufacturing and testing capacity of the igbt, sic chips and modules by building the software and hardware environment for the igbt and sicware chip and the modular design software production line. After the company measured the project’s taxes, it collected internal revenues in October 2019.
In October 19 the State announced that it would invest in the establishment of the UFR Research Semiconductor Company Ltd., a research unit of the National Network, the Global Energy Internet Research Institute Ltd. (UNRISD). Nanse contributed US$ 559 million, or 69.8 per cent, to the “igbt module industrialization project” and USIU contributed US$ 241 million, or 30.2 per cent, to the cost of technology.
This is the introduction of the core technology of the Institute to accelerate the process of industrialization of the nation's electricity and electricity Rigbt. The Institute's funding ranged from 1,200v welding, 1700v, 3300v welding and pressured, 4500v welding and pressured gbt and frd chip, the full intellectual property rights of the gbt (design, process, testing, inventory of materials, etc.) module.
It will form a technology transformation team of not less than 30 professional igbt developers, giving priority to industrial support and technological optimization of the first batch, and the second batch.
The development of gbt chips and modules from the 1200v/1700v ditch grid until the first two batches of technology have all achieved three consecutive batches of quantitatively stable production, with the conversion of the technology as the main basis for the team's performance appraisal.
In November 2019, the State electricity and electricity co-financed the establishment of the National Network, Riga (Tianjin) Smart Robotics Ltd., with a registered capital of 250 million yuan, with 100 million yuan (100 million yuan) and 150 million yuan (50 million yuan) for China ' s electricity and its three sources of electricity; the joint venture is mainly involved in the operation of robotics with electric power.
Special electric robots are an important part of the power grid to reduce internal efficiency, and smart inspection robots are the first step, with power-carrying operations the way the robots travel from self-collecting to self-motivating operations. Billions of caricats and smart transport robots have been industrialized, and the strategic core product was launched in 2019.
It's been built in late 2018 and launched in 2019 with a heavy weight.
z100 is the company ' s strategic core product, which can be automatically adapted to the operation strategy through modular software, using mechanical arm grabs and different tools to ensure that the alternative operators complete complex, dangerous high-altitude power operations, such as feeder-guiding.
This collaboration will accelerate the process of industrialization of power-bearing robotics. This investment will facilitate the development and industrialization of robotic products for current power-bearing operations, guarantee the safe and reliable operation of the grid and the safe provision of high water by operators.
Ping's equipment is supported. We estimate that the potential market space for power-bearing robots is more than 5 billion, that this joint venture combines billions of carbots of electric robotic products, with Nanxi's advantages in R & D and software, and with Nanxi's access to the national network, it is expected that the product will spread quickly and yield better benefits in the coming years.
The joint venture is a good attempt to extend the company's outreach to the outside world, and the company's investment in the grid is expected to return to growth since 2020 in the area of electricity grids and electricity grids, while the construction of electricity grids continues, and the country is expected to start a new high-growth cycle from 20 years ago, specifically:
Electricity Automated Information Communication: NEE is the core unit that supports the country's grid in connection with electricity grids, with a projected investment of $20 billion/40 billion/60 billion in 2019-21, and a projected collection of grids, grid automation and engineering: from 20 years on, grid automation is expected to be on the upswing, meeting the general profile.
The new generation of dispatch systems, the new generation of smart meters are expected to begin to evolve over the next 20 years, the power transformer is expected to follow the new cycle of super-voltage construction upwards, the grid is expected to continue, and the grid is expected to follow the electrical protection and transmission straight: 7 rounds of super-voltage in September 1818, measuring direct flow switch valves plus protection.
\triangleright equipment with more than 10 billion new orders, South Ritter ' s direct and flexible direct flow cumulatively winning nearly 9 billion + expected winnings, 1904 surges in performance will gradually be recognized, followed by steady growth, expected relay protection and flexible transmission blocks
Integrator and other: rental income for energy-saving equipment has increased significantly, but it has grown at a speed of 826 from 20 years, choosing 25 times the 2020 value as the basis for the company’s valuation. Reference companies are comparable to companies engaged in secondary equipment, electrical relays of ultra-high voltage equipment, thought-source electricity, flat-high electrical power 21/16 times the average pere in 2019/20, and in grid communications.
The country’s network system has a preponderant position and a generally built-up support position, with 25 times the size of 2020 as the basis for the valuation. It is a central unit of the country’s network, with high growth in information and communication services, and an upswing in the power grid automation business cycle, which is expected to result in a decline in grid investment: companies downstream, mainly from the grid industry, and grid investment is less than expected to be public.
(b) 2. Macroeconomic downturns: macroeconomic downturns may affect electricity use in the electricity grid, exert pressure on electricity grid operators and thus affect companies:
3. Policy advances are not as fast as expected: the company ' s ISPs have increased as it was expected in the case of electricity connection construction. Table 26: Forty-one priority construction tasks in 2020: optimized upgrading, marketing 2.0, a new generation of power trading platforms
Production and operation of a new generation of automated movement control system construction applications, web-based power network construction applications, construction of a comprehensive infrastructure-wide digital management platform
Construction, modern (intellectual) supply chain system construction, digital auditing, integrated management of applications, inter-firm data-building applications, power grid resource medium-building applications, client service operations medium-level construction applications, financial services operations medium-level pilot studies, project management operations medium-level pilot studies
Intelligent object network building, equipment profile networking, customer profile networking, electrical appliance, smart material combinations, intelligent cluster and industrial cloud network, “Nine core”, new intelligent terminals and sensor research and development
“National Net Clouds Building Application, Power Net Gis Platform Enhancement, Panorama Safety System, Artificial Smart Technology Application, 5g Construction and Pilot Application, Block Chain Technology Research and Pilot Application, Popular Electricity Networking Technology and Standard System Improvement, General Electricity Networking Related Construction Operations
This is a 20-year-old new priority for construction.