One of the reports in the new capital series - Neptune (600406) - recommended (for the first time) for high-voltage construction speed and promising growth of electricity grids
On March 17, 2020, the company is expected to benefit from the acceleration of the super-high-pressure construction.
Focus on advancing the approval and construction of ultra-high pressure-related projects, which add three super-high-pressure, straight-flow projects and a number of complementary priority projects, with an increase of nearly $100 billion in ultra-high-pressure investments. The company is the super-high-pressure flow valve and control protection system front-line enterprise, which will benefit from super-high-pressure construction.
In 2020, the National Networking Company (NCN) focused its work on technology research, the development of electricity grids, and this.
The former general electricity grid is consistent. The electricity grid is built to promote new energy consumption, accelerate energy transformation targets, and improve the safe economic functioning of the grid.
In the long run, there is no change in the trend of electricity connection and the growth of the company's related business.
In the short term, such areas as transformation, approximation, use, movement control, communications, etc., will benefit from accelerated approval of ultra-high pressures, investment below expectations, increased competition in the industry, and force majeure risks such as natural and man-made disasters.
The company was established in 2001 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003. In 2017, the company went abroad.
IEC, Nanxi Group, Shen Guo Yung, Yunnan can invest in shares and pay cash to purchase assets. Restructured to acquire the main operating assets and liabilities held by the South Swe Group, 87 per cent shareholding of relay electrical, 100 per cent equity of Preyt, 100 per cent equity of build-up companies, 60 per cent shareholding of data in Swe, 100 per cent equity of ICT Corporation, 100 per cent equity of Prey Project, Poo
100% of SRI equity, 100% of Yun-Shun, 100% of Beijing, 100% of Shanghai, 90% of India, 99% of Brazilian companies. In 2017, the capital business of the new infused asset was more strongly integrated with the company’s original main business, with strong synergies.
Injection by Brazilian companies and Indonesian companies will facilitate better accumulation of international power engineering experience by listed companies, and expansion of listed companies in the sea.
Injection by the company facilitates the integration of the grid information system and the operation of the transmission service for listed companies, expands the scope of the company’s operations and enhances the capacity of integrated services.
Distribution of new energy generation from traditional hydropower, fire to wind and photovoltaic, from large power stations to grid-connected to distributed power supply access, from ultra-high voltage, hyper-pressure, high-voltage to medium- and low-voltage, from mega-directed integrated transmission grids to mini-distribution grids, acquisition monitoring, movement control, relay protection of secondary electricity technology, products and services, complete series of power generation, products, and services available
By the end of the third quarter of 2019, the company’s actual controller was the State Treasury of the State Council, the State Treasury of the State Council.
In addition, the Hong Kong Central Bank (HKC) Limited holds 6.05% of the company ' s shares. The top 10 shareholders together hold 75.12% of the company ' s shares.
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure and revenues from new energy and energy-efficient and environmental operations have increased significantly, contributing to higher corporate performance.
In 2014, the company restructured its operations to contain modestly the size of the new, less profitable, source-integrated lump sum business, resulting in a decline in total revenue. In addition, the grid automation business, due to changes in product structure, saw gross interest rates drop by 4.24 percentage points to 31.0 per cent, while the cost rate increased by the same time as the company ' s profits fell during the year.
Significant reasons. In 2015, corporate revenue recognition slowed down owing to the long cycle of grid-related investment, which slowed the growth in performance during the year. In 2016, there was a marked recovery in the same rate of increase in grid investment and a faster growth in corporate performance. In 2017, the company completed asset restructuring, injected into relay protection and telecommunications operations, resulting in a significant increase in revenue and profitability.
During the year, revenues from corporate grid automation and industrial control operations and electricity automated information and communication operations increased rapidly, by 23.7 per cent and 34.19 per cent, respectively, leading to rapid growth in corporate performance as a whole. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved, respectively, 17.18 billion yuan, 2,146 million yuan and 2,013 million yuan, respectively, respectively, respectively, in terms of revenue earned from their operations, net return on their home base, net gain on their home base, net gain on their home base, net gain on their home base, net gain on their own.
The seasonality of the company ' s performance is clear, with the lowest performance contribution in the first quarter and the highest performance contribution in the fourth quarter. The 2012 - q1 net return ratio is less than 1 per cent. The four-quarters net return ratio is higher than the one in the whole year.
The ratio of liabilities to long-term capital liabilities is less than 2 per cent and the pressure on interest payments is low. In terms of operating cash flows, net cash flows from corporate activities are more volatile than net revenues from operating activities, but they remain largely more than 70 per cent.
Supervoltage transmissions have developed rapidly in our country for more than a decade, with high output voltage, high transmission capacity, long transmission distances, low transmission losses, etc., compared to traditional transmissions.
To be applied to grids with near-high capacity transmission and higher-level voltage levels. The most important applications of ultra-high-voltage direct transmissions are to deliver large-capacity transmissions from a defined distance, as well as to connect parts of the regional and provincial networks.
Development strategies. In 2006, the pilot project for 1,000 kVA of autonomous intellectual property rights in our autonomous research, design and construction was launched. The pilot project for the South-Southyang-Jemmet high-pressure exchange was about 653.8 km long, and the total investment in static engineering was about 5.688 billion yuan. In 2010, the demonstration for direct transmission of electricity to the dam - Shanghai High-voltage - was officially launched.
In 2015, we approved a total of “six-way” super-high-pressure lines, up from one in 2013 and three in 2014, which is the year of ultra-high-pressure approval. At the end of 2017, the action plan for the prevention and control of atmospheric pollution was “four”
At present, we have completed a total of 23 special high-pressure projects, with a total investment of more than $400 billion. In addition, we are building seven ultra-high-pressure projects, four ultra-high-pressure direct-flow projects, and four exchanges. The re-launching of super-pressure construction in 2018 was less than anticipated.
Notice to move forward on the construction of a priority transmission and transformation project (hereinafter referred to as the “notice”), referring to 12 special high-pressure projects, and proposing approval for the start-up of the Qinghai to Henan to Henan to Henan to direct high-pressure flow, White Crane Beach to Jiangsu, White Crane Beach to Zhejiangte, are ultra-high-pressure projects, and two are connected corridors and networking works. However, from 2018 to 2019
According to actual approvals, only four of the seven ultra-high-pressure projects were approved at a slower pace than expected. 2.2 The advance of the ultra-high-pressure project in 2020 will accelerate.
To promote the high-quality development of the electricity grid and the development of priority projects, during the year, projects were approved for the expansion of the Sunyang-Yang, Jinbei, Jin-chung, Jin-chung, Wuhan, Wuhan, Wuhan-Shangt high-voltage exchange, White Crane Beach, Jiangsu and Zhejiangt high-pressure direct flow, and the expansion of the Tanjong network, Beijing Dong, Jinbei, Jin-chung, Shu Hut high-volt transform power station, Kawakawa.
Pre-construction work on electrical grids, including railway attachments: start construction work on crane beaches – high-pressure currents in Jiangsut, high-pressure communication loops in Huat. High-quality and efficient construction of direct-pressure projects in Qinghai Qingnant, flexible direct-flow grids in Zhang North, high-pressure communication works in Munxi Qing, stables in Ma's shop ~ southyang, Zhang north Xiang, Yang Yuan, and the Changji Station power plant.
The North-Wuhant high-pressure projects complete the planned milestones. Of these, the projects approved during the year for Nanyang Xiangmen Xiansha, Zhangmen Xuhan, Wuhan, Wuhan Xan Chang were all mentioned in the September 2018 Circular. Overall, the High-pressure mentioned in the 2020 Tasks of Focus
With the exception of the Moncey Jinjing project, which was mentioned in the September 2018 circular. In 2020, the country sought approval for 7 ultra-high-pressure projects, requiring the completion of 4 projects and the completion of the expected mileage of 2 projects, totalling 13 projects, of which 5 were direct-flow projects, 8 were exchange projects, with an estimated total investment of about $170 billion.
On 12 March, the National Electricity Network issued the Pre-Work Plan for the Special High Voltage and Priority Networks Project 2020, which identified work related to the accelerated 5-to 5 direct voltage project, three of which were added to the plan, involving investments of approximately $84 billion, namely, the Golden Hydroelectric Delivery Project, the Sandong Project, and the Hami Qingqing Project.
Meanwhile, the Plan identifies 13 priority projects to improve the efficiency of super-high-pressure corridors as new elements of the Plan, which were not covered by the 2020 Priority Tasks issued by the National Network, which are worth nearly $100 billion in investment, exceeding market expectations.
2.3 The accelerated construction of the super-high pressure is expected to generate billions of dollars in business growth. The super-high-pressure direct transmission involves key equipment, mainly transformers, re-flux valves, gis, control protection systems.
About 15 per cent, about 10 per cent, about 10 per cent, about 6 per cent, about 6 per cent, and about 2 per cent, of the control protection system. According to the 2020 NCN priority work plan, two projects were requested for approval in 2020, two projects were completed, and two projects were completed with an expected mileage, with a total investment of about 120 billion yuan.
Three projects have been tendered, with the remaining crane banks — Jiangsu, crane beach — Zhejiang Tegau — not tendered. The corresponding investment level for these two projects is expected to be approximately $57.7 billion, of which some $8.655 billion is required for a current transformer, approximately $5.77 billion for a new valve, about $3.462 billion for a direct stream gis and about $3.462 billion for a control protection system.
The company's main product in ultra-high-pressure straight flow is the switch valves and the control of protection systems. For the switch valves, companies account for more than 40 per cent of the total, ranking first: Xu's secondary electricity city accounts for more than 30 per cent, ranking second.
The company’s share is over 50%, ranking first: Xu Xiao's share is about 47%, ranking second. Assuming that the combined investment in two ultra-high-pressure straight-flow projects that were not tendered in 2020’s national network’s priority tasks is about 57.7 billion yuan, the company’s share of the market in shifting the valves and in controlling the protection system remains at 40% and 50%, the company is expected to earn 2.308 billion yuan.
With a total investment of $84 billion in the three additional ultra-high-pressure straight-flow projects set up in the pre-work plan for the 2020 ultra-high voltage and priority grids project, the company is expected to gain 3.36 billion yuan in flow valve operations and 840 million yuan in control protection system operations, if the key equipment involved in the three ultra-high-voltage transmissions are mainly communication transformers, gis, electrical resisters, etc.
One device; electrical relays, transformer automation, etc., are secondary equipment for ultra-high voltage exchange projects. From the super-voltage exchange projects that we have been building in the past, the amount invested in communication transformers is about 12%, Gis (gas-insulated metal sealing, shut-off equipment) about 15%, resisters about 3%, and secondary equipment such as relay protection about 3%.
According to the National Network ' s priority task plan for 2020, five projects were requested for approval in 2020, with the construction of three projects with a total investment of about $50 billion. Of these, three projects were tendered, with the remaining ones in the stables: Wuhan, Nanyang, Changmen-Chan, Nanchang-Wu-Chang, Nanchang.
- The Changsha, Jingmen-Vuhant high-pressure exchange project has not been tendered, and it is estimated that these five projects will account for approximately $34.2 billion in investment, of which $4.104 billion is required for communication transformers, $5.13 billion is required for gis, $1,026 million for electrical resisters and $1,026 million for secondary equipment, such as electrical security.
The company’s main product in ultra-high voltage communication is the relay protection device and the transformer power station automation system. In the area of relay protection, the company has developed a whole series of relay protections, from line protection to main equipment protection, from medium to low pressure to super-high voltage.
The combined market share of the parent company and the subsidiary's relay electrical service has been rising in recent years, and is now expected to be around 50%, with a clear market edge. Assuming that the company has 50% of the second-time equipment for the ultra-high pressure exchange project, the five combined investments are expected to bring to the company an ultra-high pressure exchange of about $34.2 billion.
Secondary equipment operations of $513 million. 2.4 Firms have achieved international leadership in flexible critical equipment.
Effective control of grid currents, voltage, etc. Soft transmission technologies can be divided into flexible direct flow and soft communication. Soft transmission (vsc-hvdc) technologies are new high-voltage transmission technologies based on voltage switch, self-restrictive devices and pulse-wide modem technologies. Soft direct transmission technologies are increasing the stability of the power system, compared to traditional direct transmission technologies.
There are significant advantages in increasing the flexibility of distribution grids and their ability to absorb clean energy. So, soft, direct transmission can be widely applied in areas such as new energy grids, urban power supply, island interconnection, and distributed energy access.
After many years of research and intensive work, the country has made significant progress in the application of flexible straight-flow technology packages. In 2011, the first soft-flow transmission project in the country was launched. In 2013, the three-end, soft-flow transmission project was launched, the first in the world.
Soft engineering. In 2014, the pilot project was successfully launched, the first application of the country ' s flexible direct transmission technology, and the first project of the world ' s five-end, flexible direct transmission. In 2015, the pilot project was officially launched, which means that the country has successfully mastered the high-pressure, high-voltage, high-voltage direct transmission.
In 2018, Yon Oo was transported by a soft back-to-back direct-flow network project, which raised the flexible direct transmission voltage to ~420 kV, the first time in the world. In 2019, Jiangsu-dong and Sun-soon offshore wind-to-wind projects were launched to transmit wind-to-wind power at sea, and were the first soft-to-wind projects in the country to deliver wind-to-sea power at sea.
In the field of flexible transmission, the company’s key equipment, such as high-voltage voltage high-volume rectangular flow valves, straight flow breakers, soft-control protections, and high-speed electrical voltage measurement devices, has reached international leadership.
In the case of the third end of the East Germany project, the company won more than 40% of the bid in the flexible straight flow valve area, and in the case of the firm ' s firm ' s firm ' s firm ' s firm ' s firm of 1033 million yuan in the firm ' s straight billion dollar order, in the case of the third end of the Utunde project. The confirmation of the purchase order is related to the progress of the project, and the company ' s revenue from the two firm ' s soft project orders is expected to remain confirmed in the coming two years.
The concept of electrical connection, which was introduced in early 2019, refers to the full application of modern information technologies such as mobile interconnections, artificial intelligence, advanced communication technologies, and the interconnection of power systems.
Humans interact, have a state-wide sense, information-efficient processing, and an intelligent service with easy and flexible applications. Broadly, electricity grids provide a context in which the type and quantity of distributed power generation equipment is rapidly increasing, new energy sources, such as photovoltaics and wind power, need to be made more affordable, the demand for power upscaling, and the need for a safe economic functioning of the grid.
In recent days, the National Power Network Corporation has issued " Priorities for 2020 " , which clearly outlines the implementation of the company ' s 2020 major offensive plan, the launch of major special projects such as the power-specific industrial chip, super-high pressure tubes, the separation of switches, and the development of priority technical studies on electricity connectivity, such as smart sensors, and long-line research on the safety and stability of new energy power systems with a high proportion.
Network companies focus their work on priority technical research on electricity grids, and the objectives of electricity grids and general grids are consistent. The electricity grids are built to promote new energy consumption, accelerate energy transformation goals, and improve the safe economic functioning of the grids.
Software, dispatch hardware and dispatch software. Companies account for nearly 50 per cent of the hardware market in the movement control category, information technology, about 25 per cent of the hardware market, and schedule software and information software, about 10 per cent each.
The company's power automated information and communication operations, which employ technology such as “large, cloud, object, migration, intelligence”, are mainly concerned with the development of products for information and communication systems, the manufacture of equipment, system integration, engineering installation and service consulting, and cover the management of grid production, movement control, information security, integrated regulation of information and communications, communications equipment and systems, information, etc.
Communications systems integration and transportation, real-time databases, big data application analysis, quantum communications, etc., provide system support and related information security and protection technology products in connection with the operation management, state monitoring, auxiliary decision-making, etc. of the electrical network inspection, dispatch, security, marketing and other operations. The company has the first wireless communications research and application laboratory in the domestic electricity industry.
The core forces that support the construction of smart power grids and power grids.4 Automation coverage of the grids will continue to increase, and the company ' s electricity automation operations will grow, according to data from the Institute of Foresight Industries, the country ' s electricity automation market has continued to grow in recent years, from 2012 onwards.
Electricity automation includes automation of electricity generation and grid automation, and the larger market for grid automation, which accounts for more than 80% of the market size of electricity automation.
In terms of market size, power distribution automation is currently the largest market and is expected to be in the electricity automation market in 2018