A new business contribution to a new growth cycle.
The company issued a report for the first quarter of 2019, and in the first quarter of 2019 it achieved $5.705 billion in revenue: target period: 12 months.
Macomcayman holds 51% of the share of macomhk. Income is back on track and profit levels are gradually improving.
The company ' s sophisticated zero-component business has recovered steadily, and smart acoustics and hardware have grown rapidly. Of this, the sophisticated zero-component business has generated revenues of $1,895 million, yoy+8.85 per cent; the smart acoustics machine has generated revenues of yoy+21.91 per cent. In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved revenues of $5.705 billion, yoy+41.02 per cent; and the parentage.
(a) Net profit of 203 million, yoy + 10.56 per cent, net profit of 161 million yuan, or 60.67 per cent, excluding later return to the mother;
The company's tws headphones are going into large North American clients, and the rate is rising rapidly after 18 years of capital investment. The company, as a provider of acoustic devices and a full-time manufacturer, is expected to continue with the bulk of its clients' products, and the Andre platform's products are entering the penetration period, and the company is expected to benefit from a good partnership with its clients.
The company has been a leading manufacturer of whole machines in the industry for many years on vr/ar-related products, ahead of schedule.
Reserves forward optical products technology. It is expected that the vr/ar industry will recover from the bottom in the medium and long term, with a promise to join the macom and march into the 5g radio frequency chip.
The technology and know-how in the field of materials and chips has been clear for many years, especially in the field of silicone-based nitrides. The company’s silicone-based nitride product program is more efficient, and there is wide space to replace existing carbon-based nitrous thorium products, and there is much room to grow in the future.
After this acquisition, Gore will hold 51% of the share in macomhk, and macomhk will be a holding subsidiary of the company.
The acquisition is a combination of macom’s advanced technology and Gore’s advanced manufacturing processes and high-quality customer resources. Gore is expected to enter the wireless communication radio chip and module market through this acquisition.
\triangleright starts a new growth cycle as the company's pre-positioning moves into the harvest period. Smart headphone penetration is expected to fall short of expectations, zero component prices fall short of expectations, and vr/ar progress short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.