Power grid operations have grown steadily, and overseas markets have moved into high-growth channels on 19 April 2022, and companies have achieved operating revenues of 8,695 million yuan, an increase of 17.94 per cent over the previous year; and a net gain of 1,198 million yuan over the same period.
Effective downscaling measures and increasing profitability. Thanks to effective downscaling measures and improved product structure, 21 years of high commodity and chip prices, and rising freight costs due to the epidemic, the country has been able to reduce the price of its products.
On a product-by-product basis, switch products, coil products, uncompensated products, smart equipment products, and efficiency measures in Deng Young-kang, with the gradual introduction of platform management in-house, the cost rate for 21 years continues to drop at 0.34 pct-
14.32 per cent of sales costs and financial costs continue to decline, management costs have slightly increased as a result of the 20-year epidemic phase reduction, social security exemptions, and future profitability is expected to increase further. Multi-business contributions have increased and grid operations have grown steadily.
\triangleright markers. Specifically, 1) Switches collect $4.017 billion, an increase of 18.93 per cent over the same period, of which is have a stronger output and maintain a higher rate of growth, and the profit space is expected to increase further as transformers enter the new production line;
3) Uncompensated products account for 1,142 million yuan, an increase of 4.88 per cent, while products such as svg, capacitors, etc., maintain a higher rate of growth as demand rises in the construction of new power systems; and products such as smart equipment account for 885 million yuan, an increase of 11.57 per cent, compared to 11.57 per cent; companies will continue to promote products such as integrated surveillance and smart security systems in the future.
Applications in stations, main stations, etc. 5) The total amount contracted for engineering is $675 million, an increase of 23.61 per cent over the same period. \triangleright speed (22.56 per cent) with rapid market growth in the Americas, Middle East, etc.
So far, companies have made breakthroughs in dozens of countries, including Italy, Denmark, but the share of overseas cities is still low, follow-up imports will accelerate, and there will be sufficient room to upgrade the company’s operations abroad. Investment proposals: the company’s net profits, collected in 2021, and returned to the mother, are growing in a positive way, from 2022 to 2024.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.