Postal Bank (601658): Continued high performance Growth and high asset quality
Incident: Quarterly Report 2021 published by the Post Bank on 28 October, with the first three quarters of collection/requirement positioned to serve the “Three Farmers”, urban and rural residents and 0.08/0.51 pct
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), committed to providing services to the most active client groups in China ' s economic transition, and to accelerating the flow of new zeros to data drives, channels synergies, batch zeros, efficient operations
In the first three quarters, the company made a transition to a net-sales bank. The Bank has excellent asset quality and significant growth potential, and it is China’s leading major retail business.
On the whole, the steady growth in net interest income, the high growth in revenue from China and other non-interest-earning income, has contributed to the maintenance of banks. In the face of China’s promising economic and social development, rapid growth, a reduction in the size of the provision, and an increase in profits have also been driven.
During the short period of opportunity, the Bank will deepen the new development philosophy, with net interest income remaining steady at a steady increase in volume prices at the income end: benefiting from retail strategies to deepen reform innovations and accelerate progress towards “specialization, integration”
In addition, income from fair-value earnings and investments has increased rapidly.
Sustained improvement in the economic performance of service entities and investment in services
Three-quarter credit impairment losses declined by 8.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because this year the quality of the assets was robust, with companies and smart, secure, innovation-driven, high-value first-class firms less than loan impairment losses.
The asset-liability structure is optimized, resulting in a steady net interest spread. The net interest gap for the first three quarters was 2.37 per cent, the same as in the first half of the year; the single-season net interest ratio was +4bp. The firm’s net interest differentials were stable, mainly as a result of a steady return on assets.
At the end of September, loans were deposited, while companies strictly controlled long-term high-cost deposits, raising the ratio of short-term and current deposits.
Since the reform of the free-flow market value (billion yuan) price mechanism, it has been proactive in reducing high-cost deposits for more than three years; newly issued medium- and long-term deposit prices have declined: personal deposits account for an increase of 0.18 pct at the end of the first half of the year.
Overall, there is still a pressure on the net spread in the banking sector at the bottom of the economy, but there is relatively greater scope for restructuring the Postal Bank, which is expected to stabilize the spread at a relatively high level of comparable peers through structural optimization, higher credit ratios, more efficient capital utilization and lower debt costs.
At the end of September, the company non-performing loan rate was 0.82 per cent, with a 1bp drop in the ring, with a deep down channel under the self-employed + agency operating model; the customer base was solid and the deposits had a significant advantage. The Postal Bank entered into a trust correspondent banking agreement with the Postal Group, based on the self-employed + agent model.
The number of PBS sites is far higher than that of other state-owned banks, with a solid and sticky base of households, and a greater room for deep-digging. By the end of 2020, the PSB has been approved to sell its bank licence plates, promising a proxy point below the power line, enabling companies to tap into retail customer potential and increase customer participation.
In recent years, the banks have continued to optimize their asset structure and credit structure, showing no growth over other state-owned majors.
By the same time, the Postal Bank is positioned in the “Three Farmers”, urban and rural residents, small and medium-sized enterprises, individual loans, micro-credits, and small loans account for 1480197002.
Higher, loan returns are higher than average, and price advantages are expected to be maintained. Investment advice: Postbanks are well-retailed and more dynamic than other state-owned banks.
“Self-employed + agent” operating model with deep down channels, a solid client base and a strong liability advantage; s14805107,00003 with a greater asset end structure optimization and excavation space, with the prospect of stabilizing asset end prices through restructuring: at the same time,
The assets are of good quality, and there is much room for release. We expect the net profit to return to the mother in 2021/2022 as compared to the source of the financial boom in the east, figure 1: the net profit to the Postal Bank of 3q21 increased by 22.1 per cent.
Figure 2: Net profit of the 3q21 season by 22.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis by the Postal Bank. Figure 3: Disaggregated performance of 1h21 and 3q21 by the Postal Bank.
Postal Bank (601658): Continuing high performance, asset quality, and Eastern financial and intellectual growth.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Post Bank (601658) continues to perform with high growth and asset quality and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.