Postal banks have maintained a steady interest gap and improved performance The first three quarters of the Bank have seen good growth rates, good interest differentials, excellent asset quality and improved profitability.
Companies maintain a fast-growing flow of revenue from fees and fees, confirming that the retail transition continues to move forward effectively. Companies have a network and retail customer base, differentiated asset liabilities and credit structures, and are continuously recommended for asset quality advantages and growth against the backdrop of a structural transformation of the economy.
The balance of interest is stable, performance is high, fees are well earned, and the first half of the year, the savings bank has increased by 10.22 per cent, and the net fees are 32.6 per cent higher.
Increases, mainly due to rapid growth in operations such as agency, credit cards, and the contribution of fees to revenue have risen to 7.07%, but there is still much room for development. Improved revenue collection and cost control have resulted in an increase of 11.9% in profits on the same basis prior to the first three quarters of the company’s allocation.
Quarterly easing of the provision, leading to a 22.1 per cent increase in net profits in the first three quarters, which is expected to be the highest in the larger business, with a 2.9 per cent increase in the loan ring ratio at the end of the third quarter, and an increase in the credit as a proportion of total assets to 52.13 per cent;
Of this amount, personal loans account for 0.3 percentage points to 57.8% at the end of the six-month comparison. The three-quarter loan ring 7bp.
At the end of the three season, the Postal Bank has a negative rate ring of 1 bp to 0.82 per cent below; at the end of the three season, the interest group lending has dropped by 3 bp to 0.45 per cent below the benchmark, significantly below the average for listed banks, and is at a leading level.
The Division has disclosed that the rate of negative annual growth was 0.56 per cent in the first three quarters (or 0.56 per cent in the first half of the year) and that the rate of new production was also absolutely low.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations.
Quarterly reports for the first three quarters of 2021 were published by the Postal Bank and the previous three quarters were equal to +22.07 per cent net profit (vs in the first half of the year, +21.8 per cent); revenue was equal to +10.22 per cent (vs in the first half of the year, +7.73 per cent); annual netting was 2.37 per cent equal to the previous three quarters; and cost revenue was 53.2 per cent in the first three quarters, with high performance and excellent fees.
The first half of the year saw a 10.22 per cent increase in the same year ' s revenue, which was higher than in the first half of the year (+7.73 per cent). The split shows a 32.6 per cent increase in net fees earned, mainly due to the company ' s acceleration of its wealth management system, enhanced business linkages and coordinated marketing, and faster growth in revenue from operations such as agencies, credit cards, electronic payments, hosting, etc. The first three quarters saw a 7.07 per cent increase in revenue from fees.
In the first three quarters, net interest income increased by 6.49% over the same period, up 0.3 percentage points from the first half of the year (+6.19%, yoy) and largely benefited from interest differentials. Improved revenue collection and cost control enabled companies to increase profits by 11.9% on a year-on-year basis prior to the previous three quarters of the provision.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net difference was 2.37%, the same as in the first half of the year, but in the first three quarters, the one-quarter spread was larger than in the second quarter, and in the beginning of the measurement period, the last three-quarter interest differential was higher by 7 bp than in the second quarter. We believe that it benefited mainly from the company’s initiative to optimize its asset structure, loan ratios, and credit.
The ratio of assets to individual loans increased; while cost controls on end-of-debt deposits continued, short-term, current-term deposits were raised, personal deposits were maintained, asset quality continued to be excellent, poor generation remained low
At 0.45%, the rate of bad + interest lending is significantly lower than the average of listed banks and is at a leading level. According to companies, in the previous three quarters, the rate of negative chemical production was 0.56% (or 0.56% in the first half of the year), and the rate of new malgeneration was also absolutely low. The end of the three season coverage ring was increased by 2 percentage points to 423%, and the level of coverage was at the top of the first class of listed banks, with greater risk resilience.
In the first three quarters of the year, the Postal Bank experienced a positive growth rate, a steady spread of interest rates, and an improvement in asset quality and profitability. The company’s revenue from fees and charges was maintained rapidly increasing, and the retail transition continued to move forward effectively. The company had a network and retail customer base, differentiated asset liabilities and credit structures, and had both asset quality advantages and growth in the context of the structural transformation of the economy.