High and sustained performance growth, with a focus on strategic development 10/02/22: Recently, companies released a 2021 fast-track performance report: 12.9 billion yuan in operating income in 2021.
In a single quarter, the company ' s net return profit in q1-q4 in 2021 was high downstream demand and rising profitability. 1) Three operations went hand in hand. In 2021, the company continued its growth momentum at both the income and profit ends, and in the defense sector, the company worked hard to secure production delivery.
Increasing market recognition; restructuring of communications and industrial operations, with breakthroughs in areas such as smart mobility, data centres, etc.; in the new energy automobile business, companies take advantage of growth opportunities in the industry, deepen their focus clients, cooperate, steadily increase the penetration of mainstream cars and double the growth of orders.)
The company continues to invest more in research and development. In 2021, q1~q3, the company ' s R & D costs accounted for total operating income.
Making the cost-management module more aggressive and less efficient, while further pushing the restructuring of the product structure and business structure, has led to a significant improvement in the quality of operations. With high-profit power-connector expansion and a sustained increase in income, companies have the potential to further increase their profitability.
\triangleright billions of dollars to build the South China Industry Base Project and the Basic Devices Industrial Park Project. The South China Industry Base Project aims to help companies adapt to industry trends and meet the future of the communications, new energy and automobile industries.
Strategic requirements for high-speed connector operations, with a construction period of 48 months, with an internal rate of return of 13.29 per cent after tax; Basic Equipment Gardens project, which is located as a basic equipment industry, such as defence-specific interconnectivity products and airworthiness operations; Research and development of production bases, where products are located as special fibre-optic connectors and components, aviation integrated electronic interconnection systems and streams;
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.