The Centre for Resources and Environmental Research has combined to reduce the negative impact of water, with Utunde achieving 49.874 billion yuan in operating income in 2019, a decrease of 2.62 per cent in comparison with the previous year; net return to the mother
21,543 million yuan, or 4.72 per cent less than the previous year. 1q20 has achieved operating income of 8,384 million yuan, reduced the amount of poor water generation and reduced the negative impact of the four pools: in 2019, the company generated about 2.44 per cent less electricity than in the same period of the previous year. The company generated less electricity because of dry currents in 2019.
1. " Core hydroelectric taps, near-value far-reaching growth -- drops, 20 per cent in the streaming reservoirs, 6 per cent in the three canyons reservoirs, and water in the 1qs by 2020. " Reduction of poor water, 12 per cent in the streaming reservoirs and 5 per cent in the three canyons reservoirs. " But the company makes full use of the four ladders.
The combined system has reduced the negative impact of poor water, keeping the decline in operating income within 3 per cent. The 1q20 fair value change earnings have decreased by $637 million over the year, mainly as a result of fluctuations in the stock price of the company’s current traded stock investment, resulting in an increase in operating income in comparison with the net profit of the company’s parent.
The Utungde power station, which is expected to be connected to the grid in July, is expected to generate a significant increase in electricity following the injection: the Utungde power station has a installed capacity of 10.2 million kilowatts, construction progress is steady and is not affected by the epidemic, and grid-connected electricity is planned to be installed by July 2020 and will be fully operational by December 2021; the White Crane Beach power station has 16 million kilowatts of installed capacity.
In accordance with the commitment to avoid competition among peers, the Ubek and Ubek power stations will be injected into the public company in due course. After delivery, the company’s installed capacity will increase by 58%, electricity generation is expected to increase by more than 50% over 2019, and the company’s water and electricity assets will become more scarce.
Cost advantages are significant cash flows are stable, and corporate bond-type attributes are highlighted: the cost of a company’s installed capacity is moderately low compared to listed companies, with the advantage of loading costs. The company’s credit ratings are good, using the advantage of financing costs to effectively reduce financial costs.
By "packing" the assets, stabilizing the cash flow, promising a high score, making the company's assets available.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected: the Yangtze water is less than expected: the price of electricity is falling faster than expected.