Year 2022: A steady increase in the volume of orders, the first period of equity incentives will give new impetus to performance.
Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new customers # increased product sales and increased tax revenues led to lower profits. In 2022, companies realized that sales of goods had increased their value added tax (VAT) payments, and taxes and surcharges had increased by $400 million compared to the same period the previous year, resulting in a decline in profits.
The increase in the volume of orders, the increase in the value of goods received in advance, indicates that downstream orders continue to be released, market demand is adjusted to 1.395 million shares, and incentives include directors, executives, and managerial, technical and business cadres that have a direct impact on the company’s business performance and sustainability.
Increased corporate performance will be facilitated by boosting high-level and cadre morale, helping companies better attract high-quality talent, confidence in their core membership, and enthusiasm for their work. Civil-military leadership with medium-sized aircraft, air-manufacturing and services together guarantee competitive advantages.
The country's leading manufacturers of aircraft products, such as large and medium transport aircraft, bombers and special aircraft, are my country's largest transport and production base.
China Air West (000768), in mid-2022, ag600 aircraft, arj 21 aircraft, ark, wings, etc. Development of key core components. Corporate cores have a strong competitive edge, and there are many national inventions in the development and manufacture of aviation products.
Reporting point: Mother-to-child net profits increase by 44 per cent, patents and active research and development of basic research and cutting-edge technologies, complete manufacturing technology categories, high-value contractual liabilities leading to sustained growth in performance
Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s and taking into account the company’s role in the mid-flight west flight (00768), 2021
• Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.