Luxshare (002475 CH)
Resilient 3Q23 despite macro headwinds;
BUY (Maintain)
Positive outlook for auto and comm. business
Target Price
RMB46.96
Luxshare posted 3Q23 revenue/NP growth of -8.5%/+15.4% YoY, and pre-
(Previous TP
RMB44.9)
announced FY23E earnings growth of 17.5-22.5% YoY, implying 31% YoY in
Up/Downside
48.5%
4Q23E. 3Q23 earnings was largely in-line with the profit alert earlier, while
Current Price
RMB31.62
weaker 3Q revenue was mainly due to 1) structural changes of communications
China Technology
product portfolio, 2) lack of wearables product launches, 3) SiP products delivery
changes, 4) weaker Mini-LED sales, and 5) customer inventory corrections.
Alex NG
Looking forward, despite ongoing macro headwinds, we believe that Luxshare
is well-positioned to benefit from gain share in iPhone/MacBook/iPad/Watch
OEM/components, and capture opportunities in automobile tier-1 and comm.
Claudia LIU
businesses. We adjusted FY23-24E EPS by -4/-2% to factor in 3Q23 results
and better margin. The stock now trades at 20.4/16.2x FY23/24E P/E, close to
1-SD below 5-yr average P/E. Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB46.96 based
Stock Data
on rollover 24x FY24E P/E.
3Q23 mostly in-line; Weaker topline due to inventory correction, SiP
delivery changes, and slower wearables/Mini-LED. Despite weak
smartphone/CE demand, Luxshare delivered a solid 3Q23 with NP growth
Source: FactSet
of 15.4% YoY. Mgmt. attributed 3Q revenue decline to inventory correction,
Shareholding Structure
SiP delivery changes, and product portfolio optimization in comm. segment
and weaker wearables/mini-LED sales. Backed by better revenue mix, GPM
improved YoY/QoQ to 13.8% in 3Q23 (vs. 10.0%/11.3% in 1Q/2Q23).
■ FY23 Outlook: multiple product share gain and accelerated auto/comm
Share Performance
segments. Luxshare pre-announced FY23E net income growth at 17.5-
22.5% YoY, implying 31% YoY in 4Q23 (vs 15% in 3Q). We believe stronger
earnings in 4Q23 was a result of Luxshare's share gain in top module
/smartphone OEM biz and higher share allocation of high-end models. In
Source: FactSet
addition, comm./auto tier-1 business are poised to deliver solid growth and
12-mth Price Performance
better margins with order wins and product portfolio expansion in FY24/25E.
Attractive risk/reward; Reiterate BUY. We believe Luxshare's operating
efficiency will continue to improve with economies of scale in iPhone/
business and communications segment will boost revenue upside in
FY24/25E. We slightly adjusted FY23-25E EPS to reflect 3Q23 results and
better profitability. The stock now trades at 20.4/16.2x FY23/24E P/E, close
Source: FactSet
to 1-SD below 5-year hist. avg P/E. Reiterate BUY with new TP of RMB
46.96 based on rollover 24x FY24E P/E. Catalysts include top module/
iPhone share gain and comm./auto tier-1 business progress.
Earnings Summary
Recent Reports:
Luxshare
(002475
CH)-Recent
correction overdone; Accumulate for
Apple's share gain and auto/comm.
Momentum (link)
Luxshare (002475 CH)-Resilient FY22/1H23 despite industry
headwinds (link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Earnings Revision
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
We derived our new 12M TP of RMB 46.96 based on rollovered 24x FY24E P/E (vs prior 28x FY23E P/E for softer
consumer electronics market). We believe this is justified as Luxshare continues to deliver strong earnings growth,
market share gain and product expansion to capture Apple and NEV opportunities in the next 3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include share gain in Apple products, MR device ramp up and auto tier-1 progress. Major risks
include weaker iPhone/AirPods demand, weaker yield improvement and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.