The results of this reduction are significant, and resource expansion guarantees long-term development Events: 28 August 2025, mid-2025, mid-2025, first half of 2025, 601699.sh)
This represents an increase of 1.92%; a single-quarter net profit of 691 million yuan, a decline of 26.39% in the same year, and an increase in the ring, a partial decline in the price of coal. The first half of the year, when performance was under pressure, cost improvements and structural optimization hit the price. In the first half of 2025, the original coal production was 28,63 million tons, and commercial coal sales were achieved.
Two hundred and fifty-five million tons, a significant increase over the same period. Of this amount, 12,79 million tons of coal were mixed, 12,61 million tons were mixed, 1,098 million tons were blown and 10,83 million tons were blown. Revenue from commercial coal sales was $13,034.47 million, cost of sale was $8,07.6 million, and Māori were sold.
Faced with the downside of market prices, companies responded positively, and the cost side improved significantly, with a combined sale price of merchandise coal falling to $516 per ton in the first half of the year compared to $683 in the same period last year, about 24 per cent lower than in the same period, while the cost of selling tons fell to approximately $318 per ton in the same period last year.
The Māori rate for coal operations has declined considerably, with companies strategically expanding their resources over the same period last year to supplement existing mine availability for short periods of time. Companies insist on development, accelerating resource expansion, project construction, technological adaptation, merger restructuring, industrial extension, production.
To improve the quality of the coal-fired industry and improve the structure of the industry, and to improve the overall efficiency of the development process.
The company acquired prospecting rights in the upper horse blocks in 2024, adding more than 800 million tons of coal resources to its own reserves, providing a strong foundation for future development. The company now has 18 production wells with an advanced capacity of 49.7 million tonnes/year.
The model averaged 3 million tonnes/year, with a significant scale effect in the industry of intensive production levels. The company’s combined capacity in the construction and planning of mines (e.g., coal industry, eco-rich mining, quiet coal industry, horse mining, etc.) is about 8.5 million tonnes/year, and production capacity is expected to increase continuously.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Ongoing production and development of new resources are conducive to upgrading company core service functions and core competition
The company’s share of the money is still at a high level, and the cash flow advantage highlights the asset advantage.
The value of long-term investments will be demonstrated by actual actions to meet the return commitments and demonstrate the value of the net profits attributed to the ordinary shareholders of the listed company in the consolidated statement. The company states that it will continue to focus on “uplifting efficiency gains and returns” and integrate the quality of development with the dynamic balance of shareholder returns, steadily moving up to higher levels.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that the Quantium Ring can be used as a leader in the domestic coal blow-out industry, coal, good carbon assets, high cash coverage of interest-bearing debt, accumulation of output-based spillover growth and a high proportion of present value, and a robust business with high growth potential. We expect companies to have 2025-
\triangleright Tung Ming, Doctor, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Coal Prices Select Committee and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (head)
For more than a decade, research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields have been conducted under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Programme”, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory programmes, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry, is currently in charge of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology on the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
Book: Study on “Carbon-According Carbon and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry was completed and participated in the preparation of policy documents on oil and gas industry planning, new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in the national ministry. In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Kwok Shei, two master's degree in environmental engineering at Beijing University/National University of Singapore, B.A. in environmental engineering, Beijing, five years of research in the environmental industry, upstream and downstream, and in the carbon industry. Xin Qin Ho, Master's degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, B.A. in electrical engineering and its automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity sector research, Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public sector environmental research
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee Young, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research on coal and coal mineral intelligence, Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research on coal.
Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2023 for research in the natural gas and electricity sectors. Liu Po, Management Studies, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in coal and steel.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.