We're going to build up our capital and contribute to high-quality development, and we're going to be doing research, and we're going to be doing quick reviews, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to be going to the bank, and we're going to build up capital, and we're going to be able to help with high-quality development.
Investment rating: superior to market (maintenance) Company announcement: Postal Bank issues " Share plan for issuing a stock share to a specific target " , to the Ministry of Finance, China Mobile Group and China Shipping Group
A share of 20,570 million shares, issued at a price of $6.32 billion, raised the sum of RMB 130 billion, which, after deducting the relevant issuance fees, will be used entirely to supplement core-level capital. Overall: We believe that the Postal Bank will increase the company’s capital, enhance its capacity to service the real economy and help maintain its long-term viability.
In view of the fact that the fixed increase has not yet been completed, we do not adjust the total equity stock, but with adjustments such as the annual report and the latest discounted agency rates, the Postal Bank has proposed an additional $130 billion to supplement the core level of capital. The Postal Bank has issued a plan for issuing a stock share to a specific audience, and it is proposed to issue a unit to the Ministry of Finance, the China Mobile Group and the China Shipping Group.
20.570 billion shares, issued at a price of $6.32 million per share, and the total amount raised will be 13 billion yuan, all of which will be deducted from the issuance fee. In terms of the issuer, the total amount of $117.76 billion of the proposed increase by the Postal Bank will be subscribed to by the Ministry of Finance, $7.9 billion by China's Mobile Group, and $4.6 billion by China's Shipping Group. After this release, the share held by the Postal Group will be reduced to 52.00%, but it will remain the controlling shareholder and actual shareholder of the company.
Controllers, the Ministry of Finance, will be the second largest shareholder, with a share ratio of more than 15%. In our view, this increase will bring the Ministry of Finance as the second largest shareholder, and will further upgrade the position of the State-owned bank of the Postal Bank, while China’s Mobile Group and China’s Shipping Group are also involved in the increase, reflecting the confidence of diverse shareholders in the company’s long-term development.
Market prices, demonstrating the long-term value of the strategic shareholders’ banks, show confidence in the future development of the banks. The plan is to increase the capacity of the banks to support the real economy, and to help companies develop the high quality of the services of the five major articles, which will raise the core capital adequacy of the banks and enhance the company’s ability to support the real economy.
The company’s loan balance has been guaranteed in recent years, and in recent years it has made a unique advantage in terms of the “five major articles.” With regard to the objective of “building services for the rural revival force, inclusive financial integrated service providers”, it has worked to create an inclusive financial identity. Through the Ministry of Science, Technology and Finance + Special Branches and Networks +
The flag shop creates a multi-layered system of science and technology financial services institutions that provide high-quality services to the economy. To accelerate the integration of business skills, build eco-banks, act as green finance practitioners, build advantages in old-age finance, and so on.
According to the latest disclosed performance of the Postal Bank, its fundamentals are stable. (1) Revenues and net profits are stable. Companies achieved $348.8 billion in 2024, an increase of 1.8 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of $86.5 billion, an increase of 0.2 per cent in the same year. (2) Asset size growth is robust.
The Postal Bank and the Postal Group signed a power of attorney agreement in 2016 to clarify the proactive adjustment of the savings agent rate, i.e., the banks and the Postal Group can adjust the slotting rate based on actual operating needs, among other things. The Bank announced last year that 2025 and beyond will strengthen the application of the active adjustment mechanism by conducting periodic assessments, taking into account changes in market interest rates, the actual operating needs of the Bank, and the savings agent fees.
The Postal Bank has recently issued a circular on associated transactions, which will lower the agency rate for 2025. According to 2024 data static, the post office rate adjustment will, in the long run, help to increase the marketization of agency pricing and promote the long-term health of the self-employed + agency model.
We believe that the reserve bank’s increase will enrich the company’s capital and enhance its capacity to service the real economy. Given that the increase has not yet been completed, we will not adjust the macroeconomic situation, which may adversely affect the quality of the bank’s assets.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject