Proactive technology (600183) in-depth reporting, cycle and growth resonance, 24 years of expected performance, Robin.
The company has been working on the pcb chain for many years. The company was established in 1985 and has been working on the pcb chain for many years. The main products include the copper and glue sheets, printed circuit boards, etc.
The Division's product matrix is rich, it continues to break through high-speed, high-frequency, enveloped base panels, and market competitiveness continues to rise, with a global market share of 14 per cent in 2023, and a global market for special copper panels continues to build on research and development inputs to promote the continuous innovation and development of advanced technologies, including in the area of high-speed products.
Chen Wei-Gwang achieved a full series of layouts and the product core indicators are at the global standard and certified by the global renowned terminalai server client.
The industry is expected to start a new cycle of rotation. As a core material for the production of printed circuit boards, coated copper, consisting mainly of materials such as bronze, fibre optics, epoxy resins, with conductors, insulations, support, etc.
These functions are widely used in a variety of end-use areas, such as consumer electronics, computers, communications, and automobile electronics. Faced with the rise in the prices of major raw materials this year, the overall crop rate of downstream pcb manufacturers has recovered, and the demand for the overcopper has been supported by successive increases in product prices by several copper-coated firms.
Given that h2 is approaching the e-consumption season, it is expected that, if raw material prices continue to rise, copper-plating enterprises will further increase the price of their products, and the elasticity of the company’s performance is expected to gradually release. Field expectations.
The product structure is optimized, prices are right, the overall rate of revenue and the Māori rate is on the rise; on the other hand, the Public Prosecutor’s Office is making good e-business performance and increasing corporate performance. The company has already made price increases for the products in May, and it is expected to release the performance.
High-end areas, such as high-frequency high-speed, sealing, where close cooperation is maintained with domestic and foreign head terminals, are now certified by materials from multiple North American and domestic end-users for ultra-low-depletion materials. As products are phased in, there is sufficient dynamic energy for subsequent performance growth.
The risk level in this report is moderate. 1. Copperboard: the industry is expected to start a new cycle of rotation upswings. Copperboards are widely used in multiple end areas.
As a core material for the production of printed circuit boards, the coatings are primarily responsible for conductivity, insulation, support, etc., and have a greater impact on the speed of transmission of electrical signals, energy loss and resistance to properties, and are widely used for the consumption of electronics, computers, communications, etc.
Figure 1: The copper sheet industrial chain, classified by mechanical performance, can be divided into rigid and scratchy copper sheets.
With a certain degree of hardness and resilience, including fibre-optic sheeting, paper-based panels, composite panels, metal-based panels, and so on, fr-4 are the most important products at present. The scratched copper sheet is made of electrolytic or pressurized bronze coatings, which are curable features that facilitate the assembly of electrical components.
Lines are classified into conventional rigid products (fr-4, non-lead-compatible products, non-halogen-free lead-compatible products, etc.), high-speed products, automobile products, ic wrapping products, etc. Copper plates are the main pcb material.
In terms of the composition of operating costs, direct materials account for the highest share, with Wil high, with 62.91% of operating costs in 2022. The direct material is dominated by copper plates, which consist mainly of copper, fibre optics, epoxy resin, and so on, at 42.1% and 26.1% respectively.
As a result, price fluctuations in copper, fibre optics, and epoxy resins will have a direct impact on the production costs of caps, pcb. Industry has experienced three major rounds of technological change.
The rapid technological development of 5g, ai and the widespread diffusion of the relevant endpoints have placed higher demands on copper sheeting materials, and the demand for high-frequency high-speed plates has increased further.
"Little thinner" "high frequency high-speed"
As electronics gradually penetrate, the thinning of the coatings: one of the parties uses traditional electronics.
In the face of the demands of the production process, the frequency of the application is mostly collected into people's daily working lives.
Everything, and the world, is very high, and it's mostly above and below 1 ghz, common.
Control of the glue in the perimeter of the green environment awareness, production, and full electrical capacity of the coating board.
As the electronics industry grows, it meets its requirements and is often subject to high-purity and impurities control at pcb.
Green environment requirements are also addressed, base plate flatness and size stability and terminal designer neglect.
Il. Adaptive to leadless processes for control of overlay; on the other hand, see. But high-frequency high-speed environments
The heat-resistance, the reliability of the copper plate, keeps it lightly, and the HF signal itself fails.
It's a very serious reduction, and on the other hand, it poses a much higher challenge, because even the performance is improved, often supported by the performance.
The melting point for unleaded cassiterite is higher, so that the transfer in the medium is effected by filling techniques or by modulating trees.
The coating board has to bear the effects of welding, fat formulas, targeted plus the properties of the coating board itself.
The temperature is higher. No halogenization, strong copper plate performance to adapt to end and limit, and then to create a signal.
This means that a new type of non-realization or even loss needs to be activated. So high halogen flame retardants, and trees need to be reconciled.
In the field of frequency high-speed applications, the electrical performance of the copper plate is very demanding.
The product formulations are more complex and have stronger technical barriers. The complex formulations of the coatings require the selection of the right raw material from thousands of high-molecular compounds and the identification of the best response matching, taking into account cost factors.
Examples of better physical, chemical, electrical, and environmental performance of products. Development requires a significant investment of human and material resources, typically two to five years of time cycle, with stronger technical barriers.
The copper board industry is both cyclical and growing. By collating the global gdp acceleration and the growth of the copper board output since 2010, it can be seen that the two are essentially in the same direction, and that the copper board has a higher rate of increase volatility. The main reason is that it is widely used as a core material for printed circuit boards, and is widely used for a variety of consumer electronics, communications, automobiles, home appliances, etc.
Economic and social development is closely linked, so the industry has a certain economic cyclicality. On the other hand, there has been rapid growth in the five-g communications, ai servers, automobile electronics, etc., and there is a growing demand for high-end copper plates, as well as industry, where high-end products are in urgent need of breakthroughs.
Copperboard products are dominated, and high-end products are still held by businesses in Taiwan, Japan, the United States, etc. In 2023, the price of copper sheet imports was as high as $27.74 per kilogram, while the price of exports was only $6.12 per kilogram, and the price gap between the two has been widening in recent years, and product high-end is in urgent need of a breakthrough.
The share of the market is only about 7% for a company that is home-grown, and the value of the coatings is still under pressure, falling by 8 to 13.8 billion dollars in the same year. Into 2024q1, there is an improvement in the demand for terminals such as electronics for downstream consumption and domestic electricity, as well as high demand for the ai, electronics for cars, and a warming of the pcb overall climate.
A step-by-step recovery in the recovery rate of the cappuccino crop, which generally shows a moderate trend, has been accompanied by a sharper increase in upstream raw-material prices, with several copper-plating firms starting to raise product prices. With the trend of warmer demand and higher product prices, the copper-plate sector is expected to recover further this year.
1.2 Cycle repeater: In terms of demand driven by rising raw materials prices and high end demand, consumer electronic demand has grown significantly, with the demand for laptops, tablets, laptops, laptops, and large-scale construction of 5g in the country and a growing volume of 5g mobile phones.
The rapid growth in motor motorization and intelligence has also increased demand for pcb. In the face of a sharp rise in raw material prices and high end demand, the corrosion sector has been able to shift cost pressures to pcb manufacturers through multiple price increases.
At least seven price hikes. A significant increase was recorded in 2021 in the performance of the overcoat manufacturer. Figure 16: Global market share of the overcoat 2023. Figure 17: Global market share of printed circuit boards 2022
The high-frequency high-speed panels require a very high level of electrical performance. The high-frequency high-speed panels need to meet the requirements of increasing the speed of transmission of information and reducing transmission losses. Electric performance is the main influence factor, mainly through the medium constant (dk), and the medium loss factor (df).
dk influences the rate of transmission of the signal, and the smaller the value, the faster the transmission: df influences the loss of the signal transmission, the smaller the value indicates the loss of the signal. HF high-speed panels need to meet both lower dk and df, but HF high-frequency boards focus on dk stability, mainly for products such as 5g base station, autopilot, etc., while HF boards focus more on high-speed boards.
df, designed to reduce transmission losses and improve signal quality, mainly for equipment such as servers, switches, etc. Universal server platform upgrades, increasing the value of the coating plates. In 2023, global service output fell by 6.0 to 13.32 million, depending on the same ratio, due to macroeconomic downside factors. With macroeconomic recovery, server demand is expected to cool down.
Trendforce expects an increase of 2.50 per cent in the volume of servers on a year-on-year basis. As a forward-looking indicator of server demand, the pcb transmission loss is occurring as the universal server platform is upgraded and the speed of transmission is increasing.
The bigger the problem, the higher the requirements for the coatings, the higher the material selection will go to verylowlos or ultralowlos, and the value will increase further.
Figure 18: The demand for a global server is high, and the cost of a cappex is expected to rise. The growth of overseas csp manufacturers is expected to be optimistic, and with the rapid rotation and widespread application of large models, the need for ari servers will continue to grow, with a rapidly growing volume of goods coming from a server expected.
Compared to traditional servers, the one server pcb was added mainly to the gpu team, including ubb, oam, and switchboardboard, with a corresponding increase in the area of circuit boards, coatings, etc. At the same time, the one server has very high requirements for signal transmission rates, loss, etc., and needs to further upgrade the material specifications of the coating plate, which is more difficult to produce, and will be of much higher value, according to the Taiwan industry.
Institute of Technology data, prices of ultralowlos, extreme/sollowlos materials increased by 29 per cent and 139 per cent, respectively, to a significant increase.
1.4 The industry is expected to start a new cycle of rotation increase in supply, with a recent increase in raw material prices, which, as at 15 July, had reached US$ 9,680/tonne for lme copper, and a recovery in overall crop activity, which supported the demand for the coatings, particularly in the areas of ai, motor electronics and so on.
Driven by the rise in raw materials prices and the improvement of the downstream landscape, headline firms took the lead on 19 March in issuing price increases of $10 per item for all products; on 20 May, a second round of price increases was opened, ranging from $5 to $10 per item.
The price of materials continues to rise, copper-plate companies are expected to increase the price of their products further, and the company’s performance elasticity is expected to expand the pcb chain for many years. The company was established in 1985 and has been deep-cultivating the pcb chain for many years, with a package of major products, including copper and glue sheets, printed circuit boards, etc., which are mainly for the production of singles, double-faced circuit boards and high multi-storey circuit boards.
A wide range of end-end areas such as aai servers, 5g devices, aerospace industries, chip encapsulation, auto electrons, home appliances, etc. After many years of development, corporate product matrices are rich and break-through in high-speed high-frequency, enveloped panels, market competitiveness continues to improve, with companies having a 14% market share in global copper plates in 2023 and special copper in the world.
The market share of the board is 7%. In the pcb business, companies operate mainly through electronics for the benefit of companies under the flag, positioning high- and medium-end terminal markets, and, according to the Chinese Electronic Circuit Industry List, published by cpca at its twenty-second session (2022), bioelectronics rank 23rd out of a total of 100 strong pcb.
Figure 30: Global Special Copperboard Market Share 2023 Figure 29: Global Copperboard Market Share 2023
Covers high-end areas such as servers, cars, high-frequency high-speed, envelope boards. In the high-frequency high-speed area, the company has developed a full range of high-speed products with various medium losses, different power application requirements, multi-tech high-frequency products, and multi-volume applications. In the automobile area, the company is connected to the smart network, smart drivers, smart cabins, smart electrics, car photos.
The areas of Ming have product application coverage and have been validated by the world’s leading Tier1 spare parts manufacturer, with steady mass expansion of production capacity and orderly deployment of offshore bases. After many years of development, the company’s copper coating capacity has expanded from 600,000 m2 of annual production at the start of the plant to 120 million m2 of annual production in 2023, with continuous expansion of production capacity.
In July 2023, the company announced that it would invest $1.4 billion in new copper coatings and glue production bases in Thailand, helping to open up overseas markets and better meet the demand for orders from international customers.
Table 4: Continental Corporation and Thailand Production Bases, New Holdings Group Limited, with 25.12 per cent shareholding; Togyong City State Hiro Investment Limited, and Weihua Electronics Corporation of Hong Kong, with 13.69 per cent and 12.51 per cent shareholdings, respectively, are the second and third largest shareholders, with a relatively fragmented equity structure.
On the management side, in June, the company completed a change of board of directors and appointed senior managers, elected Mr. Chen In-hee as its Chairman, appointed Ms. Cheng Hong Hui as its Managing Director, and the Chairman and Managing Director joined the company for many years, with a wealth of first-line experience, which is expected to lead the company to a new stage of development.
The company’s operating income grew from $7,418 million in 2014, with strong product power, brand power, and size advantages, and performed significantly better than industry averages. Sustained R & D inputs, breaking through high-end products. Corporate commitment to the “R & D generation, reserve generation, production generation” strategy.
5.07%. With years of technology closing, companies have made considerable progress in the high-frequency high-speed area, and high-frequency products have been developed that do not match the power application requirements, multi-technology route products; high-speed products have achieved a full range of layouts, including miclos, lowlos, verylowlos, ultralowlos, extremelowlos and higher-level materials, relevant product cores
Indicators are at the global standard and certified by a global renowned terminalai server client. In the case of capping, the company ' s products have been used in bulk in card wrapping, led, storage chip classes, etc., while breaking through key core technologies, at the higher end of the range of ap, cpu, gpu, ai products that are packaged with fc-csp, fc-bga as representative.
In terms of market share, the company, as the only domestic firm, was ranked as the special global copper sheettop 10 in 2023, with a market share of about 7%. The demand for swimming has improved, and the sales of corporate copperboard products have increased, while the product structure has been further optimized and prices have been better harmonized.
The overall recovery and the Māori rate have risen; on the other hand, the company’s good e-business performance has increased its corporate performance. Prices of raw materials such as copper, fibre optics, etc. have risen further in recent times, and, in the context of a downward trend in pcb demand, a number of companies have increased the price of their products, and companies have made price increases for the products in May, and are expected to release their performance.
In terms of growth, the company’s products cover high-end areas such as servers, cars, high-frequency high-speeds, seals, etc., where close cooperation is maintained with domestic and foreign head terminals in the ai domain, ultra-low-deficit materials are now certified with materials from multiple North American and domestic end-users. As the products are phased out, there is sufficient dynamic energy for the company’s performance to grow.
The prices of the main raw materials of the copper plate have risen further in the recent past, and in the light of the warming of the demand for the pcb downstream, the prices of the products have been raised successively, and the company has made price increases in May, which are expected to release. In terms of growth, the company’s products cover high-end areas such as servers, automobiles, high-frequency high-speeds, seals, etc., among which are the following:
Close cooperation is maintained with internal and external head terminals, where ultra-low-depletion materials have been certified by multiple North American and domestic end-users. Terminal demand is not as high as expected if downstream demand is released less than expected or if it adversely affects the performance of the company; Product thrust is not as high as expected: ai server is demanding overcopper material as technology development, product validation, and scale
(b) Increased competition in the sector: where the chain has a price-competitive approach to products or has an adverse impact on the performance of the company, note: the “market index” of this rating system,a the index with a depth of 300; and the three-strength index for the new three-board comparators.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.