Chinese life (601628.sh/2628.hk)
Today we participate in China’s Life Investors’ Open Day, which focuses on transformational gains and future development strategies and prospects in recent years. For the past, Chinese life has been optimized by a premium structure; for the future, companies will strategically favour one-second-line cities, and by improving the quality of their agents, the city will be able to make a difference.
Back to the company's valuation, the valuation is now at a historically low level, and the investment end is expected to improve this year, depending on the implementation of the company's follow-up business initiatives, China's life has been transformed in the past: China's life has optimized its premium structure over the past few years.
With the new management in place, the market has new expectations about the future of life. In conjunction with this opening day, we have a few judgments about the future of life: 1,
In the context of the consolidation of its county market, the country's life will be able to work with the central city to gain more market size; 2 - Life has a huge team of agents, with insurance and insurance channels at 2 million left.
As a State enterprise, the life of the nation will undergo further market-based reforms to increase the efficiency of its management and the application of large technology; a 3.3 per cent return on total investment in 4,302018 is expected to be low in the coming years, with the return of equity markets and the strengthening of integrated asset allocation management, investment ends or returns
Institutional investors account for the share of the circulation of a share in January: China’s life rate rose by 24.4 per cent to $157.8 billion in January, and is expected to be driven by a new single high growth rate.
We believe that, on the one hand, more preparation has been made for management's claim to “rejuvenation of the life of the nation” and, on the other hand, it is related to the characteristics of the product itself (high scheduled interest rates). For this year, life is expected to grow faster, driven by strong growth and renewal premiums.
Life is demanding and the future is worth looking forward to, and we continue to give the “buy-in” rating. Anticipated remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: Figure: 1 month life insurance premium increase (%)
Figure: China life history valuation, annex II: Consolidated balance sheet. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.