Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Industry 28 March 2019 Chinese Lifeline (60128.sh)
Nbv’s narrow business structure continues to be optimized.
Zhang 1st Latitude 2) New business values have been reduced by a narrow margin, agent quality and business structure have been optimized.
The value rate increased by 15.27 percentage points over the same period in 2017, and the decline in the value of new business throughout the year was narrower than in the first half of the year. The proxies insisted on a strategy to expand the quality of the product, with a qualitative improvement. In 2018, the size of the company ' s workforce stabilized at more than 1.7 million people.
An average monthly increase of 2.6 per cent in the number of people effective: 43.4 per cent in the size of the average monthly sale of specific guaranteed products, continued optimization of the company ' s contribution structure and product structure, proactive efforts to compress the silver insurance channels to pay premiums, an increase in the share of the premium paid, the effects of renewed operations and rapid roll-out of long-term guaranteed operations
In 2018, the company ' s first annual contribution amounted to $104,419 million, the share of the first annual contribution to the long-term insurance policy being 61.65 per cent and 46.35 per cent, respectively, of the first annual contribution.
The Division ' s health insurance operations have grown rapidly, with a total premium of $83,614 million in 2018, an increase of 23.5 per cent over the same period. Product security attributes have been further enhanced. 3) The return on investment has declined as a result of interest market fluctuations and the reduction in the Fund ' s dividends.
By the end of December 2018, companies continued to increase their interest rates by adding long-term fixed-income assets and optimize asset-liability matching.
Qualitative-credit financial product projects, tight control of credit risk; open-market equity investment gradually pushes the mix of policies The company, as the leader of its life risk, has the market share first in the domestic life risk industry. Focusing on value growth, it continues to push business architecture optimization.
By building a “scientific and technological life” that promotes the transformation and upgrading of the corporate management system, it enhances service capabilities and optimizes client experience. In 2019, the company opened its doors in a leading industry, with long-end interest rate curves moving downwards, and insurance product sales falling short of expectations.