Girconium (600585.sh) High performance growth, sufficient cash flow, q4 performance still flexible Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Corporate fundamentals (RMB) billion yuan (+31.86 per cent), net profit from the mother 9.808 billion yuan (+64.34 per cent) and net profit from the non-retroactivity from the mother 81.42 billion yuan (+53.67 per cent); in a single quarter q3 achieved operating income of 18.131 billion yuan
In the last three quarters, corporate sales continued to grow steadily, and we expect an average daily yield of more than 800,000 tons of cement clinker, an increase of around 4% over the same period last year; in the same period, cement prices increased significantly, with the average price of C42.5 in the q1-q3 East China region.
Three hundred and thirty-nine dollars per ton, an increase of 81 dollars per ton over the same period, and a substantial increase in performance due to a rise in volume prices.
Cement prices in the former East China region have reached year-round highs and are expected to remain resilient in the four quarters as the northern winter peak production is implemented and regional prices are expected to rise above expectations.
In the first three quarters, the company combined Māori rate was due to a small drop in prices due to the traditional low season in the last three quarters. At the same time, there was a gradual increase in cost control capacity, with a cost of 9.77 per cent for the period q1-q3, a decline of 2.87 percentage points over the same period, with management costs.
The decrease of 1.14 and 1.45 percentage points in rates of efficiency and management costs, respectively, is due mainly to an increase in sales volume, a healthy financial position per unit and a strong cash flow. At the end of the third quarter, the corporate asset liability rate was 26.35 per cent, and the financial position was good, with cash in hand increasing by 33 per cent from the beginning of the year.
At the same time, the future company may raise its dividends to a bright spot. During the reporting period, the net return on corporate investment was $1,934 million, an increase of $1,724 million over the previous reporting period, mainly due to the company’s possession of western cement, its new-power finance, its Qing Pong construction, and its cement stock.
The capacity continues to grow, and the internationalization process progresses steadily. The company ' s clinker production is currently at 244 million tons, the overseas project Cement clinker production line is being built and the environmental technologies are being improved. It is expected that new clinker production will be in place throughout the year.
At the same time, the process of internationalization of companies has been steadily moving forward, with projects such as North Su Sea conch, Laos, Cambodia, etc.
Workers, the 13th-Five-Five Company's overseas cement production capacity plan is expected to reach 50 million tons, and we think that the cement industry needs remain stable, that the industry will continue to work well together, that prices will be high, and that the public sector, as the leader, will benefit fully from the industry's recovery.
• Increased prices of raw materials and coal, significant decline in capital investment in real estate, and lower than expected implementation of faulty peak production Appendices: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.