Tail cement: strong performance growth, industry climate is expected to further upgrade conch cement (600585.ch/PN26.06, with no rating) to publish the Tri Quarterly 2017, first three seasons
50 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 32 per cent in the same year; $9.8 billion in net return to the mother, an increase of 64 per cent in the same year; $18.5 per share. Of this, $18.1 billion in operating income for the third quarter, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year; $3.1 billion in net return to the mother, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year.
And $1.4 billion, or more than 20 per cent of net profits, while q3 investment returns are only $50 million, net gains are fully derived from the main business, and returns are much better than in the previous two quarters.
After deducting this portion, q3 ' s operating profits increased by 33 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly from a year-on-year rise in cement prices in the East and North-West regions of China, followed by M & A and new overseas production and release, with an output increase of about 5 per cent.
2. Blood-producing functions are strong, and monetary funds remain above $20 billion. q3 operating cash flows into $3.8 billion, while capital spending is less than $300 million, and cash flows continue to improve. At the end of the three quarters, the company prepaid $2.9 billion, which is the best in history, with an increase of $1.1 billion in the ring, and three seasons for the good use of cash.
There is a possibility that the landscape of the industry will continue to rise. The boom that began in the second half of last year in the cement industry has not been driven by demand, as there has been little or no increase in cement demand in the last two years.
There has been a slight decline, but it is clear that the entire cement industry has seen more than a 50% increase in profits, mainly in the supply of some of the contractionary initiatives, including fault peak production, environmental inspectors, and so on, and that the scope and intensity of this is unprecedented in history. Next year, demand is expected to be largely stable and less visible.
Sliding, especially in the main battleground of conch cement, in the regions of East and South and South China, where demand growth is more certain, and supply-side disturbances still exist, so we think there's a possibility of a further upswing in the landscape of the cement industry in the fourth quarter and next year.
In terms of conch cement itself, the first three quarters of Roa was 11.96 per cent, not even 14 years of sub-scene construction materials: cement manufacture.
Cement prices have risen three rounds in the past two months, and the industry is expected to be more than 14 years old.