Girconium (600585), construction materials.
In January-September 2017, the company achieved business income of $50.4 billion, an increase of 32 per cent in the same year; net profit of $9.81 billion, an increase of 64 per cent in the same year; net profit of $8.1 billion, an increase of 54 per cent in the same year; net cash flows from operating activities of $8.8 billion, an increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year; and basic earnings of $1.85 per share.
Three-quarterly reports meet expectations, production costs rise, and cement volume rises. The company now earns $18.1 billion in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is $3.1 billion, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year, due mainly to the apparent increase in the company ' s costs during the single season.
The single-season increase was significant, with sales costs rising by 10 per cent over the same period, management costs by 8 per cent over the same period and financial costs by 70 per cent over the same period. The company’s financial costs rose significantly in the first quarter of the third quarter, mainly due to exchange losses incurred by overseas investment affiliates at the present stage of the Division.
Based on the company’s performance as published in the company’s 2017 quarterly report, it is expected that the company will achieve a 50-70% increase in the net return profit year-on-year (unaudited) for the year 2017, i.e. a net return of 128-14.5 billion yuan. Seal cement is an absolute leader in the cement industry, with income and performance levels.
This represents a relatively large share, accounting for 31% of the total sum of listed cement companies in 2016, and a 65% net return on listed cement. Although the rise in coal prices was evident in the first three quarters of 2017, resulting in higher operating costs for companies, reflecting their more stable profitability.
The future growth attributes of conch cement. The cement industry competes in the domestic stock market, its capacity expands, its demand is stagnated, depending on domestic capital and real estate investment, and demand is less likely to rise significantly. The key point for the future cement industry is to expand overseas, and companies are steadily moving abroad.
In Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, etc., according to corporate announcements, the company is currently designing cement overseas with a capacity of about 45 million t/a. Outreach abroad will enhance the profitability of the company and give it a growth dimension.
Conch Cement (600585). There is no doubt about performance, assuming that: 2 tons of company Maori have risen significantly as a result of the increase in the volume price of cement and 2 increases in the rates for cement and clinker, respectively
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.