The fall in copper and cobalt prices led to a decline in performance when companies achieved operating income of $4.48 billion in the first quarter of 2019, a decline of 39.75 per cent and a decline of 23.8 per cent; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $320 million, a decline of 79.2 per cent and a decline in the link.
In the first quarter of the year, the average prices of lme copper and mb cobalt were $6482.5 per ton and $18.5 per pound, respectively, reflecting decreases of 3.8 per cent and 52.6 per cent, respectively, and of the ring ratio by 8.7 per cent and 43.9 per cent respectively, resulting in a significant decline in corporate revenue and net profits. In addition, cobalt operations were settled over the next three months.
1. " Mining giants go back to the steps-the-company " , which makes the settlement of Markettomaret more volatile in the short term.
The second quarter is expected to begin to improve in comparison with the second quarter. 2. Multi-Purpose layout, rapid growth of international mining mega-magnetium, npm, strontium production has declined in comparison with the previous year, but production plans or approximations have been completed throughout the year: 2019
The production of molybdenum was 36.39 tons in the quarter, a decline of 20.7 per cent in the same year; the production of npm copper was 6971 tons in the same year, a decrease of 23.8 per cent in the same year, while the remaining production of tungsten, tfm copper cobalt and phosphate was almost the same. The production of molten, npm copper was down, resulting from a decline in the grade of the mines; the company would follow through with a return or expansion.
The fall in the production of thorium is due to the decomposition of the freshwater valley dam, which has had a short-term impact on more than 20 days and is now back in production, and is still expected to be completed throughout the year.
The acquisition of crossm, resulting in complementarities of production and marketing, trade speech and reserve quality projects: the company is now concentrated upstream in the industrial chain, and as a global non-ferrous metal trading company, the two sides are expected to achieve strategic complementarities that will help raise the bargaining power of listed companies.
To promote wider coverage of global metal mining projects and alternative investment opportunities by listed companies. (86755838300558)
Political changes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, resulting in the risk of companies failing to meet deadlines for local projects; the risk of lower-than-expected sales of new energy vehicles: weak macroeconomic growth leads to lower demand for cobalt.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment