The server cpu continues to rotate, and the memory interface chip is expected to accelerate investment ratings: the acquisition (first) of the cpu platform has accelerated.
The upgrade of the memory interface chip will require support from the cpu platform, after the intel sapphire's intergenerational replacement has been delayed. However, the new intel and amd cpu are now seen to have a ddr5, and the rate of updating has accelerated, and we believe that it is more conducive to the memory interface chip.
Since 2023, the server of Intel has accelerated with the release of emeraldrapids in December 2023, following the release of sapphiredrapids in early 2023, and based on the roadmap of Intel, it is expected that two servers will be released in 2024.cpu:sierraforest
The RAM rate supported by the new item cpu will be upgraded to 6400 mt/s in 2023, as compared with the firm ' s 300-deep trend and the RAM rate supported by the new item cpu.
In addition, the server cpu has a normal rhythm, releasing genoa at a rate of 4,800 mt/s at the end of 2022, and we expect the next generation of md to support a higher internal memory interface with an acceleration.
As the server cpu platform is upgraded, the supported ddr5 memory speed rate increases, and the corresponding memory interface chip is upgraded. According to jedec, the ddr5 memory module is compared to ddd4, adding three co-chips to rcd: spd, ts, pmic, etc.
The value of the whole chip will increase, so in the ddr5 iterative cycle, we think that the market size of the server's memory interface chip will increase significantly. As a company in the industry that can provide a full set of solutions, it is expected to benefit most from this process.
When the ddr5 data rate reaches 6,400 mt/s and above, the pc end memory module needs to be increased by a ckd chip that buffers the clock signal on the memory module. According to the roadmap of Intel, it will be released by 2024 and the RAM rate will be reached.
To 6400mt/s, we expect that when the new cpu is released, the ckd chip will gradually rise to zero-one, and that the technology will have a deep layout in the fields of pcierettimer and cxl, all of which already exist.
Corresponding chip releases, with the future growth in penetration of new technologies, are expected to open up more server/pccpu overlaps to companies than expected: ddr5 penetration is not as high as expected: new technologies should not be used as expected; geopolitical influences supply chain stability; and increased market competition.
1. cpu platform accelerates at an iterative rate. Intel continues to dominate the server cpu market, where the product iterative cycle determines 80% + to 70% + in 2022, while amd continues to gain market share from the absolute angle.
Intel is still the leader of the market at servercpu.
I don't know what you're talking about, others (counterpoint couterpoint)
An upgrade of the aws memory rate requires the support of the cpu platform, and from the upgrade of the intel past cpu, the server released in 2020, cpucooperlake, supported by a ddr4 memory rate, has been achieved.
3200mt/s, according to ddr4 sub-plans, this rate means that ddr4 sub-alternate changes entered in intel in the year in which it was originally planned to release in 2021 the first server that supported ddr5 memory, cpu productssapphire rapids, but for their respective reasons the release was delayed and eventually released in January 2023.
According to the Intel Act, sapphirerapids had a marked upturn in 23q3, leading to an uplift of theirasp. Taken together, sapphirerapids had a substantial delay of more than two years, which also led to a delay in the intergenerational replacement of the server from ddr4 to ddr5.
However, since 2023, the server cpu overlapped with the release of sapphire rapids in early 2023, emeraldrapids in December 2023, and based on intel roadmap, it is expected that two servers will be released in 2024, supported by new cpus: sierraforests and graniterapids.
The RAM rate will be upgraded to 6400 mt/s in 2023, which will accelerate the rotation rate of ddr5. In addition, the cpu-dd server, which supports ddr5-4800, was posted at the end of 2022, but in the first half of the year, it was less visible to drive the memory of the server ddr5.
For two main reasons, the market share of md is not high enough, and because the main top nodes of md's cpu platform genoa also occur in 23q3. In addition, md published bergamo, siena and cpu in 2023, supporting a ddr5 rate of 4,800 mt/s, and we expect the next generation of md cpu to be covered.
Figure 6mdgenoa became the main product of its cpu at 23q3.
I don't know, sure.sothewayiwouldframeitiswe'reverypleasedwith ourarterperformoneceastrelatestoppycoverall.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The server cpu release of chart 7amd is expected to accelerate the memory interface.
According to jedec standards, the ddr5 memory module, in addition to the RAM particles and RAM interface chips, would require three combination chips, namely, the serial detection hub (spd), the temperature sensor (ts) and the power pipe (pmic).
The solution is one of the two companies that currently offer a full set of solutions around the world. Figure 9 contains the tech ddr5 memory interface chip and the accompanying chip. Figure 8 contains the quarterly income of the interconnected chip (millions of dollars).
The server increases the velocity of its memory, and the corresponding memory interface chip upgrades, thereby increasing its value. From 2016 to 2020, ddr4, replacing ddr3, became the mainstream memory specification, and dddr4, the rate of ddr4, is gradually increasing. During this period, we can see that the engraved interconnected chipasp is held high and present.
In 2023, as the cpu in support of ddr5, the penetration rate of the dddr5 memory increased, leading to a gradual increase in the volume of ddr5 memory interface chips. This year, in the context of going to stock, the dddr5, which led to a relative increase in the volume of the dddr5, contributed to a two-quarter increase in the income of the technology interconnectivity chip, and
The Māori rate has gradually risen to 66%, an increase of about 12 pct over q1. And the company’s ddr5 second-generation interface, which began to scale out, is expected to continue to rise.
As the ddr5 memory module increases by three ancillary chips compared to the dddr4, and the value of the whole chip increases, we believe that the market size of the server's memory interface chip will increase significantly during the ddr5 iterative cycle. As a company that can provide a full set of solutions in the industry, it is hoped that it will be the largest.
Figure 12 takes advantage of the Māori rate of the tech-connected chip, Figure 11 takes advantage of the quarterly income of the interconnected chip (millions of dollars), and when the data rate reaches 6,400 mt/s and above, the pc end memory is like the udim of desktops and laptops.
The sodimm module must use a dedicated clock-driven chip to buffer the clock signal on the memory module and re-drive it in order to meet the integrity and reliability requirements of the high-speed clock signal. According to Intel roadmap, it will release anarrowlake in 2024, which will support a RAM rate of 6,400 mt/s, so we anticipate that the RAM rate will be 6,400 mt/s.
When the new item cpu is released, the ckd chip, which has grown, will gradually rise to zero-one-one. There are also deep layouts in the areas of pcierettimer and cxl. As the speed of the pcle rises, the problem of signal decline and reordering of reference clocks is highlighted, for example.
To compensate for the wear and tear of high-speed signals, the quality of the signals is enhanced by adding hypervelocity time-series integration chips (retimer) to the chain. Pcie 5.0 retimer has already been produced in January 2023 and can be applied to typical applications such as one server, nvmessd, risercard, etc.
The mxc chip is a cxl memory extension control chip, which is the third setup type defined in the cxl protocol. The chip can provide high bandwidth, low-delayed high-speed interconnectivity solutions for cpu and cxl-based equipment, thereby enabling memory sharing between cpu and the cxl device, which is significantly enhancing system performance.
At the same time, software stack complexity and overall data centre ownership costs (tco) were significantly reduced. In May 2022, the company released its first global cxl memory extension control chip (mxc).
Figure 16 sets in motion the technology mxc chip application scenario, which is not as fast as expected; ddr5 penetration is not as high as expected; new technologies are not being applied as expected; geopolitical influences supply chain stability; and market competition is increasing.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively from publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.