Production and sales of the continuing title industry, battery outside for assessment with intelligence or assistance in second-time flight - Biadi (002594) dynamics
It is recommended (for the first time) that Biadi's recent announcement: about 90,000 new energy vehicles were sold in November, yoy + 242%, qoq + 13%, and about 510,000 in January-November.
The company is the world's leading electric vehicle company, covering the areas of electric vehicles, storage/dynamic batteries, semiconductors, a well-structured industrial chain, and core technological autonomy.
In January-November, the company sold about 510,000 new energy vehicles, and yoy+217% of them. According to China Air Association data, China sold 450,000 new energy vehicles in November, China 2.99 million new energy vehicles in January-November, and the company’s share in January-November.
17%, one month over 20% in November, and the city's share is expanding. According to FMC data, in January-November 2021, the company ranked first in the retail sales of new energy by car, and in November, in the top five sales of electric cars, the company Qin, Han, and dolphins occupied the second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, and second, second, second, second, second, and second, second, second, second, second, and second, second, second, second, second, and second, second, second, second, second, and third, second, second, second, and third, second, second, second, second, second, second, second, and third, second, second, third, and, second, second, third, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most., most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most, most
In November, the company Song, Tang, Yuan took the second, fourth, and sixth places in the electric suv retail ranking.
The gold track for a large-pound car-car-sized electric car, and the data on the sale of good-eyes highlight the company’s core competitive advantage, and the future of the city is expected to increase further. We believe that the current market is expected to rise further in 2022, at a time when the company’s product is on the move.
Batteries open the ceiling, smart speeds add flowers, corporate batteries open the ceiling. The company takes over the two main gold races of power and storage, battery technology, especially lithium, and blade batteries.
In January-November 2021, the cumulative capacity of the company ' s power and storage batteries reached about 33gwh, of which 4.88gwh in November, showed an impressive performance. In the field of storage energy, industry demand was strong in 2022, high-speed growth was certain, and companies relied on high quality.
Battery performance is expected to keep opening the market space; in the power sector, it's expected that future customers will be able to open up the ceilings by providing one gas, Ford, Toyota, and so on. On the whole, we expect the company's lithium batteries in 2022 to be in storage, power.
With external supply and self-supply, the output is expected to increase more than double. Intelligent accelerations add flowers. In contrast to the new forces, companies are temporarily under-intelligent in terms of intelligence, but they are already increasing dramatically in intelligent layouts.
Laser Radar's leading companies, smart-driving chip supplier horizons, high-precision map field, and the creation of smart drivers with Momenta.
At the same time, the company raises speed smart driving layouts around laser radars, high-precision maps, chips, algorithms, etc.
It is believed that battery sales and smart speed lifts are expected to help companies fly twice. Deep-farmed electric car gold lanes, renewed industry contribution carbon neutrals, forward-looking company patterned electric car lanes, and continued adherence through the cycle.
In terms of the platform, the dm-i platform and the e platform 3.0 have been built to achieve intensive production. In terms of the layout of the industrial chain, the company has done some work.
We believe that the company insists on the electric track, actively embraces change, and makes up for shortness.
The board, self-renovation, and an active response to a global wave of electric intelligence that highlights competitive excellence and leadership. Based on the company’s high-quality track, the lead role is highlighted, and batteries are available to open smallpox.
We appreciate the company’s medium- and long-term upward development opportunities and give a “recommended” rating. Policy volatility risks; downstream demand is lower than expected; product prices are less than expected;
The new energy car team introduced Dr. Yin Bin: Science, Chief of New Energy. 4 years of business + 5 years of securities + 1 year of fund experience.
As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related industrial chains of listed companies and new energy vehicles.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.