Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) company annual report 2021 and company revenue of $21.61 billion in 2021, a year-on-year increase
Qualified sales, q4 performance, circulation equity (millions of shares) win-win industries. Benefiting from the growth in sales, the company’s collection ends have been steadily rising.
Net profits of $600 million, 27 per cent lower than the previous year, mainly due to higher prices of raw materials and a decline in the performance of Biadi Electronic q4 (infested by the epidemic, capacity utilization is low). Companies are now working on sufficient orders, and product capacity is fully recognized by their clients, leading to a sustained high growth in sales in 2022.
The ocean, the upswing, the high-end, the four main product groups, where the Dynasty Network is well-placed, the Ocean Network is well-placed, young and beautiful, and the high-end network is a powerful tool for companies to break through.
By 2022, the company will be further developed, also for a year, based on the technology fundamentals of the e3.0 platform and dmi, and through further refinements in the product category, it will be expected to lead to a simultaneous increase in the sales of Biadi products and brand premiums.
Macroeconomic growth decelerated: uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector: risks such as increased competition in the vehicle market for new energy sources. 1. Sales remain strong and product lines are steadily improving
3. Sales have continued to rise, mixed with pure power New Energy and Automotive Research Group on Securities in Huaan: Covering New and Automobile Industries: Song Weizheng: Five Years of Experience in Automobile Industry Studies, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering areas such as passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.