In January 2022, new energy sales continued at a high rate, and sales in 2022 were expected to drive high growth.
\triangleright, where factories such as Changzhou/Kingzhou/Yingyung/Jinnan are gradually being put into production, the company's new energy by car sales are expected to hit 1.1 million vehicles in 2022, with a high growth in performance.
Pure power and hybrid drive, with a strong product cycle to consolidate the new-energy car leader. The sales volume in the Han/Don/Song/Qin/ Yuan/e/ocean series reached 1.28/0/91/2.24/2.65/0.86/0.44/10.06 million in January, stable, e/sea series with steady rises; the Han new energy source broke down for five months and continued to lead the Chinese brand.
Medium and large sedan markets. 465,000 vehicles sold in Biadidm, i.e. +760.6 per cent/ring ratio + 4.6 per cent, demand continued to explode, dm sales accounted for 49.9 per cent of the company's new energy sources and ring sales were +1.9 per cent; of these, Handm/All New Tang dm/Songdm/Qinplusdm-i sales amounted to 0.27/0.88/1./64/85 million, respectively.
1. Biadei (002594) December sales rating: product ring ratio - 4.0 per cent; of these, Hanev sold 10.1 million vehicles, which had broken tens of thousands for three months in a row, remained stable at the large array precision card position in pure electric power, full multi-dimensional technological empowerment, leading ground
Car top1; Dolphins sold 10.6 million as an e-platform 3.0 start-up, unwieldy ring position.docx2.
+5.9% broke for two months in a row, and sales continued to climb up the slope; Yuan Pro sold 6596 vehicles in January, and Yuan plus half-yearly reviews: Modified car models continue to be released, first-month performance, pre-sale orders break in only one month. After the dynasty series, the company pushes the ocean, the warship series, and then the sea.
Multi-car models such as gulls, seals, sea lions, and destroyers 05, product matrixes are expanding at an accelerated pace, company new energy gas 3. Biyadi (002594).
Quickly report that sales in February have increased by the same amount, and that the new vehicle is going to increase the amount of major R & D inputs and the power of electric intelligence in the full range of products. In November 2021, Biadei shares 4.
Launch of the 50 million shares of the new h stock scheme to raise a net amount of HK$13.8 billion (approximately HK$11.4 billion for people) to evaluate strategic cooperation events: to supplement operating funds, research and development inputs, etc., and to further enhance the competitiveness of electric intelligence.
Together, the co-opt smart driving market i/ high power dm-p/ high-intelligent electric platform e3.0 casts corporate leaders in the field of mingle, leading intelligence 5.
Electric car track; new energy car core blade battery, igbt technology to set up industry technology poles, compared to the following: new energy-driven business growth, new model sales Adi semiconductor products, in addition to supplying Biade Group, have entered Kokang, Wootong, Fukuda,
As an important step in the strategy of opening up the Biadi supply chain and splitting up the market, the semiconductor start-up board is expected to continue to empower products and enhance the competitiveness of companies.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.