The Sini San Reconnaissance Reporter (002594.sz)
There is a rapid shift in technology and a steady increase in market ownership, and there is a high rate of growth in all three of the company’s businesses.
Significant increase in the volume of vehicles benefiting from new energy sources, 33.93 per cent, or 52.04 per cent of total income; continued increase in the share of mobile phone parts, assembly and other product operations benefiting from the major Andre clients, 43.99 per cent, or 40.00 per cent of the total income of the group; and income from secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations
Automotive activity has accelerated, and companies continue to grow in the new-energy car market. Market data: By March 30, 2022, the domestic market for new-energy cars in Biadi reached 17.1 per cent, and grew by almost 8 per cent during the year, better than most.
“dm-i super-mixing”, “knife battery” and “e-platform 3.0” are the core selling points. The value of the Bia didm-i supermix series stands out, and after Qinplus, Songplus, Tang’s hybrid series is on the market, the shares a/total share capital (billions):
The sales are rising every month. Since the blade battery was placed on the market, good slogans have been created, and the use of lithium phosphate has increased the market value of the circulation a (billions): the battery is safe, meets the basic continuation, and reduces the cost.
The Dolphins have been on the market for months, gaining market recognition, following up with the continued support of the e-platform 3.0-type car policy, and increasing the competitiveness of new energy vehicles. The New Energy Vehicle Purchase Subsidy Policy is likely to have a portion of the loading by the end of 2022. In addition, “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” and so on.
Central policies, card limits, and local policies have also shown a continuing tendency toward new-energy cars’ specialties. Fuel-car concessions have been gradually reduced since 2020, and new-energy car prices can be compared to the same-priced ones.
The price of battery raw materials, the shortage of chips, the rate of Maori for cell phones, the demand for medical protection products, etc., has fallen by 3.63 pct over 20 years.
The net annual profits are down from 20 years. Biadi has shown a strong power from technology to the market, and in recent years new models have been introduced in the product \triangleright
There is also a gradual improvement in power and quality. In the future, some of the new energy vehicles are expected to continue to grow at a high rate as a number of new platform-based products are marketed, and as a result, at the end of the 2022 subsidy, a 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
Central China, 28 West Side Street, Beijing, 7th floor of the intercentre.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, involved in this report.
He or she undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, status or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the benefit of another person.