Summary of events: On 3 March 2022, the company released its February sales data, with a vehicle production of 9.14 million vehicles, with a low performance on the vehicle market in the month of \triangleright, which, according to the Federation's projections, was equal to +31 per cent/ring ratio - 30 per cent in February.
In February, the company sold 8,750 new vehicles by car, which is +764.1%/ring ratio - 5.8% of the same year, and won the market. Despite the impact of the subsidy slopes, the price of raw materials and other factors, the company's sales were still higher than expected, with price increases ranging from 1 to 7k in the end, reflecting the demand resilience of powerful products.
With a ring ratio of 4.8%, pure power versus hybrid double-wheel drive, which is at the same rate of growth, we expect the demand for dm to continue booming this year, accelerating the replacement of fuel trucks. We expect that the company’s new energy fleet will be sold in 2022. We expect that the Qing Dynasty + Ocean series will continue to be validated, that the powerful product cycle has come, and that the expansion will accelerate overseas.
\triangleright sells a series of 77.7 million vehicles, or -2.2 per cent ring ratio, of which the flag ship, Hanev, sells 0.9 million vehicles per month, or +118.1 per cent/ring ratio-10.6 per cent, and runs the large sedan market in the autonomous brand and promotes an autonomous high-end process;
Biyadi (002594), January Quick Report: Pure 20,000 to 300,000 suv of the Tang series, ring + 15.1%, new generation of the flag ship, electric commingling, 2022.
Biadi (002594) December sales rating: 10,000 products, ring ratio + 9.3 per cent/-7.7 per cent; Qin plusdm-i, Songphev, Songdm, etc., are expected to be the main vehicle type, matrix precision card position, full multidimensional technology, top ground
A steady contribution will be sold; in February, the first tidal run of the e3.0 platform, the sumv plusev, will be officially on the market. Docx will be the first global model in Biadei's seaboard strategy, synchronized at $70,000 higher in the Australian market.
3. Biyadi (002594), sold in 2021, is expected to open up overseas markets.
Sales continue to climb. Multi-car models like gulls, seals, sea lions and destroyers 05 are expected to be phased in in 2022.
The company’s long-term logic continues to be fulfilled. At the industrial level, the company’s core, spare parts and blade batteries continue to go out for long-term safety, north gas, one-breeding cars, and one-voltage Fordi batteries (45gwh/)
5. Biyadi (002594) and Horizon launch a strategic cooperation event stocktaking: strong links to the horizon, shared intelligence driving market
Annual capacity is expected to reach 285/430gwh; companies semiconductor build industry technology, stick, build stable supply chains with batteries, have upstream voice, and strengthen corporate competitiveness. At the technology end, companies are spearheaded by high-economic and dynamic dm platforms, creating e3.0 flats.
The platform opens a cycle of pure electricity, and the platforming capability is continuously validated.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.