Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Company released sales data for February 2022, when 88,283 new energy vehicles were sold, and 87,473 new energy vehicles, an increase of 764 per cent over the same period.
• Double power of blended and pure trams, with strong sales. According to the split model, this month's commingled and pure trams sales were 44,300 and 43173 respectively, with liquidity (millions of shares)
In response to spring events, the sales ring ratio has declined, and the elimination of spring events remains strong. It and 24503 are still strong. The competitiveness of the car based on the e3.0 platform has been gaining prominence, with the N.Y.A. and dolphin sales of 89553 and 8565, respectively, in February.
The price of the company compares well with the trend of 300 deep, with a strong new product cycle, and the current boom of the company’s dmi, Song, Qin, Yuan, etc., has a longer cycle of hot-car pick-up.
At the same time that Handmi is about to be on the market, the company’s car layout in the hybrid area will be further refined, and the subsequent ocean series in the hybrid area is still to be expected. At the same time, in the pure electricity sector, the company has launched platform e3.0 with four features: “intelligent, efficient, safe, aesthetic.”
The new ocean series, based on the e3.0 platform, is in the hot market phase and will be followed by more ocean series models based on the platform, which will gradually increase corporate competition in the pure electricity sector.
Risks such as increased competition in the car market. 1. Performance meets expectations, sales are steadily up. 2. Sales continue to rise, mixed with pure electricity.
3. Improved profitability ring ratio, dmi sustained release of new energy and automobiles in Huaan: coverage of new electricity and automobile industries, Song Weigen: five years of experience in automobile industry, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, master ' s degree in research areas covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.