Product matrix precision cards, full-scale multi-dimensional technology, leading position difficult to shake. Summary of events: company production and sales data released in December 2021, with a vehicle production of 973,000 vehicles in December, compared to the previous year
Short-term sales have largely come to an end, and demand for new energy vehicles continues to be strong. By December, Biadi produced 92,000 vehicles, i.e. +218.64 per cent/ring ratio + 0.89 per cent, and sold 9.39 million vehicles, i.e., 60.38 million vehicles, i.e., +21.8.3 per cent of the year ' s cumulative new energy sales, i.e., in late December.
Land production has been affected to some extent by the epidemic, and production has been misaligned across the board in December. To date, production at the Xian base has largely returned to normal, short-term energy pressure has been eased, and demand for new energy vehicles has continued to be strong.
The Dynasty series uses Don and Han to cut into the new high-end energy market, and Han is prominent as the core of the company’s high-end strategy. Qin and Song’s new energy sources quickly seized 15-20 million cars and 10-15 million suv markets, respectively, with a clear price setting and a sharp competitive edge. Qin’s new energy sales reached 164,000 in January-November 2021.
New energy sub-91%. The company continues to enhance hybrid R & D and product layout, and the dm model sells to the company ' s new energy sources.
The market is broken down by a dolphin layout of less than 100,000 pure electric a0s, with high value for money and rejuvenation elements, which continue to contribute. 2. Biodee (002594).
The company's new energy sales are over a million-dollar scale. The company's product matrix is rich, it's card-based, it's got a new energy pole, it's got a strategic collaboration with the horizon: it's connected to the horizon.
Powered intelligence development, multi-dimensional technology builds core barriers and fully benefits from accelerated penetration of electric cars.
4. Biadi released a January launch of the Dm technology and e platform core competitiveness, power cell and semiconductor technologies assessed in a more competitive manner: new energy-driven business growth, new vehicle sales
High-economic dm-i/high-power dm-p technology casts the company's leading position in the field of mixing; high-intelligent, efficient, high-intelligent electric platform e3.0 helpers leading a smart electric vehicle; new energy gas 5. Biyadi released a dm-i platform and a new one.
Blade batteries, igbt technology for vehicle core parts and components, industry technology markers, robust development of a full range of technology enabling products, Car-type Incident Assessment Report: dm-i economy energy savings, achieving the promise to drive companies up the price and benefit fully from the accelerated diffusion of electric vehicles.
Fuel truck parity, investment proposal: due to chip shortage and epidemiological factors, we're going down 21 years to forecast net profit, up. \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.