Structural optimization and robust risk management Events: 14 March, Peace Bank issued a 2024 report. 146,770 million yuan (Yoy-1.9 per cent) was collected in 2024; net profit to mothers was $44.51 billion (Yoy-4.2 per cent); a negative rate of 1.06 per cent was provided for coverage
The drop in revenue continues to shrink, and the non-interest income supports the energy. 2024 Safe Banks collects and returns net profits \triangleright \triangleright +1.6 pct, 4.4 pct, respectively, at a similar rate of increase of 24 q3. Other non-interest revenues are broken down by the collection structure.
Retail structures continue to be optimized, with a significant increase in the size of the public.
Credit support in the field, proactive restructuring of assets and upgrading of the ratio of high-quality assets. The lower size of individual loans is due to the proactive optimization of retail operations and the promotion of a “volume, price, risk” balance between the three-quarterly reporting points in 2024 of the Bank of Peace (00001.sz).
Insist on supporting the real economy, the cost of indebtedness is continuously reduced.
The return on the loan was 4.88%. This was due to the impact of factors such as lower interest rates on the loan market offers and adjustment of interest rates on stock mortgages, higher pricing, lower rates of return on new loans, lower rates of negative returns on the driving portfolio, and better retail quality.
\triangleright 4. Peace Bank (00001.sz) 2023 Annual Report Review: active restructuring of the credit structure and consolidation of the wealth base - 2024
1.39 per cent of retail loans at the end of 24q4, down by 4bp from the end of 24q3, with mortgages, operating loans, assessment: private business bright, with steady repairs - 2023/10/Import proposals: structural optimization, quality improvement, strengthening of capital endogenous capacity
\triangleright proactively optimizes the structure of retail lending operations and promotes “volume, price, risk” balanced development. At the same time, strengthens risk management, proactively optimizes asset and group structures, and maintains asset quality.
\triangleright Figure 1: Equal rate of increase (cumulative) in the performance of the Bank of Peace up to 24q4
Figure 3: Other non-interest-bearing income as of 24q4 increased (cumulative) by the same rate (cumulative)
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.