China can build (601868.sh) energy power, new energy power generation, new growth poles, new energy power generation, “buy-in” rating
China is committed to providing integrated services to the global energy power, infrastructure, etc., with a broad coverage and a more complete industrial chain. The company has a prominent position in the energy-building industry, where new-sign construction works have been combined to sustain growth, and where new power generation units have rapidly increased in size, each with the advantage of full industrial chain integration.
Business development is robust, and the level of profitability is stable. We expect that the company ' s net profit from 2023-2025 will be sufficient for a new contract order for engineering construction, with a wide range of incremental power generation from new sources.
New energy sources, combined smart energy, traditional energy, urban construction, and integrated transport account for 35.82%, 25.15%, 21.41%, 5.69% respectively, and new energy sources and combined smart energy orders are growing faster. New energy generation is expected to sustain high-quality development in the context of national “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality.”
The company ' s new energy grid capacity of 4.99gw is expected to grow at a double rate through investment, design, construction, operational integration, expansional construction and lower operating costs, operating income and profitability.
(1) Design consultancy: 17.460 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 18.3 per cent over the previous five years; construction: including construction materials, civil blasts and equipment manufacturing, dismantling of IPP to re-market and further expansion of financing sources. (3) Real estate development: companies deep-plough one-line and core second-line cities while running the core two-line operations.
The city’s business and travel assets, which contracted in 2022 as a result of the downside of the industry, also gained a relatively high level of land reserves from large integrated projects such as Guangzhou, Changsha and Yuan in many ways during the year.1 For more than 50 years of development, the Guo Chai Dama shares were taken into the market
China Energy Construction Ltd. was established on 19 December 2014. The company was co-sponsored by China Energy Construction Corporation Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the General Electricity Planning Institute. The company first publicly raised its shares (3996.hk) on the China Hong Kong United Exchange in 2015, and in 2021 absorbed the shares of the Gahju Dam Group.
The company is limited and listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (601868.sh).
In July of the same year, the Goi Chau Dam was established to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. After the restructuring of the national electricity grid and the incorporation of the Goi Chau Dam Group, the company officially entered a stock listing.
1.2 In 2021, with the approval of the CSRC, China Energy Construction Co. Ltd. merged with the China Guezhou Dam Group Inc. by issuing shares. After the merger, the Guehu Dam (600068.sh) ended its listing, and China closed the market.
By the end of the first quarter of 2023, the China Capable Group held 44.82% of the company’s shares (43.43% holding a share and 1.39% h share) and 0.24% of the company’s shares indirectly through the General House of Electricity Planning.
Figure 2: China can build 100 per cent direct and indirect shares in the Goji dam as a result of the merger, with a steady increase in the share of new energy operations and a steady increase in the share of corporate ownership in construction, the energy industry and related environmental, real estate, cement and civil blasts
In the area of fragmentation, in recent years, while consolidating and developing the main power-engineering industry, there has been continuous transformation and upgrading, the development of non-electric construction operations, the gradual expansion of new and integrated smart energy operations, the continuation of the business sector in the area of construction, the steady and steady growth in the company's operating income in recent years, and the firm's aggressive implementation of the two-carbon strategy in 2022.
The rapid growth of energy contracting and investment operations such as the ppp, which led to the development of non-electric services, such as integrated transport, resulted in an annual operating income of $36.639 billion, an increase of 13.7 per cent over the previous year, of which construction operations accounted for 73.9 per cent and remained at more than 70 per cent for the last three years and remained company-led; and investment operations, industrial manufacturing, real estate and surveying in 2022.
Millions of dollars, 20.2% more than in the same year, and sufficient orders will also provide a good basis for subsequent corporate performance release. Thanks to growth in revenue collection and improved cost control, the company achieved a net return profit of $7.81 billion in 2022, an increase of 20.1% compared to 20.1% in 2022, with the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate falling by 0.8 and 0.2 cent respectively in 2022.
For the second year in a row, the Māori ratio declined and the Māori ratio of survey design and consulting, investment operations and real estate operations was relatively stable.
Corporate engineering operations include, inter alia, new energy sources within and outside the country and integrated smart energy sources, traditional energy sources, urban construction, integrated transport and other engineering operations.
A total of 14 major engineering works with special qualifications, 10 engineering designs with level A qualifications, 21 engineering surveys with level A qualifications, 245 all types of engineering works with first-level qualifications covering hydropower, electricity, construction, municipalities, roads, ports and waterways, mines, electrons, foundations, bridges, tunnels, steel structures, environmental protection, etc.
The contract value was $991.01 billion, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period, of which orders for new and combined smart energy, traditional energy, new energy and combined smart energy were signed at a faster rate.
In 2022, the company signed a new contract for the construction of traditional energy projects amounting to $249.25 billion, an increase of 23.5 per cent compared to 2022.
The company represents the highest level in the world in the field of fire and electricity construction, which is taking place mainly in the regions of Guangdong, Hunan, Fujian, Shanxi, Hebei, and Inner Mongolia. In recent years, the company ' s fire and electricity construction operations have been hit by domestic coal calls, but the scale of its operations has remained high. In 2022, the company signed a new Xinjiang power supply of Changjiangma coal.
The first phase of the integrated pit power plant, the construction of a new gas power plant by the Kawasaka Group, and the traditional electric power project, such as the General Contract for the Peak Power Plant Project of the Huai River Energy Group (Yangzhou). Figure 16: China can build the An Qui Xiao Energy Group, 2022 of the East House of China
The Xiangzhou Gas Transfer Peak Power Plant Project, the main contractor for the construction of hydropower projects, was qualified to carry out a number of major hydroelectric works, such as the Goose Dam Water Hub Project, the Yangtze Three Gorge Project, many of which received national awards for quality engineering or the Lubban Prize.
Inner China has signed a 3.9 million kilowatt pumping power plant project in the Republic of Hainan Province of Qinghai Province (Dolom), and contracts have been signed abroad for the Congo (Bou) water power plant and the accompanying transmission of electricity.
Figure 18: The largest installation in Shandong Province, where China can build the Gojia Dam II company, produces power from the Big Man Ridge Pumping Energy Plant. The company has nine subsidiaries with conventional nuclear power, with 90 per cent of the nuclear power delivered in the country.
The above-mentioned conventional island survey design, more than 66% of the conventional island construction project, involved the construction of more than 40 conventional island projects, such as the Guangdong Xinging Au, Jiangsuda Bay, the Hainan Changjiang nuclear power project. Both Guangdong and Zhejiang electric power have nuclear island installation capabilities, and have been installed on the Yangtze nuclear power project No. 5, 6 nuclear island installation contracts and Ishishima Bay in Shandong City.
In 2022, the company successfully signed a contract for the installation of the station's nuclear power station at the nuclear island of the Shandong Haiyang nuclear power project, Unit 3, and its bop main project. In the area of transmission and conversion engineering, the company was operating in ultra-high voltage and smart power grids, soft direct transmissions, large-scale transmissions of electricity.
In 2022, the company signed projects such as the Project for the Transfer of Power in KiloV (underground), the Project for the direct transmission of electricity to the dam-Shanghai ~800 kV, and the Project for the direct transmission of electricity in Yunnan Chu, Guangdong ~800 kV.
The new energy engineering areas of the company include wind power, photovoltaic heat, wind complementarities, biomass power generation, oil shale, rock power generation, distributed energy, and new storage energy.
In 2022, new contracts were awarded for new energy and integrated smart energy projects amounting to $35.5 billion, an increase of 84.2 per cent compared with 84.2 per cent.
Between 2020 and 2022, the rate of increase was more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with new contracts for power generation covering a number of new energy generation types, including wind power, photovoltaic, storage and hydrogen energy, expanding overseas to a number of countries, including Viet Nam, Kazakhstan and South Africa.
The company's non-electric engineering operations include, inter alia, urban construction and integrated transport operations, the 2021 new contract money, the active participation of companies in integrated urban development, new urbanization, industrial park development, the opening of the city, the housing construction market, and the completed representative projects, including the Shanghai East Sea Bridge and the Longwater International Airport in Kunming.
In 2022, cities such as Beijing, Changsha, Haiguchi and the United Arab Emirates, including Abu Dhabi, Sri Lanka and Malaysia, were established for urban renewal and housing projects. In 2022, new contracts were awarded for construction operations in the city of the company, amounting to $21.26 billion, an increase of 26.4 per cent.
In the area of integrated transport, companies have developed and actively promoted capacity-building programmes for cross-fertilization, focusing on the road industry, accelerating the development needs for green low-carbon modes of transport, and proposing a four-dimensional integration of energy, facilities, information, industry, etc.
In the business area, the company has taken over a large number of ppp projects in recent years, and the ppp projects that have been signed are based on government payments. In 2022, the company signed a new contract with the county to Xiaoyang highway from Shuyuan to Kim Mai ppp, the Haimen project.
At the end of 2022, the company contracted 106 ppp projects with a total investment of $527.94 billion.
New energy sources have increased in scope, the size of installed power is increasing 3.1, new energy sources are growing rapidly, wind power has become the main source of new installed power generation 2022, domestic new energy sources and aggregates in the context of national efforts to promote supply-side reforms, decoalization of excess capacity, etc.
The development of smart energy sources has been accelerated, with additional capacity generated mainly from non-fossil energy generating machines, wind power and solar power generating 125 million kW throughout the year, representing 63 per cent of the country ' s new installed power units, and wind power and photovoltaic generating more than 55 per cent of the country ' s new electricity generation.
At the policy level, in the case of electricity and electricity, in recent years the State has issued, inter alia, an opinion on the promotion of structural reforms on the supply side to address the risk of overcapacity in coal production, a guide to the reform of the system for deepening the feed-in tariffs of coal-fired electricity generation, and a circular on the implementation of the 2020 priority area for the resolution of excess capacity through the use of coal for coal combustion.
In the medium and long term, we believe that future developments in the field of thermal power will focus on energy-efficient and environmentally friendly coal-fired power plants with large capacity and high parameters.
For hydropower, our hydroelectric capacity is concentrated in the south-west, central and north-west China, and the distribution of electricity is much more geographically and regionally unequally distributed. Compared to thermal power generation, hydroelectricity is a technologically mature and large-scale renewable source of clean energy, and our hydroelectric resources are among the world’s top reserves, developing water.
Electricity is also an important measure to address climate change, promote energy efficiency and reduce emissions, achieve sustainable development, and, with carbon peaks and carbon neutral targets, we anticipate a growing trend in hydropower development. For new energy generation, the Circular on Matters Related to the Construction of Wind, Photovoltaic and Power Projects in 2019 was launched.
The introduction of competitive bidding for Internet access and State subsidies has been accompanied by declining development costs over the past two years, and wind power, photovoltaic power generation, has fully entered a new phase of price-free, market-oriented development. In 2021, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on matters related to the construction of wind power and photovoltaic power in 2021.
Wind power, photovoltaic power generation, which accounts for about 11% of the electricity generated by society as a whole, and about 16.5% by 2025, while proposing a total installed capacity of more than 1.2 billion kW by 2030. In the medium and long term, we believe that a clean energy base should be built in the context of the country’s “carbon peak, carbon neutralization.”
In particular, in 2022 there was a 3.2 per cent decrease in the additional installed capacity of 70,86 million kW in conventional electricity generation, of which -3.4 per cent, +1.6 per cent and -32.9 per cent, respectively - of which - 12,504 million - were generated from new energy sources.
3.2. Increase investment in new energy sources and sustain growth in network capacity. Corporate energy investment operations include mainly traditional and new energy sources and integrated and intelligent energy. Corporate engineering development in the power sector has a complete industrial chain, leading to strong, life-cycle integrated development of investment camps.
In the area of new energy sources and integrated smart energy, companies have increased their market development and resource investment in new energy sources under carbon peaks, carbon neutrals and targets, acquiring a new energy investment target of 16.24 million kW in 2022, and creating a new grid-connected new energy holding capacity of 238.9 kW. In the field of traditional energy, companies are using power generation.
By the end of 2022, the total capacity of the company's power generation holding units stood at 702.4 thousand kilowatts, of which solar energy of 302.1 million kilowatts, wind power of 174.2 million kilowatts and biomass power generation of 22.4 million kilowatts.
Thousands of kilowatts, 1255,000 kilowatts of fire and electricity, and 783,000 kilowatts of electricity and water. The company released its Action Programme for Achieving Carbon Reach, Carbon Medium and 30-60 Strategic Objectives (White Paper), which states that by 2025, the holding power plant will have managed to reach more than 20 gw. By the end of 2022, the company's new energy sources would have reached 20 gw or more.
With a network capacity of 4.99gw, we believe that the company is expected to double its operating income and profitability through investment, design, construction, operational integration, build-up, and lower operating costs. The company has been growing faster in the last two years, with new wind and solar power installed in 2022.
It's 238.9 million kilowatts, which is more than 50% larger than the cumulative installed wind power generation. There is still a gap between the size of the company's new power generation unit and the size of the leading power company, but the size of the new ones was higher in 2022, and the target for new energy investment was over 16 million kilowatts.
The company's electricity survey design and consulting operations are dominated by China's Electricity Engineering Consulting Group Ltd.
In addition, the company provides a wide range of advisory services, including electricity sector policy advice, electricity project estimation, evaluation and monitoring.
International leadership in the field of survey design techniques such as crew, three generation nuclear power conventional islands, clean coal-fired power generation, super-high-voltage direct currents and Gil integrated tube halls, soft sex direct transmissions, offshore wind power, solar thermal power generation, etc. Corporate surveying and consulting operations revenue comes mainly from the provision of survey design for domestic and foreign power generation and grid projects
Services, which provide a wide range of advisory services to the electricity industry policy and to the testing, evaluation and supervision of electricity projects, the company achieved business income of $17,462 million in 2022, an increase of 18.29 per cent over the previous five years, maintaining growth: $14.31 billion in new contracts for design consulting services, an increase of 20.1 per cent over the same period, maintaining a rapid growth trend.
4.2. Production of construction materials has declined, and the company ' s industrial manufacturing operations have been restructured to include, inter alia, construction materials, civil blasts and equipment manufacturing.In the area of construction materials, the company ' s building blocks consist mainly of the production and sale of cement and sandstone bone materials, and the Goebbels Dams.
In 2022, the company produced 23,594,000 tons of cement, a decrease of 7.3 per cent;
In the area of civil blasts, the company ' s engineering programmes, such as national priority energy projects, infrastructure works and large-scale mining, continue to promote an integrated civilian explosion service model with field-based explosives integration applications in the leading industry.
In 2022, the company actively promoted the construction of green mines, promoting clean, clean and low-carbon development, generating operating income of $5.56 billion, an increase of 2.66 per cent, and the sale of industrial explosives of 37,85 million.
In recent years, State regulation of the civil demolition industry has been increasing, with industry access thresholds rising and providing a good external environment for the development of the company’s civil demolition operations. On 6 July 2023, Ipluri held a re-marketing and renaming ceremony at the deep intersection, where the company announced that it would score.
Reorganizing the listing of its subsidiary, Ipuli, with a programme to distribute shares of 6.6879 million shares (approximately 95.54 per cent of the total share capital of Ipuli) from the South Ridge people to Ipuli shareholders in the Goi dam, steel-trawling industry and 23 natural persons, and to raise matching funds for no more than 35 selected investors, thereby achieving a score.
Reorganisation of the market with IPP. When the break-up is completed, China will be able to become an indirect shareholder in the South Ridge, and further focus its operations in the area of civilian bombings, enhance its financing capacity, enhance the profitability of its operations and integrate the manufacturing of equipment. The company will rely on the technical background of the entire industrial chain to manufacture and specialize in high-end professional products.
The company is the country’s largest supplier of power plant support, with the combined capacity to provide a full set of equipment for large power stations, primarily operating through China Can Build Group Equipment Limited.
The manufacturing of new contracts of 10.91 billion yuan, a decrease of 12.7 per cent over the same period, 4.3. Land reserves have been reduced in size and distributed to high-energy cities.
The State Committee of the State Council identified one of the first 16 real estate-based companies with real-estate-level development qualifications. The company's deep-deeping and core second-line cities, which have a potential for development, locates high-quality properties, establishes the four main product lines of the State Department, the Department of State, the Department of Public Administration, and the Lang Garden, while operating the core second-line cities.
Figure 33: Corporate residential development is dominated by high-end projects in second-line central cities, Figure 34: Companies with a wide variety of assets of a non-residential nature achieved a continuous increase in sales in 2018-2021 and achieved in 2022 as a result of downside sales in the industry
In 2022, the company promoted land-use innovation, using city renewal as a major offensive direction, leveraging the resources of the group, successfully expanding its portfolio development, first-tier linkages, shed modifications, and large integrated projects such as Nansha Finance Island in Guangzhou, Shandong Smoking House, Kunming Wa, Chang Sha Tianxin and Yuan.
5. Shareholders and management have a strong background in the proposed scale-up and expansion. 5.1. Holding shareholders are established in the power grid masters ' separation reform. China Energy Construction Group Limited, a corporate controlling shareholder, was established on 29 September 2011.
In 2011, there was a strong correlation between the power grid masters reforms, and most of the affiliates of the group date back to the 1950s. According to documents such as the State Council Circular on the Publication of the Electricity System Reform Programme of 2002, the National Electricity Network Division, the provincial (regional) grid companies belonging to the Southern Power Network Corporation, the electric power construction companies, the electric power industry, the electricity industry, and the electricity industry.
Reorganization and restructuring of four central power-design enterprises, the China Hydropower Construction Group, the China Water and Power Engineering Advisory Group, the China Ghai Dam Group and the China Electricity and Engineering Advisory Group, which were eventually divided into the China Electricity and Energy Consortium Limited and the China Energy Construction Group.
Figure 37: The original restructuring of the national electricity grid was divided into the China Electricity Construction Group and the China Energy Construction Group, which became the China Energy Construction Group after the separation of the power network masters in 2011, and the Goji Dam Group, the China Electricity Engineering Advisory Group and the 15 provinces of the two major grid companies involved in, built and repaired electricity surveys.
The four major auxiliary groups are affiliated with the China Energy and Power Development Groups, and the two major construction groups perform fund-raising responsibilities. Figure 38: Restructured GGD became a fully-owned subsidiary of the China Energy and Construction Group
The Goose Dams Group, which is a predecessor of the 3300 Project Command, was founded in 1997 in the form of social fund-raising by means of the reorganization of its assets, and in May 1997 it issued an online social public share on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and registered for trading. In 2007, the Goechus Dam Corporation took over the merger of the Guehu Dam Water and Power Engineering Group in China.
The company’s main assets were put on the market. The Goji Dam is a “national team” in the area of large-scale infrastructure investment, a “global business card” for hydropower, the largest of more than 5,000 fine works and more than 100 world-wide projects, and a well-known national strategic worker in the construction of the Goji Dam, the Three Gorges, the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant, etc.
Figure 40: The Goose Dam Group is involved in the construction of the Three Gorges Project. Figure 39: The Gore Dam Group is involved in the construction of the Gore Dam Group, which covers engineering, industrial manufacturing, investment operations and integrated services.
The main types of projects are roads, hydropower, housing, railways, municipalities, water services, environmental management, urban underground complexes, ports, shipping routes, etc.
Cement production, civil demolition, environmental protection, high-end equipment manufacturing. In terms of investment operations, operations include, inter alia, premises operations, road investment operations, water operations, etc. 5.2. Management has extensive experience in power systems, with the vast majority of executives serving on the Group for a long period of time.
Of the company’s non-independent directors, half have experience in the field of construction. Among them, the chairman of the board, Mr. Song Hae Liang, was the general manager of the China Transport and Construction Group, and the company’s chief manager, Mr. Sun Hong, was the general manager of the China Electricity and Construction Group. Five of the seven senior managers joined the group for more than 30 years.
The company’s management has accumulated a wealth of experience in construction. 5.3, the proposed replenishment of $15 billion for a new energy project of high quality. In October 2022, the company issued an indicative announcement on planning for the non-public distribution of stocks to raise funds.
New and integrated energy projects focusing on new sources of energy, including photovoltaics, wind power, hydrogen energy, storage energy, specialization projects, new energy engineering projects, procurement of new energy major equipment, and eco-environment management
In the broader context of the country's strong push to achieve the double carbon target, encouraging the development of “windlight and fire storage integration” and “source network storage” projects, maintaining strong momentum in energy demand and energy-building needs, and companies' intention to raise funds for new energy investments and construction projects, consistent with national sustainable development strategies, for development and development
We believe that the completion of this incremental project will help improve the performance of the project.
China can build a financial structure that reduces financial risk and improves the company’s resilience to risk.6 It is recommended that we divide the company’s operations into surveying design and consulting, engineering, industrial manufacturing, investment operations and its own.
He makes profit predictions in five parts. (1) Survey design and consulting.
Services, providing extensive advisory services on electricity industry policy and on electricity project testing, evaluation and supervision services. Corporate design consultancy business receipts have been increasing for the last five years, with 20.1 per cent of new contracts signed in 2022 for design consulting operations. With the increase in the value of new contracts, we expect the company to survey design 2023-2025.
The company’s engineering operations consist mainly of new energy sources, combined smart energy sources, traditional energy sources, urban construction, integrated transport and other engineering operations, both within and outside the country.
The annual decline in production of cement, clinker and sandstones, along with the price of construction materials, has been influenced by the recession in the real estate sector; in the area of civil blasts, companies have continued to promote green mines through the expansion of the IPP, with a certain regional monopoly; in the area of equipment manufacturing, companies are the country's largest supplier of power plant support.
There is a comprehensive service capacity to provide a full set of equipment for large power plants. Overall, we believe that companies have a wide range of coverage and some technical advantages in the area of industrial manufacturing, that businesses have been growing steadily, and that we expect companies to produce 19%, 20%, and 21% of the annual gross domestic product.
The company’s investment operations are divided mainly into energy generation, real estate development, environmental water and transport.
And we believe that the company’s environmental water and highway operations will also continue to grow steadily, and that the company’s other operations include, inter alia, software and information services, logistics trade, leasing, and business services. We believe that with the company’s normal business going forward, other operations in 2023-2025 will continue to grow.
We compared the value of China, China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China and China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, and China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China, with China and China, with China and China, with China, with China.
Industries such as facilities provide integrated services with a wide range of main operations and a more complete industrial chain. Companies are well placed in the energy-generating industry, with the number of new construction contracts growing, the size of new energy generators rising rapidly, and operations developing robustly and at a stable level of profitability, with the advantage of full chain integration, covering for the first time,
Capital investment is not as high as expected, new energy installed is not growing as expected, and new construction is not on track.