Quinlon Wanvi (300418.sz): A matrix of the large-scale daily work model bright eyes, an event at which the whole chain layout of the i business is going on: (1) On August 23, Cullen Wanvi released the country's first-aid search product - Skyworkai
ii. On October 30, Klon Wanwi announced the Open Source Billion Language Model: Skywork-13b Series, accompanied by a super-high-quality open source of 600gb, 150btokens.
Chinese datasets. (3) In October, in China ' s large-scale model, Kuala Lumpur Van Vi is ranked fifth in terms of combined strength. (4) On November 3, the Kuala Lumpur Vanwi “Sunwork” model was filed through the Temporary Measures for the Generation of Artificial Intelligent Clothes for the Management of Services, which is open to the entire community.
(1) 23q1-q3 company operating income of $3.68 billion, an increase of 8.3 per cent over the same period; net parent profit of 3.28 per cent, an increase of 21.44 per cent, mainly in labour costs, technical services, depreciation, etc. related to aigc operations; and sales costs of $438 million, an increase of 28.58 per cent over the same period and a cost-of-sale increase of 28.58 per cent
In the multi-modular large-language model developed by Xiamen University, the large-scale “Storework” model has the first score, with a global lead in text interpretation and logical reasoning.
The workers' app has been fully upgraded to create a diversity of search, reading, and creation applications. The landing application, self-researching the first game, the clubkoala, is featured in the inter-Kolón game show in Germany, and is equipped with an ukc editor to provide a immersion experience to the players.
The first step in the development of the zero-code game was to introduce ainpc. Aai Assistant Aria experienced a full upgrade and continued to look at the prospects for a segmented area. In the first three quarters of the year, corporate income from overseas increased further to 84%, an increase of almost 9 percentage points.
During the month, the company’s corporate flag, Opra, officially launched the artificial intelligence service Aria, which, by the end of the third quarter, had been online in more than 180 countries and territories, including the European Union, with Sinda Securities.
Users break through the millionth. This accelerated update of the "refinder" tool and "compose" cindaseuritiesco.ltd is a full demonstration of aigc multi-application potential.
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing. Investment proposal: company basic numeracy resources to meet most of the numeracy needs and model training, with \triangleright.
The first one's game, Flubkoala, is expected to bring about a new business increase. The company is committed to future risk factors: industry policy risk, aigc underdevelopment, model development less advanced than expected, and overseas market diffusion less effective.
B.A. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, etc., as well as the universe, sports and second level, with five years of research experience and long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
White Yunhan, a member of the Sinda Securities Media Internet and overseas teams. Master of Financial Sciences, University of Connecticut, United States.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.