Cost and investment gains and losses have led to a decline in q3 performance, a significant decline in the performance of large models and applications in the first quarter, a good cash flow and a continuous increase in the share of overseas operations.
Zhangheng2@guosen.com. cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn 3-quarter operating income of 1,256 million yuan, net profit return - 2.98 million yuan, resulting in increased returns and cost inputs of the same year; net operating profit of 100 million yuan, 29 per cent ring growth; 3)
The quality of the camp was maintained at a better level, with an operating cash flow of $760 million achieved in the first three quarters, which is a decline in performance due to fluctuations in R & D inputs, equity incentives and fair value. 1) In the first three quarters, companies contributed $269 million, an increase of 51.12 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly an increase in aigc-related business inputs.
Large models and aigc applications continue to be advanced and investment is focused on artificial intelligence industries. 1) In large models, in the benchmarkgsm8k test, “spatial workers” outperformed gpt-3.5 and llama2-70b at 80% correct rate; 2) end of application, “spatial” app is fully upscaled, integrating ai search, ai-viewing
Core functions such as reading, ai creation, covering many applications such as work, learning, life, etc.; 3) company ' s first one game, " clubkoala " , appeared in August; 4) arithmetical aspects of purchasing and leasing chips have arrived at about 6,000 units by the end of the quarter, and some 3,000 chips are awaiting delivery, and the company now has them.
In addition, in Cullenwanwi (300418.sz) - Acquisition of the Focal Point Ideals Basement, which continues to be good for aigc over the next 1 to 2 years, large models and arithmetic are expected to meet large model computing needs, except for video aigc.
The company announced the completion of the "Arithmetic Infrastructure - Large Model Algebra" by the controlling stock-based chip company Aierko.
At the same time, companies plan to transfer new green energy interests (an internal rate of return estimated at 60-100 per cent) without investing in any holdings or long-term investments in industries other than the artificial intelligence industry up and down.
q3 Q3 Q3 has experienced a significant decline in performance, with good cash flow performance and rising overseas operations. 1) The company has published 23 years of three-quarters reporting, and the company has earned 3,681 million yuan in business earnings and a net profit of 328 million yuan in the previous three quarters.
The corresponding increases of 8.31 per cent and 58.26 per cent, respectively, correspond to the flats of 0.28 dollars; 2) of which q3 was achieved in the first quarter of the year; q3 performance was largely affected by investment returns and cost inputs; q3 performance was realized with net operating profits of 100 million yuan, or 29 per cent growth; and 3) the quality of operations was maintained at a better level than in the previous three quarters.
Achieving an operating cash flow of $760 million, an increase of 33 per cent over the same period; increasing offshore operations further to 84 per cent, an increase of almost 9 percentage points over the same period; declining performance due to fluctuations in R & D inputs, equity incentive costs and fair value; and 1) corporate companies in the first three quarters.
Figure 6: Colum Man-Dive R & D inputs and their share of income, large models and aigc applications continue to move forward. 1) The "Store-work" models have made significant breakthroughs in a variety of ways: logical reasoning, text-reading, multi-model capabilities.
(57.1 per cent) and llama2-70b (56.8 per cent) with a global lead in reasoning; in text interpretation, in tests based on a comprehensive assessment benchmark for superclue, the large-scale daily model was balanced and included in the first column of the closed-source model; in multi-modules, multiple models were carried out at the joint Xiamen University of the Xiamen Laboratory.
In the evaluation of the large language model, the “sunwork” was ranked first in the combined scores, showing remarkable multi-model capabilities; and 2) at the application end, the “sunwork” is approximating full-scale upgrades, integrating the core functions of ai search, ai reading, ai creation, etc., and covering a wide range of applications such as work, learning, life, etc.
In the case of the i games, the first i game, " club koala " , self-researched in the studio of the company ' s playforfun game, was displayed on August 25 at the international game in Cologne, Germany. The game was mounted by the ukc game editor, koalaeditor, which helps users to develop zero-code games and significantly lowers the threshold for game creation.
Editor is also equipped with support tools, such as material kits, functional components, that provide creative resources to inspire players to create creative inspiration and enrich the game. And clubkoala has introduced anaintpc and controls npc behavior through the atom system, giving anaintpc self-awareness and memory skills that can be developed and executed autonomously.
In terms of computing, by the end of the quarter, the company had acquired and leased about 6,000 chips, and there were about 3,000 chips to be delivered. The company now has the capacity to expect to meet the next 1 to 2 years of video elimination.
In addition, in order to build and maintain a long-term core of the artificial intelligence track, the company announced the completion of the whole industry chain layout of the Nucleus Facility - Large Model Alteration. The Eterkole was designed to develop a programmable program.
(a) A new round of accelerated development, with a series of front-line aria functions that help users improve efficiency and release creativity;
2) The company cosmopolgx portal also has full access to the aria, bringing the front-line ai browsing experience to a wide range of players. By the end of the third quarter, aria had been online in more than 180 countries and territories, including the European Union, and users had broken through the millionth.
Figure 9: The "reuse" and "restatement" feature displays Figure 10: The "aria" "compose" and "mystyle" function displays a more focused investment in artificial intelligence, and the transfer of green and new energy interests is expected to contribute significant investment returns.
1) The company clearly states that in the future, with the exception of the small equity financial investment of the Kunon Foundation, there will no longer be any holdings or long-term investments in industries other than the upstream and downstream industries, focusing on the core business of the company to ensure the company ' s long-term development in the area of artificial intelligence; 2) reduced external investment to better focus on the agi and aigc operations
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and was based on the fact that the company’s intention to transfer the green and new energy interests was to withdraw from the home and maintain an “enhanced” rating with an ecological platform.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author