Quarterly review 2023: robust business performance, firm input agi and aigc Keyword: # underperformance
With a growth of 9.26 per cent and 3.97 per cent in the same-ring ratio, we expect to be predominantly a business-wide robust battalion, with Oela performing well, with revenues and transfers exceeding the limit of ebitda. A robust growth, but influenced by fluctuations in cost inputs and investment operations, 2023q3 returns net profits to its parent.
(a) Investment operations: the impact of the net gain on the change in fair value of 2023q3, with a net operating profit of 2023q3 of 100 million yuan, or 29 per cent increase in the ring; (b) R & D operations, resulting from increased costs of labour associated with R & D, technical services, depreciation amortization, etc.; (c)
Sales costs: In September 2023, the company's new tour of the Tower of the Holy Land was launched on the mainland China, declaring that the sales cost of 2023q3 had increased by 28.58%, 14.85%, to 438 million yuan on the same basis. • Firmly invested in agi and aigc, and the controller promised not to lose in the next three years.
It is expected that the big model computing needs will be met over the next 1 to 2 years, except for video aigc, and that the company will complete the "Adjekke" of the 2023q3 Replenishment Holdings, which was published in September of the Arithmetic Year, with the promise of the company's shareholders, the actual controller, Zhou Yahui, and the co-operator.
ai layouts are constantly being upgraded, and large models and applications are expected to continue to fall. 2023q3 has been able to achieve excellent results with a model for the replacement of the "Sunwork" model, based on great model progress, and the application has also been based on "Kullen Wanvi" (300418), mid-2023.
Continue to accelerate landings. 1) Skywork app is fully upscaled to integrate ai search, report evaluation: forward scenario allinai, core functions such as reading, writing etc., covering multiple applications such as work, learning and life; 2) ai
With regard to the game, self-researching the first one of the games " clubkoala " shows the Cologne International Games Fair in Germany; model and application on a continuous landing. 3) iotra primary browser aria introduces the series of ai features, which reach millions of users
Close, let's see how the big model of the company + the application layout is continuously validated.
The world’s leading agi platform, the idea of a “buy-in” rating, continues to be delivered on a continuous basis.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.