The government's business has continued, and the contribution of non-interest-bearing income has increased.
The performance of Chengdu Bank (stock code: 601838) slowed down over the quarter: 2024h1, the downside effect of the company's realization of operating income and net profit return, but at the same time sustained warming, higher returns on investment and higher contribution of non-interest income to revenue collection.
Jang 1 1st Platoon, business advantage continues, deposit costs remain rigid: 2024h1, company net interest income of 9,077 million, returns fall by 24bp on a year-on-year basis, interest-paying liabilities cost is equal, deposit costs remain rigid, average
The cost rate has fallen by 1 bp over the same period, and the cost of meeting bonds has risen. Asset-end credit has continued to increase, with a clear advantage for the public trust sector and a steady increase in retail loans. By the end of June, corporate lending had increased from the beginning of the year, with services credit lending increasing by 31.15 per cent; retail loans had increased by 3.3 per cent and mortgages by the beginning of the year.
At the end of June, corporate deposits had increased by 9.77% compared to the beginning of the year, resulting in savings costs remaining rigid. The contribution of non-interest income has increased, the return on non-interest income has continued to recover, and the return on investment has increased: 2024h1, the company has made no interest.
Self-management of the contribution of the financial and asset management business and sound development of the wealth management business. 2024h1, corporate finance management and asset management service charges increased by 58.61 per cent over the year. Higher investment operations continued to contribute other non-percentage points, representing a higher proportion of loans for rental and business services, water, environment and public facilities management.
Investment proposals: The advantages of the corporate region are clear, the benefits of bi-city economic circles are being built, and the scope for business development is wide, helping to drive sustained growth in performance. At the asset level, the expansion of public credit is strong, the governance and trust sector is well protected, and assets are of excellent quality. At the liability level, deposits are growing faster and higher.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.