Improved cost of deposits, stabilization of asset quality Events: 27 August, Chengdu Bank issued a 24-year interim report. 11.6 billion yuan, yoy + 4.3 per cent, accumulated revenue for 24h1; 6.2 billion yuan, yoy + 10.6 per cent, net profit return; 0.66 per cent, provision coverage 496 per cent.
Net interest income has declined and non-interest income has increased marginally.
\triangleright’s speed of performance is supported by the fact that the loss of impairment of assets is mainly due to retail operations and the capital sector. Loans have declined slightly, contributing mainly to the public end. 24h1% of total bank assets, total loans
The research assistant Wang Xiao, has developed opportunities, focusing on such areas as leasing and business services.
At the end of the asset end, the rate of return on 24h1-bearing assets continued its downward trend, declining by 14bp from 23 years to 24-year-olds.
The cost of deposits fell by 2 bp over 23 years and for both public and personal deposits. Looking ahead, there is still room for improvement in the cost of deposits in the second half of 2023 in Chengdu Bank (601838.sh).
Assessment: high performance maintained, asset quality excellent - 2023/10/II. The cost of current deposits improved immediately following the July cut-off in the booking of current deposits. The poor rate remained low and the provision remained high. The poor rate was 0.66 per cent at the end of 24h1 and was held at the end of 24q1.
\triangleright 3. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) 23h1 performance reports flat, which continues to account for a relatively low rate of poor lending to rental business services.
Quarterly review of high growth in loan deposits, poor rate of reinvestment: two-digit profit growth, high dividend investment value 5. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) 2022 performance flashpoint
The major strategies of the countries of the region have been steadily advancing, generating a strong demand for credit, which supports the performance of the capital banks; excellent quality of production, with a low rate of underperformance; and a share of not less than 30 per cent in the company's charter, with a return on dividends corresponding to 0.8 times 24 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright Figure 1: Chengdu bank ' s performance as at 24h1 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 2: Chengdu bank ' s net interest income as at 24h1 increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 3: Average increase (cumulative) in other non-interest-bearing bank income as at 24h1
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.