Performance met expectations, with a steady increase in the share of overseas municipalities in 23q2. Income and net gains: $10.2 billion in the company’s 2023q2 battalion, plus \triangleright
Dom Young-kang has a steady profit and a rising foreign market rate.
The pool was sold over 170 gwh, with reserves accounting for about 20% and the corresponding power of about 136 gwh with about 34 gwh. On the price side, q1 raw material prices fluctuated considerably over 23 years, companies implemented price linkage mechanisms, overall batteries, research assistant Li Hiaoping
System prices have fallen slightly, q2 raw materials have generally stabilized, and the price of basic raw materials has fallen significantly. In terms of profitability, we measure that the company ' s 23h1 power and storage plates together contribute more than 12.6 billion yuan, 23q2 monowha at 0.07+, the profitability ring is equal to 23q1, and the company as a whole has been on a year-round basis.
The research assistant’s profile is further advanced, and the profitability of the year is expected to be sustained. In terms of overseas market occupancy, according to sne, the company’s overseas power market reached 27.3% in January-May, an increase of 6.9 percentage points over the same period last year.
The European market, with 34.5% power market in January-May, has been ranked first in two consecutive months. Research and development (R & D) investment has increased, and innovation products and services have been on the ground.
S010122120021, an increase of 70.77%. The thorium battery has been installed in volume, promoting the continuation of the cltc complex, which is more than 1,000 km, and the 4c fast-filled battery is on the market for the ideal primary battery, with 10 points in charge.
Clock, continue 400km. Sodium ion batteries: April 16, company announced that it would be landing in Chire; m3p batteries: going well, at industry leadership level, expected to be industrialized during the year; condensed-state batteries: production capacity at the vehicle level can be achieved and applied in electric manned aircraft; storage capacity: public
In the Ningde era (300,750.sz), one quarter of 2023, Seenerone and Enerc continued to make bulk deliveries and upgrades. Eneroneplus further increased the energy intensity efficiency of its products compared to the previous generation; and the company introduced a zero-source direct flow coupling solution to promote long life.
2. An event evaluation for the Ninder era (300,750.sz): the use of radon into high-security and efficient energy storage products; the active promotion of new power applications for electric ships and electric aircraft.
4. Three-quarterly reporting points in 2022 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) and half-yearly reporting points in 2022 in the Ningde era (300,750.sz), given the stability of corporate markets, the resilience of profitability, and the continued use of new technologies to guarantee core competitiveness
Evaluation: Profitability Remediation, Capability Extension + Technological Innovation Support Growth 2022/08/24 Research findings on methodology and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.