Profitability continues to grow, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has been able to boost its capacity to drive and contribute to the future. 23H1 power cell systems are being harvested.
13.942 billion yuan, +76 per cent, Māori rate 20.4 per cent, +5.3 pp, significantly improved profitability.
The value added increases as a result. [Li] 23h1 has a profit of 0.1 yuan/wh per unit of power product, which is stable during the year, largely as a result of improved cost-control capabilities. In addition, the profitability of mainland customers has increased significantly. 23h1 has a Māori ratio of 19.9% compared to 5.4 pp compared to the profit margin of foreign clients.
Because of the seasonal nature of the sales of power lithium, h2 sales are expected to be on a relatively high scale and the company is expected to power billions of yuan a year, +119.7 per cent a year; the Māori rate is 21.3 per cent a year, +14.9 pp a year, before the Māori leadership of the power cell system.
Of these, 23q2 reserves can sell over 15 gwh, with a generally flat ring, mainly with a high volatility of lithium carbonate prices and a stronger sense of downstream observation in April-May 2023. According to the smm. 1. Ningde era (300,750): 22q4 returns for profit.
Warm, the supply chain position remains strong (2023-03-13), according to which in January-June 2023, the company's storage core production continued to rank first in the world. 23h1 storage capacity was above the unit price of 0.9 yuan/wh, of which 23q2 unit prices were about 0.9 yuan/wh, with the ring falling slightly during the reporting period.
The price level dropped from $1.0/wh in 2022 to 0.7/wh. The price price price fell further after the impact of the fall in lithium carbonate price was removed as a result of the increased supply of lithium storage power. The company’s storage capacity remained largely stable, reflecting excellent product performance and customer structure.
The profits per unit of the system are 0.1 yuan/wh, a small increase from 2022, and stability is maintained during the year. The company’s reserves are gradually becoming more effective in terms of the scale of its operations, and prices are more resilient. [Predicted] Due to the seasonal nature of storage and delivery, h2 sales are relatively high, and the company’s storage systems are expected to deliver about 90gwhh throughout the year.
At the end of the R & D end, 23h1 companies continue to promote "four major innovations": (1) in June, the delivery of the aryllium 001-mile vessel with a ctp 3.0 americium battery was completed.
cltc continues beyond 1,000 km; (2) introduces sodium battery start-up; (3) promotes m3p battery industrialization, captures low conductivity, low circulation, etc., actively matching new needs of large clients; (4) releases condensed batteries, zero-supplied direct flow coupling solutions, etc.
At the financial end, companies have a semi-annual stock turnover rate of 2.4 per cent, compared to +0.8 per cent, with a shorter inventory cycle, a higher degree of control over market demand, and a lower risk of stock impairment, corresponding to 23, 18 and 15 times the dynamics of pe, respectively.
External clients continue to develop and cooperate strategically; add strong prices for corporate products, good profitability, and continue to lead the industry. 23h1 companies have higher levels of profitability, higher rates of market ownership, higher risks and supply risks; and new product and technology development risks.
Assumption 1: 2023 ~ 2025, based on global national policy guidance, it is estimated that the global market for new energy vehicles will reach 1280,1577.1889 million vehicles, corresponding to the demand for lithium batteries of approximately 977/1271/1599gwh. If the firm’s market position is maintained, assuming that the company’s bargaining power within the industry chain is stable, the Māori rate will remain at 2023 levels.
In a comprehensive consideration of the scope of operations, four listed companies in the lithium battery industry were selected for valuation, of which hundreds of thousands of latitude lithium energy, Xin Wanda and Kuang High School were industry leaders, having achieved a “power-plus-energy” layout, with larger volumes and multi-grade coverage; and a relatively small size of crowns, mainly oriented towards the start-up of the shutdown-plus energy market.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuations Companies continue to open up external markets, avoid price wars from a development perspective, and sustain higher rates of profit growth. From a certainty point of view, companies are absolute leaders in the industry. According to the battery innovation coalition, sneresearch data, companies have a close share of domestic markets.
50 per cent, with over 35 per cent of the world ' s cities, and a steady and steady market share, accompanied by industry growth; companies continuously expanding their client matrix, offshore companies, new national production forces, power power state multi-dimensional layouts to increase their resilience to risk; in addition, battery innovation alliances show that 23H1 companies have more than 60 per cent of the tri-dollar materials market, and have an absolute advantage in the area of three-dollar lithium power in the future, if the market is biased.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.