Sinjishan Evidence 2023h1 performance in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) met expectations, and overseas market occupancy continued to rise.
Events: On 26 July, the Ningde era published its semi-annual report for 2023, and the company announced that in the first half of the year it had achieved business income of $18.250 billion, an increase of 67.5 per cent over the same period; achieved a net profit of $20.72 billion from the return to the mother, a ratio of shares in circulation a/total equity (billions):
Lithium cell single-warau Māori is 0.20/wh, an increase of $0.03/wh in 2022, compared with last year ' s improvement in inventory management, lower prices for upstream raw materials, 48.9 billion, a decrease in the share of total assets, a slight increase in the market share of the company ' s power cell load, and a steady increase in the share of overseas markets.
The company ' s lithium battery delivered about 170 gwh, of which about 136 gwh, or 80%, of the power cell, and about 34 gwh, or about 20% of the storage battery; and about 95 gwh, of the q2 battery, about 81 gwh, or 19 gwh, of the power cell.
The city of the pool has seen a slight increase in its share, with a global power cell load of 237.6 gwh in January-May 2023, and a company load of 86.2 gwh, with a 36.3 per cent share, up from 27.3 per cent in the same period last year, an increase of 6.9 percentage points over the same period last year, with European power.
The battery market was 34.5%, with a significant increase of 9.3% over the same year, the company's European market was well under way, the German factory was climbing, and the Hungarian factory was well on its way. The company continued to increase its R & D investment, and the new technology was well under way.
In terms of new technology, companies have no heat diffusion, technology cell products continue to be recognized by domestic and foreign customers, and bulk applications: condensed cell energy density up to 500wh/kg, with excellent discharge and high safety performance, and civilian power loads are being carried out.
(a) The collaborative development of the human aircraft project, with a volume-based version of the vehicle code, which will be available within the course of the year;
With regard to batteries, there is a continuing mass of enerone and enerc products, with zero-supplied light-storage coupling solutions. Corporations continue to lead the way in research and development, and new technologies create more differentiated products, with the promise of increasing corporate profitability.
\triangleright Prices of raw materials have risen significantly, new energy products have been sold below expectations, and storage capacity needs have fallen short of expectations. \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.