In the Ningde era (300,750), city occupancy and platform capacity continued to increase, leading to sea and new technology development Events: Companies published their semi-annual 2023 reports, generating $189.2 billion in the first half of 2023
At the end of q1, the stock dropped to 48.9 billion yuan (64 billion yuan). Company movements and storage of batteries are the world’s leading, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise. On the cargo side, we estimate that the company’s output of mobile batteries is about 170gwhh, with some power.
80%, or about 20%. According to sneresarc, the global use of company power cells in January-May 2023 was 36.3%, the same year +1.7pc, ranked first in the world; and rootsmm, 2023h1, ranked first in the world in the production of energy cores. We expect corporate power in 2023.
The company’s profitability remains strong, and subsequent mineral resource operations are expected to increase profits. We estimate that the company’s 2023-h1 power cell business, net of financial costs, investment returns, etc.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The profitability of the mobile battery business is expected to remain strong, while the production of lithium carbonate is expected in the second half of the year.
The company leads with new technology and travel to the sea, looking at the medium- to long-term upward trend. On the new technology, the public-market ratio and profitability are up, the new technology, the strontium battery, has achieved a mass load of more than 100 km, and the 4cm battery is starting to rise geographically.
Sodium batteries are starting to fall in Chirry; m3p is expected to deliver in the year; and a whole new condensation is released - 2023/03/22.
A single cell, with a single energy density of up to 500wh/kg, is expected to be capable of producing in 2023.
Client recognition, Hungarian construction, and collaboration with Ford have progressed well. The company’s product, Ningde’s Powerful Lithium Power and Global Productive Power, is expected to continue to improve, looking at the company’s long-term growth.
Investment proposal: Consider the continuous upgrading of the company's product power and the progressive development of overseas market space
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report