Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) % Māori level stable, expected battery ring growth, new technology moving forward
With about 35gwh, we expect power batteries to deliver 70-75gwh in the second quarter, storage batteries to produce almost the same amount as in the first quarter, mainly due to the structure of the company ' s products, higher levels of Māori products, a single month wave that does not affect the overall level of profitability, and Māori levels are expected to remain stable in the second half of the year.
A comparison of company prices and depth of 300, R & D investment close to $10 billion over the six-month period +77 per cent of the year, the company continues to push for the "four big innovations",  battery delivery, sodium battery announcement of initial vehicle launch, promotion of m3p battery industrialization, release
New technologies, such as condensed batteries, zero-source direct-flow coupling solutions, actively promote new power areas for electric ships, electric aircraft, etc. Power and storage battery loads are among the highest in the world, and technological reserves deepen overseas cooperation.
According to sneresearch, the company ' s share of global power cell loads in January-May 2023 was 36.3%, the same year +1.7 pct, and was the world ' s first. In the field of storage energy, January-June 2023, according to smm, the company ranked first in the world in the production of energy cores.
Strategic cooperation with Ford Motors covering power cell supply in China, Europe and North America, successful commissioning of the company ' s German plant, ongoing construction of the Hungarian project phase; and, in terms of storage capacity, the company has entered into a cooperation agreement with the United States energy storage technology platform and solution provider, Flexgen, which will continue to work with the United States.
Supplying the latter with 10 gwh ' s storage energy products over a period of three years, an agreement was reached with the U.S. utility and distributed photovoltaic + storage energy developer, Primergysolallc, to supply batteries exclusively for the gemini photovolt + energy project, which, upon completion, will become one of the largest photovoltaic energy projects in the United States.
In addition, companies are promoting power switching and shared storage capacity. Chocolate-for-blocks are yielding bulk production, and have opened the city in Xiamen, Fertilizer, Guiyang, etc. The company’s first-ever mtb technology is being applied to a heavy card-for-power project under the umbrella of the National Power Investment Group.
The raw materials were higher than expected, battery prices were higher than expected, and industry was less advanced than expected.
“New Energy for Huaann Securities _ Corporate Review _ Ningde Times _ Quarterly Report – Performance Impressed with Increased Cost Assessments, Upstream Layout Pending Follow-up Profit Repairs” 2022-5-04
“New Energy in Huaann Securities _ Company Review _ Ningde Time” reported high performance expectations, and the city's ability to evaluate profits continued to be repaired for three seasons.
China, Teco Electronics.
Oxyjie: The University of New South Wales has a Master of Economics and Finance (M.A.), who has been assigned to the Bank ' s General Bank ' s Letter of Instruction Department for one year of industry research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.The Act, which uses legally compliant information, produces the present report independently and objectively, uses data and information from the market, does not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor does it guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.