Events: Corporate announcement of 30 August: Business income of 21H1 was $14.804 billion, a year-on-year increase 19.4 per cent, a year-on-year increase of $1.642 billion, a year-on-year increase of 26.3 per cent.
Subsistence services contribute the most to income, with robust growth in electricity grids, telecommunications, power generation, etc. 1) Electricity network automation and industrial control: 21h1 revenue of $7.480 billion, an increase of 8.87 per cent. Māori electricity protection and flexible transmission: benefits from the completion of ultra-high voltage projects and the growth of electricity-related electronics.
Leung Yonan achieved revenue of $2.761 billion, an increase of 95.81% in the same year; Māori rate of 38.98%, a decrease of 20.35% in the same year; Māori rate of 2.89 pct, a decrease in the same year.
(4) Electricity generation and water conservation: revenues of $1,041 million, an increase of 14.53 per cent over the same year; utilities, quality of operation and operational capacity are continuously improving. Corporate costs are properly regulated, with sales plus management plus R & D + financial costs totalling 13.5 per cent in the first half of the year, a decrease of 0.7 pct over the same year.
. The rate of turnover of the accounts receivable continues to accelerate. The igbt project is about to come into operation. During the reporting period, the company successfully built an autonomous igbt product with a high-pressure, medium-pressure series, and currently the igbt module containment and testing production line has been aligned with equipment and is expected to be close.
The internal rate of return for the project is about 14.59%, according to company announcements. As the core component, igbt, becomes self-productive, the competitiveness of products such as photovoltaic reverse transformers, wind transformers, storage energy transformers, etc. based on electrical and electronic technology will be further enhanced.
Investment in the grid is growing robustly, and the digital transition is accelerating. The 21h1 grid is investing $173.4 billion, and the speed of the word transformation is bringing structural opportunities, with secondary and information equipment expected to grow by more than 10%. Companies will benefit fully from the structural changes in investment brought about by the grid transformation.
Out-of-grid operations, expanding grid automation technology to the areas of orbital transport, industrial control, smart manufacturing, etc., and creating new performance growth points. Investment advice: “Dual carbon” targets push power grids to speed up the transition to the energy Internet.
Net-wide intelligence, digital flagships, technological innovation advantages and industrial chain integration advantages are evident....will benefit fully from structural investment changes brought about by grid transformation: transhipment, water, municipal, industrial and other off-grid markets are vast, with relatively low harvests at present, international targets such as abb, Siemens, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my pay has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
6th. Served at the state headquarters of Arizona and the Beijing branch in the United States of America. He worked as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.