The revenue from the Hong Kong industry rose by 21.81 per cent from the previous year, and the net profit from the parent company was 1,844 million yuan, of which 2,021q2 earned an operating income of 9,883 million yuan, an increase of 19.37 per cent from the previous year.
100.85 per cent; net profit of the parent company of $1.642 billion, an increase of 26.27 per cent over the same period. The first half of the year ' s net profit/discount net profit of the parent was close to the previous forecast ceiling, with a slightly higher than market forecast for Māori and a marked increase in net interest rates for the reduction of efficiency.
An increase of 7.98 pct. A small decline in grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible straight flow transmission, electronic automated information communications, integration and other operations, and an increase of 6.7 pct due to the withdrawal of electricity and hydro-environmental protection from partially inefficient operations;
At that time, the overall Māori rate was stable due to the higher rates of relay protection and higher revenues from flexible direct transmission plates (yoy+96%). The net interest rate of 2021h1 on motherhood was 12.45%, and investment in the electricity grid was expected to increase steadily in the year 2021, with deployment and distribution in the context of a two-carbon, new power system.
There are structural growth opportunities for electricity, super-high-voltage currents, etc. In 2021, the grid is planned to invest 473 billion people in what we expect to be a steady increase. But there is a huge amount of new energy, especially distributed energy, grid access, new and complex growth, and access to a large amount of electricity and electronic equipment that matches it.
We expect to face structural growth opportunities in areas such as dispatching, power distribution, ultra-high-voltage straight currents, while secondary equipment and grid smart investment are expected to be structured into profit predictions and investment ratings: the company is the leader of electrical secondary equipment, taking into account the company's continuity and softness.
Stable increase in orders, improved profitability, interest rating: steady increase in hand orders, q1 performance rating: business performance in line with expectations
The net non-mortality profit was 1.793 billion yuan, compared to +41.0 per cent. Of this total, 2,021q2 realized operating income of $9,883 million, an increase of 19.4 per cent, an increase of 100.9 per cent, and the net profit of the parent company of $1,642 million, an increase of 26.3 per cent.
Net automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible direct transmission, electronic automated information communication, integration and other industries have seen a small decline in Māori rates, which have increased by 6.7 ptt as a result of the withdrawal of some of the less efficient operations; and faster growth in revenue from higher Māori relay protection and flexible direct transmission plates (oy)
Quick, coupled with firm-controlled repayments, reduced credit impairments on a year-on-year basis, partial impairments, credit impairments + asset impairments, with a positive contribution of 85 million yuan in total. Figure 3: 2021h1, Māori ratio, net interest rate equal to 0.09, +1.13 pct
Investment in the grid is expected to increase steadily in 2021, with structural growth opportunities in the context of double carbon, new power systems, power distribution, high voltage, etc. In 2021, the grid is planned to invest $473 billion, or more than 3%; and in January-July, the domestic grid is a massive net access to distributed energy, an emerging complex growth, and a correspondingly large number of electrical electronic devices.
In this context, we expect structural growth opportunities in areas such as dispatching, power distribution, ultra-high voltage, and investment in secondary equipment and grid intelligence are expected to grow structurally. On a downstream basis, the electricity grid sector in N.N.I.H. generated $10,183 million, a significant increase of 19.56%.
Increased investment in the grid, mainly from secondary demand for equipment in the grid at a faster rate than in the grid as a whole, the completion of super-high-pressure projects, the power-connected business in the electricity sector, etc.; income from outside the grid system was $4.59 billion, compared to +27.50 per cent, increasing faster than the system, mainly in electricity and electronics such as svg, svc, etc., for new power generation enterprises, etc.
As of 2021h1, investment in the grid had been stable, while the construction of new power systems had been accompanied by significant structural gains in South Swe, with orders estimated to have increased by more than two digits in the first half of the year. By sub-product, 1) grid automation and industrial controls have increased steadily, and it is expected to continue to increase in the second half of the year.
At the same time, companies are actively opening up markets to provide integrated system solutions, resulting in a slight decline in revenues compared to the growth rate and in the Māori rate. The “double-high” (high-scale clean-energy + high-scale electrical and electronic equipment) has been accompanied by structural benefits from movement control, security stability, electricity use, distribution of networks, and in particular the completion of the new one in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the speed of plate growth is expected to continue to increase. (ii) The relay protection and flexible direct transmission of electricity have nearly doubled, with superhigh voltage completed at a faster rate than expected.
Hard electronics are growing faster and igbt is moving well. Block h1 earns $2.76 billion, compared to +96%, Māori rate of 39.0%, compared to 0.5 ptt. In the first half of the year, the Yam-Jan-Janxi, Xiangbei-Hu-Nu-Nu-Hu-Hu-Nu-Hu, the delivery was completed, the company received more recognition, and the company svg, svc, etc., sold more electrical electronic devices due to increased access to new energy sources.
In addition, the operation of igbt went well, with the first wind transformer in the first half of the year, based on autonomously developed 1700vigbt devices, operating on site, the completion of the igbt module encapsulation test production line, and the joint venture Yuzhmorgeologiya semiconductor generating revenue of $32.4 million in the first half of the year. With the growth of new energy installed units, electrical electronic equipment is expected to remain in place for the second half of the year.
At a faster pace; at the same time, companies will actively expand into the igbt emerging markets, and the plates are expected to grow faster throughout the year. 3) Electricity automation information and communication operations are growing faster, and grid information development will continue to advance.
Informational investments have continued to grow, and Nanwe's share in grid information has stabilized and is expected to sustain an increase of around 30 per cent.