Material  conch cement: a robust growth in performance on a high basis and the creation of a highly cash-flowing enterprise: the company released its mid-2019 report, which generated $71,644 million (+56.63 per cent) in the first half of the year,
The demand pattern will remain stable, further release of demand in South China is expected, and the industry’s high profile will be prolonged, with a steady increase in performance driven by continued high-situation and price increases. During the first half of the year, new construction and construction continued to outpace expectations, cement demand was strong, and the country’s cement production grew by 6.8 per cent cumulatively in January-June.
Total equity/flow (million shares) of which cumulative growth of 9.85 per cent occurred in the East China region, industry continued to be high, and conch cement clinker combined total market value/flow (million yuan)
The sales volume was 202 million tons, an increase of 41.55 per cent over the same period, of which 146 million tons were self-produced, compared to the same year.
The forecasted increase in performance was in line with expectations, with four quarters of good cement, the subregion showing the best performance in the eastern region, an increase of 2.67 percentage points in the Māori rate, stable demand in the East China region, an orderly and manageable supply shock, a steady rise in the regional climate and a steady increase in the central region.
Three-quarterly reviews: q3 performance exceeded expectations, cement supply was large and price increases were limited, so overall Māori performance was stable; Western region priced by your state, conch cement (600585), q2 volume overpriced.
The average price of cement in Guizhou decreased by approximately $57 per ton over the same period, owing mainly to the near-term completion of the local priority project, the period of underestimation of elasticity and certainty of performance, the impact of the re-monetization of property, the gradual weakening of demand and the replacement of the supply side by the region
- 2018/08/23 with a high output impact, so the imbalance between supply and demand leads to lower prices. On a single ton basis, we estimate the average price of cement clinkers produced by q2 itself to be approximately $338 per ton, an increase of about $15 per ton.
If the prevailing climate in the major energy-producing regions drives up the price increase; the cost of tons is about $173, an increase of about $12 per ton over the same period, mainly due to the increase in environmental inputs and labour costs of the green mines after ore mining, which is about $165 per ton over the same period, an increase of about $3 per ton over the same period; and the cost of tons is about $22.72 per ton over the same period.
With an increase of $1.3 ton, the management level remains a leader within the industry. The pattern is normal in the sea, with the cycle of ironing fluctuations: the volume of corporate trade in the first half of the year was about 57 million tons, a ninefold increase, with about 33 million tons in q22 million, a significant increase in the same year, and the pattern in the sea is becoming more normal.
The expansion of trade not only contributed to the steady growth in the size of corporate collections, but also significantly reduced the export of clinker from large enterprises in the East of China, thereby further strengthening regional control of leading firms and reducing local price volatility in cement;
Extremely cash-flowing businesses, where contractual liabilities reflect supply and demand. We note that “the trading model for back-loading at the end of the reporting period reflects a strong bargaining power of the cement industry and an excellent supply and demand situation in the cement industry; the company received $91.223 billion in cash in the first half of the year, significantly higher than revenue ($71.6 billion)
At the end of the second quarter, the net operating cash flow of the company stood at $14.5 billion, which is basically the same as the net return of the mother; in cash at $36.98 billion, the asset-liability ratio was only 19 per cent, a 1.4 percentage point decrease in the same year, and the debt structure continued to be optimized. We believe that the conch is a firm that makes the cash flow extremely good.
Business, sufficient cash flow, on the one hand, ensures the orderly conduct of operations and the extension of the industrial chain to facilitate future mergers and acquisitions, on the other hand, and on the other hand, it is expected to increase the proportion of dividends in the future, even if, at 30% of the 18-year mark, it accelerates the integrated layout of the entire industry chain, with the osteoporosis of the business being highly profitable. At the end of the reporting period, the company's water
In the first half of the year, the company sold about 16 million tons of bones, a 40.7 million tons of bone production, a 1.2 million cubic metres of commercial hybrid production, and the company accelerated the integration of upstream and downstream industrial chains in order to complement the advantages of the industrial chain.
Out; as environmental protection becomes stronger and the scarcity of mineral resources becomes more evident, corporate backbone operations rely on their own superior mineral resources to develop rapidly, and corporate bone sales are expected to reach 33 million tons in 19 years, which will be a new performance growth point for companies.
In the context of the new start of construction and the high construction base, the demand for less-season cement has risen, and short-term demand for land pull is expected to remain stable and resilient. Under the policy umbrella, the infrastructure will continue to be catalyzed in the second half of the year, with a slow recovery in capital construction.
Decomposition of the downward pressure on the property, with cement demand still supporting in the second half of the year; with demand recovering and stock levels remaining low in mid-August, first price increases along the river clinker prices in the previous period suggest that cement price adjustments are about to end and will continue to rise steadily, with 2019h2 rising.
In anticipation of the slow exit of the production deficit and the deterioration of supply and demand patterns; the rise in prices of coal, ore, etc.; and the rise in the prices of the Institute;
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.