Snail cement (600585.sh) has risen at full prices in the first half of the year and future performance growth is determined to increase by 56.63 per cent over the same period of the year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are $15,282 million, up from the same period of the previous year
During the reporting period, the company ' s cement production was 355 million tons, an increase of 111 million tons in the same year: 252 million tons in clinker production, an increase of 004 million tons in the same year; and 146 million tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 6.00 per cent in the same year.
National production of the same calibre cement grew by 6.8% in the first half of the year, and corporate sales grew by 6%, roughly at the same level as the national average.
Conch cement (60585): 1h volume rises and the combined Māori rate for  products decreased mainly as a result of an increase in the share of trade operations
The fall in interest rates is mainly due to a significant increase in the share of gross domestic product (Māori) in the income of the trading business in the first half of the year.
(600585). Ton profits have been historically new and sales have risen steadily across the country, and overseas sales have risen as production capacity has increased steadily. In the first half of the year, overall market demand in the eastern and central regions has risen steadily, supply and demand relations have improved further, and sales have increased.
The southern region overcomes the impact of the dark weather, increasing sales through better market integration, stable prices, increasing sales by 18.91% over the same period, and a similar Māori rate. The western region has a stable overall market, with Māori sales falling by 3.10 percentage points over the same period.
and the continuing improvement of the sales market network, with the sales volume of offshore projects increasing by 49.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales by companies increasing by a year-on-year rate, interest income rising sharply by percentage points, management cost by 3.05 per cent, a decrease of 0.49 percentage points, and financial cost by 0.88 per cent, a decrease of 0.74 per cent.
Percentage point. The larger decrease in the cost was due to a fall in financial costs of 860.72 per cent over the same period and a larger increase in interest income on deposits. During the reporting period, the company continued to build domestic projects with a new cement mill, two bone items and one commodity concrete project in the first half of the year, an additional 2.3 million tons of cement production, 2 million tons of bone production and commodity condensation.
The capital expenditure on the project was about $3.468 billion, or about 5 per cent of the revenue, mainly for the construction of the cement clinker production line for overseas projects and for domestic energy conservation and environmental improvements, residual heat generation, investment in bone-material projects, and a full rise in the price of cement.
Gas, maintain the "buy-in" rating. Peband Institute sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.