Three-quarterly relatively stable earnings and growing shareholder confidence in development Events: 25 October 2023, 3-quarter report released by China Coal Energy, 3rd quarter 2023, 60898.sh
The company achieved business income of $156,209 million, a decrease of 10.91 per cent from the previous year, a net return to the mother, a significant increase in sales by coal owners, and a good cost control.
There was an increase of 9.67 million tons in commercial coal sales, an increase of 8.5 per cent. Of these, 91.14 million tons in power coal sales, an increase of 9.1 per cent in the same year, and 8,533 million tons in refined coal sales, an increase of 2.4 per cent in the same year, and 10,9.4 million tons in trade coal sales, an increase of 5.7 per cent in the same year.
In the first three quarters, coal sales for power amounted to RMB 532 per ton, a 15.2 per cent decrease in the same year; coal sales for refined coal amounted to RMB 1364 per ton, a 22.9 per cent decrease in the same year, and the company had better cost controls in the previous three quarters to mitigate the impact of falling coal prices on performance.
This represents a decrease of $11.39 per ton, or 3.7 per cent, mainly due to a decrease in the average number of open-air mines removed from the company, and a decrease of 8.9 per cent in the cost of materials, in parallel with an increase in the sale of home-grown goods, while the distribution of home-grown goods for rail transport and port miscellaneous costs accounts for the total sale of coal in the company ' s own-owned commodities.
In general, the company ' s coal plate has achieved business income of $132,370 million, a decline of 12.4 per cent compared to the previous year. Growth in production and good cost controls have kept the company performing better at the bottom of the market.
Coalification production has continued to increase, with lower costs leading to higher profits. In the three quarters of 2023, the company achieved sales of 1105,000 tons of polyolefins, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year; and urea, 1,704 million tons, a current sales of 415,000 tons, an increase of 17.9 per cent in the same year, for polyolefins, urea, methanol units.
The price decline was even more marked, with the company coalification unit achieving 2.5 billion yuan, an increase of 15.81 per cent, and the Sunda Stock Company Group, which has increased confidence in the company’s future development.
In the 12 months since 16 October 2023, the Shanghai Stock Exchange has been using a centralized bid.
Confidence in the company’s future development and recognition of the company’s long-term investment value. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: At present, strong regulation in safety has led to a contraction in the supply of coal from the source.
The coal market as a whole is expected to continue to operate in a disproportionate manner. We believe that high-quality coal enterprises still have high barriers, high cash, high dividends, and high shares over the next three to five years, depending on the tight supply and demand of coal in the long run.
We continue to appreciate the more stable costs of a high proportion of China's coal energy and endogenous growth. Keep the “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainty; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
Uncertainty in the policies of the coal- and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological and Mineral Economics Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee, formerly
As Deputy Director-General of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired by the Director-General), for more than a decade, he has conducted research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields, conducted research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Plan, revisions of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations; and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly responsible for research on large energy panels such as coal, electricity, gas, etc.
Minister of Finance, who has worked for many years in the first line of coal production, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry.
On-site reform, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, for a new course in electricity industry, a Master of Science in Finance from the Australian National University, and a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, for research in coal and electricity.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal sector, which has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.