Mango supermedia (300413). The synergies in the entire media industry chain highlight the new media agenda that has opened up a new process of integration, with head content contributing to the growth of fee-paying users.
The core business of the company grew by 125.36 per cent, with membership income growing by 128.82 per cent and advertising revenue increasing by 127.61 per cent. As the operator of Mangotv, happy sunshine achieved operating income of $4.010 billion, or 85.80 per cent, compared to the 85.8 per cent increase; net.
The profits were $616 million, an increase of 103.72 per cent over the same period. Corporate cash outflows increased in the first three quarters of 2018, mainly for the Mangotv new media video platform, and increased investment in copyright reserves, content development, product innovation and marketing.
Overall, the company as a whole continues to grow at a high rate, strengthening the company’s core competitiveness through major asset restructuring, and contributing to the company’s profitability. The confluence of the entire chain of media industries in the biosphere has been highlighted, with multiple projects receiving attention.
Video drama: During the reporting period, Mango under the company's flag entertained a phenomenon-class production, The Hair Star, which was broadcast on the Mango Co-research + Mangotv platform in the Mango Circle, watched the best performers at home, and for the first time achieved the global "no time difference" of the national drama, online netflix.
Expeditions abroad. In addition, dramas such as "I stand on the bridge to watch the view," "Golden Investor" and "Young Like Me" were overrated by the mainstream media, resulting in a two-fold harvest of the watch. 2) Multiculturalism: During the reporting period, the company was built around "Mango Monument Monument + Quality Selection + Precision."
The strategy is to further strengthen the content base and to fine-tune the quality of the content based on the core users.
Brokering, music copyrights, games and ip content interactive operations are steadily developing, and the media, retailing, are also actively exploring business transformations, creating new types of electrical commerce such as socialization, red and live broadcasting, while exploring new channels such as iptv and ttt.
The silk operation continues to be upgraded. The annual back-to-back user event, the Young Mango Festival, built by Mangotv, has more than 5 million people interacting on-line, with all kinds of homogenous sheds, both inside and outside the site, watching live broadcasts and video broadcasts.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the content of the company ' s 2019 fair, we believe that the company has a rich stock of projects, while the Department, as the first state-owned Internet video platform company with a strong project production capacity and extensive experience, looks forward to the public.