Mango tv has performed well, and the head is full of surprises, mango super-moment, mango super-moment.
Incident: Corporate performance as a whole continued to increase at a high rate of three-quarterly reports in 2018, with operating income of $7,181 million achieved in January-September 18, 24.79 per cent higher than the same period in the previous year, $813 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 37.36 per cent higher than the same period in the previous year, net profits generated by five subsidiaries, including non-repatriated net profits, recorded as non-recurring gains and losses, and consolidation of non-recurring gains and losses achieved by subsidiaries in July-September 2018
The net profit is accounted for by recurrent gains and losses. The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Mangotv, continues to reap impressive performance, and membership is growing rapidly.
During the reporting period, happy sunshine continued to use its core strengths and recorded high performance growth. In January-September 2018, happy sunshine achieved a gross operating income of $4.01 billion, an increase of 85.8 per cent over the same period; net profit of $616 million, an increase of 103.72 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period \triangleright, the company continued to plow head content, lock in young, urban, and female platform users, and adhere to the unique content strategy of “Mango exclusive + quality selection + fine homemade” to form a powerful synergy of content-driven platforms.
In the case of amphibious art, of the top 10 of the first half of the year 2018, Mangotv has four, the second season of singers, the second quarter of longing for life, the third of great detectives, and the third of supermen.
On October 26th, the star's 4th season was also a genuine traffic harvester, and Ye Eun's data show that the net is home-to-line for 47 million broadcasts a day. According to Mango tv 2019 competitions, Mango tv stocks in 2019 were adequate, and will be pushed.
In addition, 2019 mango tv-driven self-made dramas, web headlines, testing of watermini, Web-wide coverage of the campus of youth, genre, twilight, and twilight.
As a result, the platform’s top-level output is extremely high, and 19 years of output is expected. The synergies in the entire media industry chain of the Mango Ecoosphere have been highlighted, with the continued release of the back-to-the-street production capacity.
\triangleright built around a new media platform in Mangotv, where the company takes advantage of the consolidation of resources in the entire industry chain and develops a new business. The Mango entertainment-scale feature, The Metrostar Garden, was well done as a representative of the co-research + Mangotv platform in the Mango Circle.
The view on the bridge, the gold investor, and young as we are, have been overrated by the mainstream media, achieving a good two-way viewing. There has been steady growth in the boards of artist brokers, music copyrights, games, and ip marketing; media retailing has been affected by a contraction in wholesale operations, with a 19.37% drop in revenue, and companies are now actively exploring business transformations, creating new electrical business patterns such as socialization, red, live broadcasting, etc.
We believe that corporate growth paths can be seen in the rapid growth of corporate overall performance, resource integration, and industrial synergies. Companies are expected to compete more in the 2018-2020 industry, with the risk of rising cost pressures; copyright defects; and piracy risks.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
In 2016, he invested in the real estate industry. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in the present report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.