The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies (CADE) video business is growing fast, looking forward to the future with a net profit of $813 million, an increase of 37.36 per cent over the same period, and a net operating cash flow of $940 million.
Performance is slightly higher than expected, and happy sunshine continues to grow at a high rate: the company has previously issued a net profit forecast of 750-850 million yuan, with real net profit exceeding the ceiling. Mangotv’s operator, happy sunshine, achieved income of 40.1 billion yuan, an increase of 85.8 per cent, and a net profit of 616 million yuan, an increase of 103.72 per cent;
High growth in Internet video business, 127.61 per cent increase in advertising revenue, significant increase in member income, three quarters increase in Māori rates, resulting in lower net interest rates: three quarters and a quarter Māori rate of 1.
By 45.1%, well above 32.7% in the first half of the year, we believe that the Maori out-of-management rate, mainly for Internet video business, has increased slightly (4.4% to 5.0%), and that the change in accounting policy has resulted in a slight increase in the impairment of assets. We believe that corporate investment in marketing and R & D has been beneficial to the members of the company.
Growth and advertising revenue, as scale effects gradually emerge, will increase the net interest rate for the future. An online icon-like show called "The Voice" could be a potential source of money.
It's a great success since it was launched. The original show, Voice in the Heart, has a strong audience, probably a companion, City of Fantasia. It's worth focusing on.
The year was characterized by a rich programme, including the fifth season of Big Star Detectives, the romantic journey of wives and the second quarter of Brave World, a collection of heavy pounds, such as Fire King, Young Doo, Giant Crafts.
A 24.7 per cent share; failure to support the company by the Hunan Watch will affect profitability. Combined value of payable instruments, cash flow gap = net operating cash flow + net investment cash flow.
The income ratio was 24.7 per cent; Hunan Watch ' s support for companies was not as strong as expected to affect profitability, and then the final rating was calculated on average as an average market investment