q3 Performance meets expectations, content+platform strategy continues 28 October 2018
▪ Three-quarterly reports meet expectations and core business members + advertising revenues continue to grow at a high rate. In the third quarter of 2018, companies achieved a business income of $7.18 billion, a 24.8 per cent increase over the previous quarter, of which mangotv operated a business income of $4.01 billion, a 85.8 per cent increase over the core business Internet.
Video business grew at a rate of 125.4%, with membership income rising by 128.8%, advertising income rising, and the synergies in the entire media industry chain highlighted the continuous release of the production capacity of the former back-store plants. The phenomenon-scale production of mango entertainment products under the company's banner, The Flute Gardens, in the south of the lake watch and mango tv double flat.
During its exclusive broadcast, the televisions kept all the provincial guard week theatres open, and Mango tv platforms alone aired a total of 5.51 billion people and went overseas on line to Netflix; other plays, I stand on the bridge to watch the view, the gold investor, and we are as young as we are, achieved a two-fold harvest of the watch.
I love you, China 2, and other innovative programs such as the melody’s positive energy work, which has reached tens of millions of numeracy levels. Moreover, new channels such as artist brokers, music copyrights, games, and ip marketing have been developed steadily, and new channels such as iptv and ott have been expanded.
The Mangotv platform is the most powerful driver of the platform’s growth, and the entire industry is well-connected.
On the 2018-09-17 side of the "Mango solo + high quality selection + home-made" strategy, the project continues to develop a matrix of top content products, including a home-made programme called "The Romantic Travel of Wives, The Brave World."
With super-high flow clicks, we achieve market realization expectations. We have always stressed that content genes are the core competitive advantage of mango tv as distinct from bat, and that quality content will continue to drive the platform’s business growth in the future.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.