Mango super-magos, large growth in fee-paying membership, high-quality content, net profit of the parent company ' s shareholders at $813 million, an increase of 37.36 per cent over the same period; withholding is attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders.
The net profit of shareholders is 240 million yuan, a decrease of 18.39 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the shareholders of the parent company has increased the increase in the number of paying members of the mangotv. The Internet video business has developed rapidly, and the retailing of the media continues to shrink.
The growth of 24.8 per cent is mainly due to the high growth in company online video business. Mangotv, the operator of happy sunlight, achieved operating income of $4.01 billion, an increase of 85.80 per cent in the same year; net profit of $616 million, an increase of 103.72 per cent in the same year.
Business income fell by 19.37 per cent compared to the same period; the new media video platform, Mangotv, reached 510 million recent mau, an increase of 59 per cent compared to 2017; the dau reached 35.82 million, an increase of 25 per cent compared to 2017; and the number of paid members increased to 8.19 million, an increase of 8.19 million.
This is 82%. Compared to the company’s semi-annual data, the company’s third quarter dau is almost the same, but it is the latest user of payments that has grown by 2.18 million, exceeding the increase in the first half of the year.
With regard to television dramas, the company ' s phenomenon-based television show, The Flute Gardens, was seen on the Hunan Watch and Mango tv solo, with a total of $5.51 billion on the Mango tv platform; on the one hand, the first six editions of Wives ' Romance Travels, the entire platform went over $1 billion and 26 days of production.
For other programs, the company has also launched such popular works as the Golden Investor, the Young One, the Brave World, and so on. The growth of its fee-paying members has slowed, as well as its viewing of the amphibious arts, as the case may be.
S.A.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business Commercial trade: general retailing
1. The high rate of growth of Internet video business and the continued contraction of media retail business During the reporting period, corporate business income grew by 24.8 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the high rate of growth in company online video business.
In the third quarter, the growth rate of the video business was higher than in the first half of the year. With a net profit of $616 million, or 103.72 per cent over the same period, the Department’s retail media section was affected by a contraction in the wholesale business, with revenue falling by 19.37 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of 89.24 per cent; net profits of $421 million, an increase of 166.17 per cent over the same period; and Internet video operations in core business, which grew by 117 per cent, with a growth rate of 114.20 per cent for happy Sunshine members and 120.89 per cent for advertising, so that the growth in the company ' s Internet video business in the third quarter was higher than in the first half of the year, both for members and for advertising.
2. The television drama, the comprehensive show, and the innovation of the powder-absorbing method. The company-level television drama, The Flute Garden, was broadcast and maintained after the exclusive broadcasts of the Hunan and Mangotv sites, with the provincial Vigilante Week Theatre 1 and the national network for the first eight weeks, with a total of 5.51 billion unique broadcasts on the Mangotv platforms.
In the first six episodes of "The Romance of the Wives" show, the entire platform was over $1 billion, and 26 days of total production was first in line; other programmes, companies, and others, such as "Gold Investors," "A Young World, Like Us" and others, also featured, and their fans' ability to operate continues to improve. In August this year, the company launched the annual festival of the Young Mango, during which the platform was launched.
The number of people interacting online reached 5.03 million, the total number of users viewed live over 3.6 million over the five days of the station, the total number of live and on-demand webcasts over 100 million, and the number of microblogging topics read over 200 million.The data show that Mangotv's latest mau reached 510 million, an increase of 59 per cent from 2017; and Dau reached 35.82 million, an increase from 2017.
25% long; fee-paying membership increased to 8.19 million, an increase of 82%. Compared to the company ' s semi-annual data, the company ' s three quarters dau base was equal, but the number of new payers grew by 2.18 million more than in the first half of the year.
At the end of the asset end, the closing value of the corporate accounts receivable was $2.01 billion, an increase of 59.24 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rapid increase in operating income of the new media platform Mountain Culture Creative Co. Ltd.; the closing value of deferred earnings was $198 million, an increase of 75.76 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the expansion of the Internet video membership model, resulting in an increase in membership service payments.
On the cost side of the period, with the increase in advertising revenue and programme spending, the current cost of sales was $1.19 billion, an increase of 60.92 per cent over the same period; on the basis of the increase in inputs from manpower costs, the current cost of company administration was $320 million, an increase of 52.52 per cent over the same period; and on income tax, the current cost was $199.42 million, an increase of 1,583 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a significant increase in recreational performance in the east.
In terms of cash flows, the net operating cash outflows of companies during the period amounted to 938 million yuan, a significant increase over the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the increase in the cost of purchasing, marketing and manpower for the company. During the reporting period, platform mau reached 500 million, an increase of 59 per cent compared to 2017, and platform dau to 35,57 million, an increase of 24 per cent compared to 2017.
There are three bright spots in the company's current investment, the first of which is scarcity, and the company is the only listed company in the stock market with the concept of an Internet video platform; the second is the abundance of resources, with the company relying on the Hunan Watch, which has a strong capacity for video production and a wealth of advertising resources, and the Hunan Watch, one of the country's best provincial champions, which provides strong guarantees for the quality and quantity of its programmes;
After that, the users of the company’s video platform grew very fast, with Mangotv’s latest mau reaching 510 million, with a small gap between the mau of the three main video platforms – the 2.18 million paid members in the third quarter alone, exceeding the overall increase in the first half of 2018, attesting to the enormous potential of Mangotv to attract members, and the company’s high rate of growth in the operation of the video platform.