Coal power supply drives robust performance, with two mains co-operating, growing space, sanxi coal industry (601225.sh)
Incidents: On 25 April 2025, the Luangxi Coal industry published a 2024 report, which realized the company ' s operating income. The net profit earned by the company was $4,805 million, a decrease of 1.23 per cent in the same year; the net profit earned by the withholding of the non-repatriation from the mother was $4,552 million, while the production of coal increased steadily and the cost decreased to boost the benefits.
Production of 17,048 million tons of coal was achieved, an increase of 4.13 per cent in the same year; sales of 2,58.43 million tons of coal were achieved, an increase of 9.13 per cent in the same year, with home-grown coal sales reaching 16.17 million tons, a decrease in the same year.
In terms of volume, \triangleright sales prices and costs, in 2024, the company’s electricity was sold at $399/mw.
4.84%; total cost of electricity generation is RMB 341/MWh, a decline of 3.80% from the same year; coal masters are growing robustly and high-quality production is expected to be released gradually.
In March 2025, the production capacity of the coal mine increased from 8 million tons/yearly to 10 million tons/year, marking the formal admission of the coal mine from Yuan to the 33rd to 10 million tons/year in the country, becoming the first mine to be developed by the thongs (from the original 5 million tons) by the thugs group.
At the same time, the company is working on an increase in the capacity of the citadel towers to 20 million tonnes/year, and the Environmental Impact Report for the Lean Towers and Coal Selection Plant Project (2000 tonnes/year) has been prepared and is currently being reported to the Ministry of National Eco-Environmental Environment.
Look, the company has accelerated the process of repossession of the well fields associated with Trench Rabbit I and the Western Exploration Area.
In Beijing, the company still has a lot of room for growth during the 15-year period.
Coal power has increased performance, and there is much room for future growth. The company's deployment of “coal power integration” has led to the development of industrial alliances and the successful acquisition of coal power conglomerate fire power assets, which are expected to increase the company's performance directly and reduce the risk of volatility in the coal industry.
The group is mainly located in the provinces of Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi and Hunan and holds a total capacity of 19620 mw for coal-fired generators, of which 8,300 mw is for coal-fired generators, 11320 mw is for coal-fired generators, and there is scope for future electricity operations to grow.
High dividends focus on investor returns, and the continuity of coal power as a whole is to be expected. In 2024, the \triangleright lubricant distribution, and the consolidation of the three-quarter profit distributions, totaling $13.7 billion.
The company’s potential for future dividends and sustainability is to be expected. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We believe that the coal industry will continue to show a lack of supply for the next three to five years.
\triangleright \triangleright is flexible and demand is flexible, and the domestic power coal price hub is expected to operate mid-to-late high.
Risk factors: uncertainty in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
\triangleright Uncertainty in Policies on Coal and Power Related Industries; Safety of Production Incidents in Coal Mines, etc. Dr., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, China's Geo-Mine Economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Finance, former Minister of Investment and Investment of Coal Industry Group II, Vice-President of Coal Mines, who has worked for years in coal production and has been involved in coal production technology management.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Environmental Technology and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-hyun, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Ishi Lee-Wing, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.