End of short-term investment strategy: sophisticated (002475.ch)
On December 20, 20, 2021, we released an instant strategy for short-term investment (002475.ch). In this strategy, we believe that, in the long run, the company is expected to become a platform of assembly within the Apple hardware system.
In the first place, income and profit space have increased considerably. We have reached and surpassed our previous short-term investment strategy. So, we're closing the short-term investment proposal in time.
The short-term investment strategy is a fast-term evaluation product of the International Study of Pil-Silver, designed to provide investors with a high degree of certainty about short-term transactions. We try to capture short-term event-driven and market-driven trading opportunities that may be different or consistent with our 12-month long-term fundamentals.
Therefore, this product is only intended to provide short-term ideas and recommendations for technology investment and should not be considered as closing the transaction when the target is deemed to be unachievable or when the specified deadline has arrived. By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report has expressed and assured his right to this report under the following conditions and has agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.