China Smelter (601618) Construction decorations. Growth and innovation are high, and the performance of the mineral industry is impressive.
Events: The company published its annual 2021 report, which achieved business income of 50.570 billion yuan in 2021, a 25.1 per cent increase in the same year; achieved a net return to the mother of 8.37 billion yuan, a 6.5 per cent increase in the same year, and achieved a basic eps 0.35. The dollar, a 25.1 per cent increase in the same year, increased by 7 pp from the previous year, the highest rate of increase in the last decade, achieved
The net profit to the mother was $8.37 billion, an increase of 6.5 per cent. In sub-operations, in 2021, the company’s engineering business accounted for $46,229 million, an increase of 27.0 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the contribution of housing and metallurgical engineering, which grew by 38.3 per cent over the same period, and 27.4 per cent over the same period; real estate development, which was affected by the macro-environmental impact, which generated $21.42 billion, a decline in the same year.
11.2 per cent; significant performance in resource development operations, benefiting from large global price increases and the company's fast-drawing and full sales strategy, with revenues of $6.67 billion, an increase of 52.1 per cent over the same period; the company's revenue of $151.08 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and the net return to the mother
22.50 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.0 per cent over the same period. On a quarterly basis, the company decreased by 0.7 pp in q1/q2/q3/q4 in 2021, mainly as a result of increased bidding competition in the field of engineering end-of-work materials, higher labour costs and metallurgy.
The business Maori rate has risen, particularly as mineral development benefited from a significant increase in mineral prices, such as copper, nickel, and corporate efficiency measures, with a 42.67 per cent increase of 14.43 pp from the same year. The company’s period fee was due to the company’s one-time payment of retiree fees and interest-bearing liabilities from the company’s integrated arrangements.
Cost falls, and sales and R & D costs are roughly equal. Net interest rates of 1.7 per cent reflect a 0.3 pp decrease over the same period, mainly due to the impact of the current real estate industry, the company ' s partial impairment of the value of individually determined references, the asset and credit impairment of $5.34 billion, an increase of $1.66 billion over the same period the previous year, and the gains and losses of a few shareholders.
The company signed a contract of $1.2 trillion in 2021, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the previous year, of which the new contract for metallurgical engineering was $15,779 million, the same size, to lay the foundation for a sustained release of the company’s future performance. In addition, it was affected by geopolitics and supply and demand, gold.
The price of nickel, copper and zinc lead on the market continues to rise, and the company’s mining projects in Papua New Guinea and Pakistan continue to contribute high profits. With political stability in Afghanistan, the company’s early-generation Enak copper mining project is expected to return to production. The company plans to earn $550 billion in operating revenue by 2022, and to achieve new contracts.
China’s China Metallurgical Corporation, the largest and only company with a plush share in China’s five mines, is the world’s largest metal construction contractor and metal company operator, accounting for 90% of the country’s metallurgical market share and 60% of the world’s metallurgical market, and has a prominent position in the industry. At the same time, the company is one of the country’s priority resource groups, with the largest domestic production capacity.
One of the steel-structured producers, one of the first 16 central enterprises identified by the State Council's State Council's State Finance Committee, with real estate development as its main industry, and China's major capital forces, created the famous Shenzhen speed in the early years of reform and opening, ranking sixth in the ranking of Global Contractor 250 in 2021.
The company is highly competitive in four major areas: engineering contracting, real estate development, equipment manufacturing, resource development, etc., resulting in eight major operations: metallurgical engineering, high-end building, mid-end real estate, transport municipal infrastructure, mine construction and mineral development, core technical equipment and steel construction, environmental engineering and new energy sources, and feature projects.
On December 8, 2015, the Chinese Metallurgical Group as a whole was transferred to China’s five mines, China’s Central Metallurgical Group became an indirect controlling subsidiary of China’s five mines. In May 2020, the China Metallurgical Group transferred 5.92% of China’s shares to China’s Petroleum Group without compensation, with 49.18% of the China Metallurgical Group’s shares remaining in the holding group after the transfer.
The company has 12 first-class scientific institutions and 15 large-scale construction enterprises, with five comprehensive first-class design qualifications and a total of 41 special-level construction contracts, covering various areas such as metallurgical construction, building infrastructure, real estate development, equipment manufacturing and resource development.
Figure 2: China’s Central Metallurgy Structure (2021) has made great efforts to develop the business system and product positioning of the “Eight Pillar of the Four Leaps.” During the “Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen” period, the company will use the “Focus Metallurgy in Building Good Central Metallurgy” as a development vision and will continue to insist, under the new norm, on “the creation of the world’s first-class metallurgical team.”
The capital masters, pioneers, leaders of new and emerging industries, long-term adherence to high-tech, high-quality and innovative development strategies, and the development of the operational system and product orientation of the "Four Grails" are metallurgical construction, engineering contracting, new and emerging industries, and integrated real estate. The "Four Grails" are metallurgical engineering and operation services, mining engineering and production.
Operating services, core equipment and steel structures, building and urban renewal, transport municipalities and other works, eco-environmental and cultural engineering, development of new energy and mineral resources, green and healthy smart properties, with a strong growth rate in corporate performance in recent years, with engineering contracting at its core.
The same rate of growth in business income was 25.11%, up from 7 pp in the previous year, the highest level of growth in the last decade. From the revenue structure, the strengthening of State regulation of real estate, the contribution of corporate real estate development revenue has declined, and the business income structure has generally stabilized.
The Māori ratio of reserve manufacturing operations was 9.19%, 15.12%, and the Māori ratio of real estate development and resource development operations was relatively high and stable. The Māori ratio of resource development operations was significantly higher, mainly as a result of a steady recovery in multi-crystal silicon and nickel prices, and the successful completion of production operations in the first half of the year, with a marked increase in key business indicators such as production and sales.
In 2021, there was a significant increase in resource development operations in the area of company sales, management, finance, and active deployment of minerals. The company’s resource development operations focused mainly on mining of metal mineral resources such as nickel, copper, zinc, lead, mineral selection, smelting, etc., which is already operating in Papua New Guinea.
The Cobalt and Cobalt Project, the Gradak copper gold mining project in Pakistan, the Duda lead and zinc mining project in Pakistan and the Ainak copper mine in Afghanistan generated annual revenues for the company of $6.67 billion, an increase of 52.1 per cent over the same year.
Assumption 3: The steel industry enters a critical period of deepening supply-side reform, companies benefit from a green and recirculating steel structure, sales, scenario 4: recovery in mineral resource demand, recent sharp rebounds in mineral prices, assuming high revenues from resource development operations, downside risk, overseas geopolitical and metal price volatility.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.