A steady increase in performance, full impairment and cost-control support for high-quality development architectural decorations — professional engineering — corporate business data continue to grow at a high rate against a background of weak capital investment.
Annually, the contractor industry collected 46.23 billion yuan (+27.0%), representing an increase of 1,12 pct, metallurgical engineering, $11.54 billion (+27.3%) and an increase of 0.06 pc, with a core mastership of $1.031 billion. After the impairment calculation, the company ' s assets were optimized and its financial stability improved.
After excluding the effects of more than sufficient impairments, the calculation of the parent ' s net profit was approximately $9.9 billion, and the Māori rate declined by 2.82 pct. The decline in the Māori rate was due mainly to the slowdown in the market for metallurgical construction, capital investment less than expected and the tightening of property control policies.
The growth in resource development is promising and the profitability of the new business portfolio is expected to continue to improve. Corporate resource development generated $6.67 billion in revenues in 2021, an increase of 52.14 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate for resource development operations.
42.67 per cent, a significant increase of 14.43 pct compared to the previous year, with operating profits of $2.85 billion, or 20.1 per cent.
In view of the political risks in the country, the price of metals and minerals has fallen sharply, and the growth of efficiency gains is expected to continue, and resource development operations are expected to create new growth poles.
The company is the world's largest and strongest metal construction contractor and metal company operator.
China Metallurgical Industries Ltd., China, is one of the world’s largest and most powerful metal construction contractors and metal company operators, one of the country’s identified priority resource groups, one of the country’s largest producing steel structures, and one of the first 16 central enterprises identified by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council as being based on real estate development.
In 1982, the State Council approved the formal establishment of the China Metallurgical Construction Company, under the Ministry of Metallurgical Industries. In December 2008, the China Metallurgical Industries Group initiated the establishment of China Metals Co. Ltd. (“China Metallurgical”) and in September 2009, China successfully listed China Metals in Shanghai and Hong Kong (a share code 601618.sh, h)
The company’s main business consists of engineering contracts, real estate development, equipment manufacturing, and resource development.
China maintains the strategic position of “the world's top metallurgical-building team, the capital masters, the pioneers, the emerging industrial leaders, the leaders, and the long-term commitment to high-tech, high-quality and innovative development.” China is making a major effort to develop the operational system and product orientation of the “Four-Ring” pillar.
The eight pillars are metallurgical engineering and operation services, mining engineering and operation services, core equipment and steel structures, building and urban renewal, transport municipalities and other works, bio-environmental and cultural engineering, new energy and mineral resources development, green and healthy intelligent properties.
The division’s diverse business layout is closely centred around its own engineering and resource advantages, core competitiveness is growing, and emerging business is expected to rapidly develop competitive advantages that will inject new growth dynamics into the company’s performance. Figure 2: China’s Chinese matrix of products of the “Four Pillars”
On 8 December 2015, with the approval of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, China Metallurgical Group and China Five Minerals Group Limited (the “China Five Mine”) began a strategic restructuring process, with the China Metallurgical Group integrated into China's Five Mines as a whole.
With metals and minerals at its core, there is a rich global reserve of mineral resources, and strong trade logistics and financial operations. Companies rely on the Five Minerals Group, which, as strategic integration deepens, is expected to receive sustained support in terms of overseas outreach and project investment.
Figure 3: China’s Central Metallurgical Equity Structure has grown steadily in 2021, and the quality of business is expected to continue to improve.
Business data continue to grow at a high rate. In 2021, the main engineering contractor generated $46.23 billion (+27.0 per cent), an increase of 1.12 pct, maintained core engineering contractor ownership status and maintained a high level of war.
After the impairment calculation, the quality of the company’s assets was fully optimized and the financial stability further improved. After excluding the impairment effect, the net return profit was approximately $9.9 billion, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the same period. Figure 9: China’s Māori Metallurgical Rate and Changes in Net Interest Rates (in %)
The Māori rate is still under pressure, and the cost pressure control is beginning to show results. The Māori sales rate for companies in 2021 was 12.13%, down 0.33 ptt from the previous year, with the Māori rate for engineering contracting down 0.98 pt and the Māori rate for real estate development down 2.82 pt. The decline in Māori is mainly due to the slowdown in the market for metallurgical construction and the lack of capital investment.
Among these, the sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates are distinctly effective to control fees, and the combined cost rates are reduced from year to year, while increasing research and development inputs.
Days fell to 58.8 days in 2021. In 2021, the company achieved a net operating cash flow of $17.640 billion, a year-on-year decrease in the corresponding rate of increase in liabilities, mainly due to the reduced capacity to collect advance engineering payments, reflecting pressure on the company to negotiate prices with downstream clients, and the weak sale of company real estate, which has had some impact on the slowdown in the growth of contractual liabilities.
Obligations for the transfer of goods and services, with 2017 data containing partial advance payments, the continued strengthening of the engineering industry, the creation of a second growth pole in the mineral industry, the potential of the engineering market and the continued growth of technological advantages
The steel industry in China accounts for about 15% of the country’s total carbon emissions, and is the largest contributor to carbon emissions in the 31 manufacturing sectors. The steel industry’s high-fire-transplant long-process process structure dominates, with coal and coke close to energy inputs.
90% of the production process has a high carbon emission density. In the context of the “carbon neutral” policy, the concentration of the steel industry will continue to rise, carbon emission restrictions will gradually increase, environmental protection will continue to grow, and the low-carbon intelligence of steel production lines will be expected to become “required” for future steel companies.
Since 1 June 2021, a new version of the Implementation Scheme for Power Exchanges in the Steel Industry, issued by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, has been in operation, which states that the construction of iron and steel production capacity is subject to separate capacity replacement, and that it is prohibited to increase the total capacity of steel production in priority areas of air pollution control.
The compliance capacity obtained after the merger reorganization gives preference to the replacement rate. The replacement rate for the air pollution prevention priority area is no less than 1.5:1 and for other areas no less than 1.25:1. When the compliance capacity acquired after the completion of the substantive merger reorganization is used for project construction, the replacement rate for the air pollution control priority area may be no less than the replacement rate.
1.25:1, replacements in other regions can be no less than 1.1:1 (the replacement ratio refers to the replacement of low-carbon metallurgical processes by a new approach that provides a policy for the replacement of low-carbon metallurgical processes and encourages industrial green low-carbon development and technological innovation). The new approach allows for equivalent replacements in six scenarios (i.e. the replacement ratio can be up to 1:1)
Intra-firm exits from the construction of electric furnaces and, in addition, from the processing capacity of equipment items such as scalding, furnaces, furnaces, etc. (2) exits and constructs of smelting equipment are both projects. (3) does not change the type of smelting equipment, capacity (volume), quantity of in-plant technical adaptation projects. (4) exits from the scalding, burning, high furnaces, etc.
Equipment to build iron production capacity for radon smelting and non-high furnace iron processing projects such as radon smelting and vinex, hesmelt. (5) Steel production capacity for stainless steel using the rotary kiln-miner-aod furnace process. (6) Steel smelting project in the Qinghai and Tibet regions.
In 2021, the company ' s new contract for metallurgical engineering continued to grow at a rapid rate. In 2021, the company ' s new contract for metallurgical engineering increased its rate of contract conversion, based on a growth rate of more than that. We believe that the company ' s metallurgical industry continues to grow as a result, inter alia, of the company ' s strong competition for metallurgy intelligence and greening technology.
The company’s new major metallurgical engineering capacity was replaced in 2021, and the technology-reengineering project dominated, reflecting a shift in the company’s order structure from incremental to stock markets.
With the exception of traditional iron and steel engineering, the company makes full use of its clients’ resources and has project carrying capacity in areas such as aluminium engineering, coal engineering, mining engineering, etc., which is expected to provide diversified support to the metallurgical engineering industry.
One-sided construction cannot meet the demands of economic development and people’s lives, and investment in integrated infrastructure projects developed in cooperation models such as f+epc, ppp and others has grown rapidly.
One hundred and seventy million dollars, in our view, is mainly due to an upturn in the pool of high-investment, high-intelligence ppp projects, the central focus of the company's capital business, which constantly enhances the influence of the medium-melt brand. In the area of its capital business, the company focuses on the planning and operation of high-capacity, fast-growing cities, in the form of swath development, orbital transport, municipalities, environmental protection.
In 2021, the company increased the quantity of its “high and new” newly signed projects by signing new contracts of $5 billion or more, with the prospect of increasing the profitability of the mineral plate.
Global metal prices have risen sharply, and the scarcity of upstream mineral resources has been highlighted. Metal mineral resources have been developed over a long period of time, with large investments, high barriers, relatively fixed postnatal production costs, benefits from the epidemic and oil supply. Metal prices have risen in a tight environment, and the metal mineral industry has seen a significant increase in its climate in 2021.
The company achieved rapid growth by adopting a “fast-drawn-out” and “full-yielding” strategy. In 2021, the company's resource development business generated $6.67 billion, an increase of 52.14 per cent over the previous year, and its Māori resource development business increased by 42.67 per cent, a significant increase of $14.43 pct over the previous year, with operating profits of $2.85 billion, or 20.1 per cent.
In terms of specific projects, the Ric and Cobalt Project in Papua New Guinea increased business income by 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis and net profits by 62 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding output for the fourth consecutive year since 2016; the Lead and Zinc Mining Project in Pakistan increased business income by 41 per cent on a year-on-year basis and red profits by 74 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the Pakistan Lead and Zinc Project increased by 74 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The Tanduda Lead and Zinc Mining Project achieved a 2 per cent increase in business income and a 68 per cent increase in net profits and a billion yuan increase throughout 2021. At the same time, the company is actively engaged in negotiating potential overseas project resources exploration and cooperation, and future resource development operations are expected to increase steadily and performance contributions are expected to increase steadily.
1) Engineering contracting: As corporate leaders in global metallurgical engineering, smartness, green metallurgical engineering technology is highlighted, and competitive advantages in metallurgy engineering are expected to continue to be released. In non-steel engineering, corporate-wide resource integration advantages, building advantages in integration are expected to be further consolidated, and medium-metallurgical brand influence is expected to be further enhanced.
3) Equipment manufacturing operations: a relatively small share of revenue, which is expected to grow steadily. We expect the portfolio to grow steadily. 4) Resource development operations: the corporate resource development business portfolio is growing rapidly and is expected to grow steadily in the future.
Comparable company valuation method: China, where we have chosen to focus on professional engineering and actively set up a new business block, China, China, China, China, China, China, Nuclear as a comparable company, values Chinese smelt are significantly lower than the average value of comparable companies, and for the first time, coverage gives an “enhanced” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject