Repurchase of the development dividend in the Great Bay area is of obvious value.
Quarterly total operating income achieved by the company increased by 25.8 per cent over the same period by 33.78 billion yuan; Quarterly gross operating income earned by the company increased by 45.15 per cent over the same period; roe (ttm) over the above by 8.2735 million square metres of contracted real estate sales
In recent years, the company has been fully involved in the development of large-scale integrated projects such as the former Gulf, the Prince, the Fair Bay, etc.; the former sea snakes have been approved for their own trade zone, and the land preparation and joint venture cooperation programmes are clear: the large-scale development of the Ma Bay area has been opened, and so forth.
Equity buy-backs are a positive boost to value. Companies have recently repurchased in the form of a centralized bid, and repurchases will further boost the company’s profitability per share.
The company is the flagship of the IUD operating plate under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, and is the central asset consolidation and business synergy platform that the Group of Commerce and Industry has to focus on in the country.
The construction and development of the Shenzhen Viper Zone was created in 1979. Forty years ago, it was the source of China’s reform and opening up, making an important historical contribution to China’s economic development, hatching and nurturing of well-known enterprises represented by the Bank of Merchant Businesses, Safe Insurance, the Central Group, and the Recruiting of Business Estates.
The company, with its operational vision of “China's leading city and park integrated development service provider”, focuses on the three main business sectors of park development and operation, community development and operation, and the cruise industry, and participates fully in China in a unique integrated development model of the former Hong Kong’s “Cities of the Middle Zone”
The company actually controls an artificial conglomerates, directly or indirectly holding a firm’s stake of 71.28%, and the equity structure is stable. Since it was listed, the merchants’ business performance has increased across the board, and they have been trading from the Pre-Henn Zone, the Prince’s Bay Post.
By the end of 2018, the total assets of the merchants had reached $420 billion, bringing the net return profit to $145.5 billion.
Corporate operations cover nearly 60 cities and regions around the world, with more than 400 development excellence projects serving millions of clients. 2. The ideal performance of sales continues to grow faster.
In the context of the decline in the national sales rate, companies were able to exceed their target of 150 billion sales for the entire year set at the beginning of the year, while sales increased by more than 50 per cent in the leading industry, highlighting its ability to implement and compete. By the end of the three seasons, companies had received 84.2 billion advance payments, accounting for 111.67 per cent of the 17-year total, and the balance was abundant.
Performance security is high. The company has recently released a fast-track performance report, which is expected to realize net profits on shareholders belonging to listed companies for 18 years, an increase of about $3.3 billion in gross gross gross profits over the same year, and an increase of about $1 billion in gross profits in the same year for park development operations.
Figure 2: Growth in sales by year, Figure 3: Changes in average sales prices, while growing rapidly, performance has also improved considerably. Companies ' Māori rates and net interest rates reached 37.66 per cent in 2017, respectively.
Figure 4: Māori sales rate, changes in net interest rates 3. Deep-farming Grand Bay region value increases are expected.
3.1 It is self-evident that the world-class Bay Area has accelerated the rise in the value of land in the region. On 18 February, the Central Chinese Communist Party and the State Council issued the Outline for the Development Plan for the Hong Kong Territory of Australasia and issued a circular requesting that all sectors of the region implement it carefully and in a practical manner.
The nine cities of the Pearl Triangle in the regions of China and Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chuhai, Fushan, Huixiang, Dongzhou, Nakayama, Jiangmen, Zhaoqing and other cities in Guangdong Province, with a total area of 56,000 square kilometres and a total population of about 70 million people at the end of 2017, have an economy of about 10 trillion yuan, one of the most open and economically dynamic regions of the country, and are developing in the country.
As a strategic deployment at the national level, Hong Kong, Australia, and the Bay Area have become more united, and the rapid development of their infrastructure has begun. The Bay region has a clear advantage in terms of its economic strength and size, while its innovative elements have been brought together and internationalized.
First of all, intraregional cooperation is based on a sound basis for integration. It is obvious that the region’s rapid economic growth, which continues to attract more good people, will lead to an influx into the world’s first-class Gulf region and world-class cities, and that the value of land in the region will increase further.
The company, which has developed over 40 years, has developed a unique business model for the integrated development of the “former port-central zone-back town” zone, which is driven by the flow of people, logistics and information in the port area.
The company develops high-end development plans for the Great Bay region, while providing a living sample of the Gulf region’s development experiences.
In recent years, the company has made every effort to promote the development of large-scale integrated projects such as the former Gulf, Prince Bay, and Fair Bay; the integrated planning of the former Sea Snakes and Trade Zones; the identification of land preparation and joint venture cooperation programmes; and the opening of a large-scale development of the Ma’s Bay Area. The development of the Great Bay Area at a faster pace will offer the company great potential for development.
In the 11 cities of the Great Bay region, including Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chuhai, Fuoshan, Dong-jung, and eight other major cities, further deployment is expected to be high. At the end of 2014, a centrally approved 28.2 square kilometres of the former sea border and snakes became part of the Guangdong province self-trade zone.
The company recently issued a communiqué on the signing of the pre-sea land preparation agreement, which led to the signing of a cooperation agreement. Overall, the modalities for the implementation of land rehabilitation in the former sea area, the value of compensation, the land-use replacement programme and the follow-up joint-venture implementation programme have been clearly defined, helping to speed up the process of land rehabilitation in the former sea.
In recent years, the company has been fully engaged in large-scale integrated development operations – the former Gulf, the Prince of Snakes, the Shenzhen Fair – which are further demonstrated by the company’s model of integrated area development operations in the former Hong Kong Central Zone – the back city.
The former Gulf: a new path of cooperation between the former Sea Authority and the Commissariat Group for the integrated development and operation of the Great Bay. The project occupies approximately 2.9 square kilometres of land in the former Gulf, planning seven large units and building areas.
Over 5 million square metres, with a large complex of office, residential, commercial, hotel, cultural and recreational facilities, the Pronto Bay project in the ex-Sea Snake Port is the focus of the project “Rebuilding the New Snake Ports.” The project is planned to build buildings or facilities in 10 areas of the Prince's Bay area, such as offices, commerce, cruise mother ports, high-end houses, fair centres, etc.
Integrated core business areas. Planning for a total area of approximately 1.7 million square metres, supported by 220,000-class cruise mother ports, will be built into a core engine in the port of Australasia.
In the context of globalization, the Prince's Bay Zone will be built into a major maritime portal in Shenzhen, where the total area of the project will be over 3 million square metres, with an innovative integrated operating model of “Build, Operations and Integrated Development” (bo+d), a complex consisting of approximately 1.57 million square floors of the world's largest exhibition gallery, Shenzhen.
The confluence of the exhibition centre and the total building area of about 1.54 million square metres, with close interaction and resource-sharing, will be an important engine and platform for the integration of Shenzhen into the Great Bay region.
In recent years, companies have acquired large amounts of projects through equity acquisitions and have acquired cost advantages, highlighting the competitiveness of state firms. In the last three quarters, companies have accumulated 58 new projects with 10 million square metres of expanded project resources, at a total cost of about $82 billion, not seven plots of land in Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, ten milligrams, Wuhan, etc., with a total construction area of 1540.8 million square metres.
During the year, a total of 13 million flats were added to the company’s land supply, up 65% from the previous year, and the total cost of land was about 93 billion, representing 54.8% of sales earnings. The company’s overall supplementary resources during the year were positive, laying the foundation for sustained and faster growth.
The company further enhanced its market competitiveness in the region by acquiring 80% of East Wind real estate and 100% equity and related claims from Zhejiang Yun and Real Estate Group Limited, affiliated to the East Wind Motors Company. The acquisition of shares in the Länder has also been completed over 18 years, increasing the reserves of rich park resources.
The area of 1.16 million acres (3,376 acres of the two-fish island) of which the comptoirs and their controlling subsidiaries have ownership rights, are in the process of or have already completed the first stage of development. Through strategic collaboration between the comptoirs and the companies in Xiamen and Xiangzhou, companies can share the advantages of the Xianjin policy area, locking in the future of the seaboard plate ahead of time.
(a) Development dividends, further enhancement of the corporate park development and regional integrated development capabilities, with project future profits and business growth expected to be associated, and the level of indebtedness maintained at the right level; the company continued to maintain the main credit ratings and debt credit ratings of aaa and successfully issued 7 billion yuan in corporate bonds;
For 3.74 per cent, 3.55 per cent; for the joint venture capitalist and bank of the bank of the peace, an agreement has been signed to establish a series of investment funds to introduce stable partners in the fund; and for several companies, such as the joint venture, a fund for the investment of the company's own industry, a fund has been set up to explore innovative ways of integrating “landowners and shareholders” into production.
At the end of the reporting period, the amount of the loan contract was equivalent to RMB 1529.9 billion and the sum of the loan to RMB 97.1 billion. The company ' s combined capital was repurchased for the first time on 20 February 2019 by repurchase of a special securities account.
Of the RMB 2.3225 billion, or no more than RMB 4 billion, the company will be able to raise its own earnings per share. The purpose of the repurchase includes equity incentives, employee ownership schemes, swapping of corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted into shares, which will help the company to optimize its capital structure, reduce the cost of financing, and raise the cost of financing.
Companies are competitive. Companies now repurchase 22.5% - 13% of the value of shares to be repurchased; in the future, one cash form distributes profits to shareholders in the order of 10,908 million yuan, with a red-rate win over other leading home firms. Companies will continue to maintain a high rate of dividends, with a positive return to investors expected to be high.
7. Summary and investment recommendations The company, by the end of the year, took the combined market of marketable real estate, which brought together the unique advantages of the two main platforms of the former commercial real estate and snake-port industrial zones, forming a pattern of synergies between the three business plates. At the same time, it relied on the high-quality resources of the major shareholders, at the resource level.
The company has a wealth of experience in integrated urban and industrial development operations, a unique model of integrated development in the former port, the second half of the former port, which is gradually being replicated. The value of land and property in the former sea snake trade zone is high, and benefits from the development of the Hong Kong Australasia and the former sea trade zones, and the value of the project will be revalued.
Current stock buy-backs are actively advancing, and further repurchases are expected to be high in the future, increasing the company’s earnings per share; while a continued high-scoring-red ratio is generous to investors, the value of corporate stock investments is high. For 18 years, companies are forecast to have a “market index” benchmark of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.