E.E.G. (002463) Performance rollpoint, 5g+ Automobile 2x4
Performance summary: the company achieved operating income of $3.849 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 14.02 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $383 million, an increase of 136.7 per cent over the same period, close to the ceiling of the performance forecast. At the same time, the company warns that the performance of the company is on track and that the performance of the company is improving at an accelerated rate on a quarterly basis.
The growth of the company's productive capacity, the increase in its capacity utilization and the optimization of its product structure has steadily advanced, with performance exceeding the previous three quarters by billions of yuan and 187 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 42.35 per cent, 135.45 per cent and 216.78 per cent, respectively, accelerating seasonally Newly high net interest rates in the next quarter, q4 earning capacity expected to improve further, with high levels of profitability year-round.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Market boards achieved operating income of $1.54 billion, an increase of 10.75 per cent over the same period, benefiting mainly from high-speed communications and accounting, the growing use of emerging areas such as virtual digital money, cloud-end computing and artificial intelligence, and the consolidation of industrial capacity in high-level, high-speed pcb. In the second half of 2018, companies are expected to communicate at high-speed and high-speed.
The market share in computing will continue to grow, and to some extent cushion the adverse effects of competition and demand in wireless communications. • Autoelectronics are promising, and the Top5 strategy is promising in the future. The company ' s automobile board business was realized in the first half of 2018.
Business income of $678 million, an increase of 19.81 per cent over the same year, and revenue of 29 per cent. With more high-end electronics and telecommunications technologies applied by cars, demand for motor panels has grown steadily in recent years. Companies are now entering a new US-based system of suppliers of energy cars and achieving a stable supply; and companies are actively opening up their countries.
Intra-car e-clients, some of them have achieved steady supply. Under the company’s first five medium- and long-term strategy for the global automobile board market, the company’s automobile board business is to be expected.
1 kilometer of electricity: prominent in the main camp, showing a catch in performance
Carboards, complemented by industrial equipment panels, etc., can be widely applied to communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, microwave backbones, corporate communications market boards and car boards, which have traditionally been corporate superiors, and the communications market boards' relatively stable contribution to the company's operating income.
During the first half of 2018, the company benefited from its long-standing comparative advantage in this area, from the growing use of high-speed communication and computing in emerging areas such as virtual digital currency, cloud-end computing and artificial intelligence, and from the integration of high-level, high-speed pcb production, the market share and turnover of the company in high-speed communication and computing.
In the first half of 2018, the company’s communications market board achieved operating revenues of about $1.54 billion, a year-on-year increase, and to some extent cushioned the adverse effects of intense competition and weak demand in the area of wireless communications. Automotive board operations were also one of the company’s core operations, with operating revenues of about $678 million in the first half of 2018, a year-on-year increase.
With more high-end electronics and communications technology, the demand for automobile boards has grown steadily in recent years, the company’s automobile board customers and products have been better structured, production efficiency and quality have improved continuously. For example, the former company has entered a new energy automobile supplier system in the United States of America and has achieved a steady supply.
Automobile e-clients, some of whose suppliers have stabilized. Company 24ghz car high-frequency radar pcb products and new energy vehicle battery management system (bms) product pcbs increased faster in the first half of 2018: 77ghz car active radar pcb products are also being developed steadily, multiple customers have started to sample and are expected to be in the first half of 2018.
Figure 2: Composition of the company ' s main business income (in billions of yuan) for the calendar year
The company’s operating income and net profits attributable to its parent company increased steadily from year to year, from $3.849 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 14.02 per cent in the same year, to $343 million in the same year, an increase of 183.5 per cent in the same year in the net profit from non-repatriation.The company’s sales earnings continued to grow, benefiting from high-speed communications and computing in virtual digital currency, cloud-end computing and artificial intelligence on the one hand
On the other hand, the continued expansion of external client penetration, the deepening of pre-existing high-quality customer resources, and the active development of new customers have led to faster growth in the scale of corporate sales. Corporate sales are relatively high, concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, where firms achieved export revenue in the first half of 2018.
13.87 billion yuan, or 58.3 per cent of the total, was directly exported to the United States of America, which accounted for less than 3 per cent of business earnings. In the context of increased global trade disputes, firms actively expanded their domestic markets and increased their domestic sales, resulting in faster and longer revenues from intra-firm sales. In the first half of 2018, firms achieved 990 million yuan in domestic sales, an increase of 37.15 per cent.
The Māori rate has reversed the decline and research and development expenditure has continued to rise. The Māori rate of company sales has reversed its decline in recent years, and it has continued to rise year by year, reaching 23% in the first three quarters of 2018.
Internationally integrated business management teams have developed standard operating standards to ensure the optimal management of production and marketing processes; Internal audit systems have been developed to ensure that production activities are proceduralized, standardized and standardized. Compared to other enterprises in the industry, companies have a certain advantage in cost control, driven by upgrading production technology, innovation in production processes and management.
The improved virtuous cycle of this reduction translates improved results into new regulatory standards. With information management tools, effective and timely monitoring of the implementation of control standards can be effectively consolidated.
The continuous optimization of the Division ' s client and product structure, improved capacity utilization, the adaptation of automated production lines and the optimization of the corresponding management systems resulted in a continuous improvement in the efficiency of production and product quality and a virtuous cycle of cost reduction. In the first half of the year, the overall profitability of the corporate communications market board was gradually restored, with an increase in the Māori rate of about 4.25 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate for motor boards has remained stable overall, with a slight decline of about 0.24 percentage points in the first half of 2018, in the face of multiple pressures and challenges, such as continued price reductions and increasing competition for old car boards.
In terms of the cost of the period, the firm’s three rates have been steadily decreasing overall in recent years, suggesting that the company’s operations are robust and its efficiency improving from year to year. In addition, the company’s R & D costs have increased year to year, with about $169 million invested in R & D in the first three quarters of 2018, with a 4.4% R & D rate at an all-time high, with the company’s R & D inputs mainly related to wireless high frequency (HF) communications, high-speed network communications,
At the same time, the company’s research and development centre has focused on “core network high-resolution route board development”, “high-speed light module printing”
Research and development of projects such as the “Big-size router circuit board development”, “oversizebackpanel product development” and “Inner-heavy copper backboard heat radiating products”, most of which have been successfully developed and produced.
The company currently has three plant areas, namely: Kunshan main factory, Kunshan Tsai, which is mainly producing corporate communications products, and which has been fully relocated to Qingshan New Plant 2014-2016 and whose profitability has been continuously restored; Quan Kshan plant, which mainly produces processed motor panels and low-end non-safe products; and Yellow Shik Tsai, which is mainly responsible for the two plants.
In the context of the gradual movement of low-end products from the coastal region to the central-western region in the pcb industry, the technology involved in the transfer of these products to the Yellowstone plant and the active adjustment of the yellowstone business team to the single-line strategy.
Improved volume and medium-end product ratios; improved process techniques, optimized operating processes and led to reduced costs, improved overall profitability of the Yellowstone plant in the first half of 2018, and improved efficiency in the second quarter of 2018
At the same time, the company has initiated production planning for the Yellowstone motor panel, with a security level, and a dedicated operating team, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2019. Assuming that 1: the company’s communications market board will maintain a 25% growth rate over the next three years, subject to product restructuring and productivity gains.
Assumption 2: the company’s car board will maintain a 20% growth rate over the next three years, subject to product restructuring and increased capacity utilization, and scenario 3: the company’s office and industrial equipment board will maintain a 20% increase over the next three years, and the Māori rate will stabilize at 22% waterpe.
In the wake of the company's relocation of Kwenshan headquarters, the gradual transfer of low- and medium-end production capacity to the Yellowstone plant, the effective improvement in the profitability of the Yellowstone plant, the gradual improvement in the structure of the company's products and in the utilization of its production capacity led to a marked increase in profitability in 2018, the emergence of a cutback point in performance, taking into account the company's industry leadership in the areas of communications and automobiles pcb, and the value of the company's continued investment,
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.