Power shares (002463) Proficiency in the country continues to outperform expectations 19 October 2018
Bulletin: Companies issued performance reports for the first three quarters of 2018, with operating income of $3.849 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 14.02 per cent over the previous three quarters; mother ' s net profit of $383 million, an increase of 136.70 per cent over the same period. Third quarter, income from business of $1,385 million, an increase of 12.70 per cent over the same period; mother ' s net profit of $187 million, an increase over the same period
216.78%, at the upper limit of the forecast, the net profit from deductions was increased by 309.71%.  The production bases performed well and q3 continued to outperform expectations. The company grew 216.78% in the third quarter of the year, and the net profit from deductions from deductions was increased by 309.71% in the same period.
Growth. Three production bases performed excellently: 1) medium- and high-end communication boards are stable at base stations, servers, large customer shares are stable, and the new plant in Kunshan is full of orders; 2) motor panels are in high demand and are fully productive; 3) Yellowstone q2 is profitable and q3 is more profitable.
▪ Production efficiency and product structure are continuously optimized, and profitability is high in the country. The gross interest rate of the company for the third quarter is 25.06%, a significant increase of 6.45 percentage points in the same year. On the one hand, with the relocation of the company’s premises and the completion of the process, capacity utilization and good performance rates have been achieved under automated line testing and management systems.
On the other hand, the company’s market share in high-speed communications and computing continues to grow, and it continues to optimize the structure of motor panel customers and orders, car radar and power management.
The share of value-added product orders has increased, giving up low-end orders to fill production capacity in the previous period. Moreover, due to exchange rate effects, corporate q3 financial costs have decreased by about 21 million on a year-on-year basis, and final net interest rates have increased by 8.68 percentage points to 13.47 per cent, creating a new high.
The net interest rate has been added to the operating indicators of the country’s first-class hardboard plant, and q4 is expected to continue, with 5g and cloud computing, and the telecommunications panel’s head is on the rise.
In the long run, companies continue to contract communication boards and motor panels, benefiting from the construction of 5g base stations and cloud computing, and the company has a strong position in the core equipment vendor supply chain, with stocks of new items such as multi-storey antennas, super-large backboards, etc.; in the area of motor vehicles, electrodynamics and intelligent trends have stimulated the use of pcb
Demand, in collaboration with Schweizer, Germany, has seen a significant increase in the delivery of 24ghz millimetre wave radar boards, and 77ghz is going well. As high multilayers and motor panel capacity expand in the future, it is expected to continue to multiply, based on the company’s expected faster performance growth over the last two years, there is still room for improvement in the 18-year valuation.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board