Improved profitability of the Yellowstone plant to reduce the loss of power, power shares (002463.sz) 5g and car electronics to drive future growth
For the first three quarters of the 18-year quarterly report by Fu Chu Yu, the company achieved revenue of $3.849 billion, compared to 14.02 per cent last year, net profit from the mother was $383 million, compared to 136.7 per cent last year.
Our analysis and judgment is that (i) the point of performance is evident, and the profitability is increasing significantly.
During the first half of the year, it benefited from the quality of orders and the completion of automated modifications, and the company's yellow presentation of this report.
The profit will be reversed; the new company in Kunshan has an optimal customer structure, a higher share of high-ori products, a significant increase in profitability and a significant improvement in the overall profitability of the enabling companies. The company has achieved a 22.81% increase in the previous three quarters, with a 4.22 percentage point increase in the same period, from q2 to q3 Mā.
(ii) 5g and car electronics are driven by two wheels, and future performance increases are assured
Given the company’s high market share in the 4g era, we expect that in the 5g era companies will still be able to obtain a market share and that their performance will increase rapidly with the construction of the 5g base station. Domestic cloud computing is in a period of rapid growth, driving high-speed pcb demand, company president.
The company’s electronic car pcb business is growing rapidly as the electronic penetration of cars rises, and the company reports six months ago that it has moved into a new-source vehicle customer supply system in the United States of America, and has achieved steady supply, which is expected to continue to grow in the future.
The company launched the Yellowstone Automotive Plan, which is expected to be in production by the end of 2019, with no prospect of further growth in performance. The company’s focus on core head clients and on high- and middle-end pcb products is expected to maintain a largely stable Māori rate in the face of increased competition in the industry as a whole.
Corporate performance has improved significantly over the years, with greater elasticity.