Information technology hardware and equipment 3-quarter report: single-quarter profit margins are on top of industry
Events: 3.849 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2018, i.e. +14.02 per cent in the same year; Crop rate & product structure continued to optimize and net interest rates increased significantly: 1.385 billion yuan in operating income for q3, i.e. 12.7 per cent in the same year and 7 per cent in the ring; 186 million yuan in the same year in the net return to the mother
Net profits in the first three quarters were close to the forecast ceiling, mainly because the net interest rate of q3 had risen to industry leadership levels, while capacity utilization had increased and revenue growth had been robust.
The electronics industry -  (002463) reported: The strong are back, the 5g's double track is worth looking forward to -- 2018/08/24.
Impact, the increase in net interest rates of q3 is largely consistent with the Māori rate, and the impact of non-recurrent factors on companies is small (analysed in the context of financial indicators that require attention).
1. Downstream demand is robust: in the first three quarters, demand ends, downstream servers have high multi-story orders, demand has increased by about 10-15%, base station requirements are stable with pcb, motor panels, industrial controls, three-quarter reports: single-quarter profit rates are on top of industry
2. Pre-optimal advantage is exercised by the division of labour and stable operation of the plant lines: companies are themselves high- and medium-end pcb suppliers around the world, following years of multi-layer pcb sales champions on mainland China, technical-power product qualifications are at a leading level and there is a certain advantage in obtaining orders.
Qingshan Qingshan Qingshan factory is mainly made of high-end plating boards, with an increase in capacity utilization to over 90 per cent (go to the Yellowstone plant, which is running on track to receive some of the servers and engineering orders in the former Quanshan plant area, while increasing the price of new orders, using more than 90 per cent of capacity, and starting to make a profit in the third quarter);
The profit margin has increased significantly because of the stable and continuous properties of downstream car board orders, the ability to produce, which is largely full, and a slight increase in the profit margin.
1. Restoring operations to stability: the company ' s pre-plant relocation has ended, production of products is being planned to become more clear and on the ground (slates for high end, car boards for microelectrics, yellowstones for car boards, engineering panels, gradual import of medium-end and high end boards), elimination of internal wear and tear
In the first three quarters, the business environment was stable and sustained. The track itself was good – and the high Māori orders were up: the two main tracks were high, the high profit rate, and the q3 green mills contributed more significantly to the increase in profits, and the car (the price was stable).
High profitability) is a high-quality area in pcb, and the company ' s profit rate has gradually reached industry leadership level with improved capacity utilization, good climbs (mostly more than 90 per cent) and optimized product structure (with the removal of some of the low-end orders previously made to fill capacity): q3
In a single quarter, 25 per cent of the Māori rate and 13.4 per cent of the net interest rate are up by 95 per cent of the pcb enterprises, moving closer to the level of high-quality private-sector enterprises.
Order upgrades, car radars and power management upgrades with pcb orders (77ghz radar pcb products are expected to start delivery by the end of the year), while companies reduce the proportion of low-priced orders from yellowstone plants. Financial indicators requiring attention:
The company completed the equity incentive scheme in the first half of the year, with a total amortization cost of $10.442 million and its revenue) of $6.18 million, with exchange gains and losses of approximately $13 million (gains), of which q3 Li Dots net cash flows from operating activities of $607 million, or +495 per cent, were mainly in the field.
Increase in the same volume of receipts: in addition, cash received during the same period in the previous year decreased owing to the early payment of approximately 130 million goods by a major client in late 2016. $4.81 million in government grants represents deferred income from the construction of the Kunshan plant as a result of the overall relocation
Voltage, capital earmarked for innovation development for the city's transformation and upgrading, and investment in the Yellowstone industry
R & D costs 168 million yuan or + 27 per cent of the same year, the company's investment in a number of servers, base stations, less than 77 per cent of the same year, and the client's use of paper settlements, while construction works were under way at 239 million yuan or + 71 per cent of the same year, representing an increase in the number of new production facilities.
Cash paid for the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets amounted to $251 million, the same as +67 per cent, and was paid for the construction of new production facilities; external sales accounted for about 53 per cent and direct sales to the United States for less than 3 per cent.
Good track, high barriers, high lift space: the company's two main business is a telecommunications board and a car board, a communications business from working with clients to develop, model, authenticate, small batches to large volumes, one to two years, a car board that takes two to three years and even longer, and the company has already made it.
High-quality customers, such as Chinese, Cisco, mainland, a new energy car company in the United States, high procurement volumes, high prices (relative) and high entry barriers. Moreover, companies are one of the best high-speed, multi-story producers in domestic firms, and they're alive.
The top producers of high-frequency microwave plates, with an average product price of $1,500-1800 per square metre higher than most of their internal counterparts, are less competitive in their mid-to-high-end markets. The company’s new plant, Yellowstone, had 500,000-7 million more capacity at the end of 2019, and about 1.5 million more later.
The slab and hdi production capacity have been expanded, with about 2 million square metres of additional capacity or a corresponding income of 5 billion yuan, a high rate of growth from year to year, a high rate of expansion and new business opening up new space, and a new level of expansion and new business opening up new space.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report