The year-round performance is expected to improve significantly, with 5g coming to boost power and power shares publishing three-quarterly reports in 2018. The company's business income of 2018-3q was $3.849 billion, an increase of 14 per cent over the same year, and net profit on maternity and non-mortality was $383 million and $343 million, respectively.
Quick quarterly improvements in business performance were recorded, with a number of indicators reaching a recent high of RMB 3,849 million in operating income for 2018-3q, an increase of 14 per cent over the same period.
Revenues of 1,385 million yuan, a single-quarter increase of 13 per cent, ring growth of 7 per cent, and maintenance of a robust firm with a net return profit of 383 million yuan, at the top of the pre-arranged period, with a sustained improvement in profitability, have greatly exceeded the level of last year's year as a whole, with an increase of 137 per cent.
The q3 company achieved a net return profit of 187 million yuan, rising quarterly and reaching a one-quarter increase of 217 per cent and rising seasonly growth of 48 per cent. The net return gain of 174 million yuan, a rise of 310 per cent and a rise of 57 per cent.
The company’s previous operations were negatively affected by the relocation. The relocation has been completed, and the company’s profitability is gradually recovering.
Significant improvements, with the first single season of q2. The use of high-speed communications and computing in emerging areas such as virtual digital currency, cloud-end computing and artificial intelligence, as well as the consolidation of high-speed pcb industry capacity, are expected to result in a sustained increase in the market share and turnover of companies in high-speed communications and computing.
5g will formally start the network in 2018q4-2019, and companies will have a pre-eminence in the area of pcb in 5g, which will provide a new impetus for performance growth. In the area of medium- and high-end, safe motor panels, supply and demand are stable.
The structure continues to be optimized to stabilize the supply of new American-energy car manufacturers and some of the leading domestic car manufacturers. The 24ghz car high-frequency radar and the new-energy car bms are growing faster with pcb products. The 77ghz car active range radar pcb products are being developed steadily, with 2018q4 expected to deliver in small quantities.
The company’s long-term strategic objective is to enter the world’s automobile board market for the top five. The company has accelerated the transfer of medium-end companies’ communications market boards, non-safe car boards and industrial control boards to the Yellowstone plant.
The company will continue to control costs, improve product competitiveness, and maintain a leading position. The company will seek to build a war with pcb firms that complement markets, products, and technology to achieve integrated economic benefits.
The company's business income of 2018-3q rose by $3.849 billion.
14 per cent of the net profit from maternity and the net profit from non-mortality was 3.83 million yuan, an increase of 137 per cent in the same year, and II. Business performance improved rapidly on a seasonal basis, with several indicators reaching a recent high of $3.849 billion in operating income from 2018-3q, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year. 2018q3 achieved business income of 13.85 per cent.
Billion dollars, a new high in the single quarter, grew by 13% over the same period, and the ring by 7% over the same period, maintaining a steady growth rate. 2018-3q’s net return profit of 383 million yuan, close to the top of the pre-arranged zone, continued to improve, significantly exceeding last year’s level of 137% over the same year.
The 2018q3 company achieved a net return profit of 187 million yuan, rising quarterly and reaching a one-quarter increase of 217 per cent over the same period, increasing seasonally by 48 per cent over the same period. Realization of the non-returned net profit of 174 million yuan, an increase of 310 per cent over the same year.
The company’s previous operations were negatively affected by the relocation. The relocation has been completed, and the company’s profitability is gradually being restored. The Qingjiang plant, and the Qui Wei Wei Wei have been able to keep up with good growth. Yellowstone has improved significantly, with the first single season of q2. High-speed communications and computing applications in new and emerging areas such as virtual digital currency, cloud-end computing and artificial intelligence.
The market share and turnover of companies in high-speed communication and computing is growing steadily, with a broad range of high-speed, high-speed pcb sector capacity consolidation. It is expected that 5g will officially begin to build a network between 2018q4 and 2019, and that companies will have an early edge in the 5g pcb field, which will bring new impetus to performance growth.
The company’s fleet business continues to grow and its product structure improves, stabilizing its supply to the US New Energy Motors and some of its leading domestic car manufacturers. The 24ghz Motor HF radars and the new energy car bms are growing faster with pcb products. The 77ghz Automobiles are actively measuring the range of radar pcb products.
The company’s long-term strategic goal is to enter the world’s top five automobile board markets. The company has accelerated the transfer of medium-end companies’ communications market boards, non-safe car boards, and industrial control boards to the Yellowstone plant.
Companies will continue to control costs, improve product competitiveness, and maintain a leading position. Companies will seek to complement markets, products, and technology to create strategic partnerships with pcb firms that achieve integrated economic benefits.
1, 5g, electronic applications of automobiles are less than expected; 2, pcb, excess capacity, risk of price decline; 3, Wang Fenghua, Master's degree at the Chinese People's University, who is currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.