Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research Group (00033ch)
A diverse mix of products and efficient employee incentives outline. A beautiful mix of excellent and diverse products, with considerable status and strength in small household electricity. Incentives to benefit from their efficiency and accessibility, both in terms of innovation products and production capacity, are counterproductive.
It's now valued at 15 times the value of the city Hu Yongxi, with an excellent and diverse product mix, and a remarkable place and advantage for small household electricity. We think it's beautiful.
The product mix is the best in many competing hands because: 1) its product diversity (as compared to gravity), which will effectively reduce the negative impact of potential price wars and sharp declines in demand for certain types of products, and 2) its leading edge in small household electricity (as compared to Heilqing Island), which may be the company ' s long-term edge.
There is plenty of room for development, because it still ranks second in air-conditioning and clothing buildings. And third in refrigerators.
Air conditioners, washing machines, refrigerators, water heaters, etc. are still in second or third place. This actually means that there's a lot of room for growth. And, in fact, the beauty does have a record of performance growth in far-off industries, such as refrigerators, which were third in 2018, with a market share of 11%, but only in 2013.
It's number 6, with a market share of only 7%. The company's air-conditioning products increased impressively in the first quarter of 191 and benefited from the launch of a powerful new product series, while the industry's sales fell over the same period, with some efficient incentive schemes to ensure quality growth. The company's stock options and various stock incentives are already in place.
More than 1,500 top managers from the US have been distributed, and appropriate financial targets have been set. We are confident that this will release their motivation and guarantee the quality of their missions.
We believe that the growth in the completed area of construction will be separated from the increase in the area of sale and will result in an increase in household electricity sales of 0%/5s per cent in 19/ 20 years. The price is only 1.1 times. We believe that such a premium is reasonable because 1) the industry leads the market.
Shares and brand values, and 2) continued faster than industry growth and 3) sales of small household electricity.
A vote on the Internet, a vote on your trust in the Silver International Research Team: Figure 4: The impact of home-based telephonic subsidies on demand.
%oftoralconstructiongfa newstart gfacompleted, as %oftoralgfasold
Data source: Bloomberg and Silver International Certificate Forecasts