Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research Group (00033ch)
Sales grew conservatively in the second half of the year, but the profit rate rose in the second half of the year, and the market share of the United States increased significantly, largely as a result of its technological breakthrough and multi-brand strategy for air-conditioning products. With improved prices of raw materials and a decline in the renminbi, our net profits grew in the second half of the year.
The market surplus was 16 times (previously 18 times the 19th fiscal year), corresponding to 1.1 times the peg. Hu Yongque, in line with the international forecast for silver, was 2% higher than Bloomberg expected.
The net profit is largely supported by strong Māori growth, which rose by 2.3 percentage points in the first half of 2019, with aluminium, steel falling by 6 per cent, steel by 5 per cent and steel by 8 per cent, while the beauty benefits more from this factor than the industry; 2) good exchange rate exports (5 per cent decline since the beginning of the year); and 3)
American multi-brand strategy (high-end positioning colmo launched in October 2018, Midapro series launched in March 2019, Internet brands Bugu/Buugou, and Wahin/Holla brand for young groups launched in 2019. However, due to higher advertising promotion and R & D costs, net interest rates
The ratio increased by only 0.8 percentage points to 9.9 per cent, with good results achieved in the first half of 2019 (especially air conditioning). Despite a decline of about 4 per cent in the overall air-conditioning sector, US air-conditioning sales increased by about 12 per cent in the first half of the year (underline/online market share increased to 27 per cent per year).
More products with “windless” technology were introduced, and the product was awarded the 2019 aplán prize. Laundry machines/ Refrigerators/small household appliances recorded an increase of about 6/10%/low-digit sales in the first half of the year.
Expressing that the increase in the sale of air conditioners in July/August 2019 has slowed to about 10%. However, given the continued weakening of raw materials prices and the fact that the current inventory of pipelines is about 5-6 million items (the industry as a whole 20-30 million items) is healthy, we believe that the profitability of air conditioners should continue to increase.
Moreover, we see potential for a rise in the Māori rate of export operations, as the renminbi has further depreciated against the United States dollar in the second half of 2019. Kuka’s sales in the first half of the year fell short of expectations, but management believes that both sales and pre-tax profits will improve in the second half of the year.
Net profit for fiscal year 19/20/21 increased by 1.9 per cent 1.1 per cent/0.2 per cent to reflect: 1) Increased sales of air conditioners, Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers Data source: Bloomberg and Silver International Certificate Forecast
Data source: Company and Silver International Certificate Forecast