Shinjiyama, the company's traditional business leaders are stable and the net profit performance is beyond expectations.
The net profit from business activity increased by 47.8%. Overall, the net profit growth of companies was much higher than income growth and higher than expected.
\triangleright Air Conditioning Products increased significantly in total channel share, with 29.5% market share achieved on line
First, the market share is 27.2% below the line. 26.9% below the washing machine line, 31.1% above the line, all in second place. 11.9% below the refrigerator line, 17% above the line, and second place. The market share of small household electricity is the first.
In terms of revenue performance, HAC generated $71,439 million, an increase of 11.84 per cent over the same period, and Māori companies responded to market trends by actively integrating online access.
In the 1st and 2nd levels, ka channels dominate; in the 3rd and 4th tiers, traditional channels such as flagship shops, specialty stores, and new and emerging channels are used to open the market. Companies are now the largest sellers of the entire Chinese electricity grid.
The company sold more than $32 billion online, an increase of more than 30 per cent in the same year, and maintained its position in the primary sector of the household full product. In addition, the company implemented flattened channels, cfa.
The firm’s stock turnover has increased slightly, from 3.91 to 4.03 during the same period last year.
Corporations combine global R & D resources and have strong R & D capabilities. The company's R & D investment is increasing year by year, 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, close to 10 billion yuan in 18 years alone, and has been established in nine countries, including China.
7th floor of Central China International Center, 28 S.A., west town of Beijing. 5,719 patents, 7,068 patents, January-June 19 in the United States of America.
At present, the cumulative patent claims of the United States exceed 100,000, and the authorized maintenance amounts exceed 52,000. Multilevel R & D systems and global layouts are companies.
Market demand is slowing, intellectual platforms are developing slowly, and trade friction between China and the United States is escalating. Industry attitudes, and the present report is presented independently and objectively.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.