High-quality built-in growth in consumer durables and clothing, optimized brand matrix + channels for robust development Events: America’s group recently released its mid-2019 report and achieved gross operating income in the first half of the year
In the first half of the year, the company earned $71,439 million in heating and air conditioning, an increase of 11.84 per cent, and Māori.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is a significant leader in the industry. Consumer revenue from appliances is 58,351 million, an increase of 5.56 per cent over the same year, and the share of retail sales of company multi-grade household electricity is the top two.
Robots and automated systems generated $12.24 billion, a decline of 3.83 per cent. Internal and external sales generated $6.2106 billion, an increase of 6.04 per cent, while external sales were partly burdened by the Kuka overseas market and benefited from improved Maori rates at the expense of the cost. Corporate gross sales increased markedly in the first half of the year.
The rate of interest is 29.48%, an increase of 2.32 pct over the same year.
The brand colmo, which integrates the ai core technology into the production of smart home appliances and better services to high-end consumers, launched the Internet brand bugu in 2019, based on the Internet operating model, and the full process of products from conceptual creativity, industrial design, development design to internal and public monitoring.
In addition, at the beginning of 2019, Hualing returned with a rejuvenation of the new brand image, targeting the young market, specializing in electricity, expanding the product from the original air conditioners, refrigerators to kitchen appliances, water heaters, etc. The beautiful brand matrix meets different market demands, adding up efficient operations.
Active embrace of channel flattened reforms and significant efficiency gains under the t+3 model. The first half of the year was 44.61, a 1.45-day drop in stock turnover compared to the previous half, benefiting from a change in the stock turnover rate.
Industry averages. t+3 speed of corporate response, better than industry for cost-side improvements, while flatening distribution channels saves industrial chain resources, lowers the cost of product flow processes, and ends are reflected in lower prices for products and boosts the beauty of products.
iii. The New Deal for Households and Electricity helps the industry to take a lead on the head, and the New Deal for Old and New Households is expected to boost the demand for renewal.
Looking to increase the penetration of smart household power and energy-efficient products. Meanwhile, the New Deal is expected to encourage investment in research and development of energy-efficient products, and to facilitate large-scale commercial applications of smart household and property-networked technologies in the home-based electricity industry.
Taking into account the company's industry position, the power of the industry chain and the logic of future growth, I, the industry's low profile, the cost of raw materials, etc. Profit projections and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report