The company review report, the electricity industry, Monday, 2019.
The American group’s semi-annual report of 2019 showed that companies had achieved gross profits of $15,433.3 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 7.37 per cent, and a net return of $15,187 million.
□ Business cash is more profitable and more profitable. The Māori sales rate for companies is 29.48%, an increase of 2.32 ptt compared to the previous year. At the beginning of the year, the company actively adjusted its strategy to capture market share gains by lowering prices for some of its products, adding high-end products and lower raw material costs, and structural adjustments kept the Māori prices of companies from falling.
Cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services on a quarterly basis increased by 40.76 per cent over the same period, which may be linked to the company ' s business strategy, with the US q1 increasing by 13.61 per cent over the same year, as measured by the industry ' s online sales volume, and q2 increasing by 30.18 per cent over the same year.
□ Air-conditioning revenues are still high, and there are other types of products that are evaporating. At the beginning of the year, the market was more pessimistic about household power, especially the air-conditioning category, due to the effects of the downside of the macroeconomics and the poor landscape of the production, and the market has been developing in recent years, on the basis of the power suppliers, the “New Intruder” Ox, the “Internet Air-Conditioning” mills, etc.
In the first half of the year, 52.84 million were sold in air conditioners, a slight increase of 0.17 per cent compared to 13.2 million sold in the United States, an increase of 22.82 per cent compared to 22.82 per cent in sales.
In 2019, h1 rose the market share below the air-conditioning line by 2.2 pct to 27.2%, and the market share on the line by 6.2 pct to 29.5% was ranked first. The market share of air-conditioning goods increased by the same amount as in other products.
26.9 per cent (+0.9 pct, second place), refrigerator 11.9 per cent (+0.9 pct, second place), microwave 44.3 per cent (+1.3 pct, second place), rice utensils 44 per cent (+1 pct, first place), appliances 38.8 per cent (1.8 pct, first place), pressure cookers 45.9 per cent (1.9 pct, first place),
Oil smokers 8.4 per cent (+0.4 pct, fourth); only water purification machines and heaters slightly decreased; online market, 31.1 per cent (0.1 pct, second), refrigerators 17 per cent (+0.6 pct, second), electric water heaters 33.4 per cent (+1 pct, first), oil smokers 16.7 per cent (+2.6 pct, row)
In first place, 25% (+1pct, ranked first), 16.4% (2.3pct, ranked first), 44.7% (1.5pct, ranked first) of the electromagnetic stoves, while microwaves, cookers, electric pressure cookers, fans, gas stoves slightly decreased.
Income grew by 5.56% over the year, accounting for 37.81% of the revenue, a slight decrease of 1.53 pct from 2018. By comparison, income from robotics fell by 3.83% over the year, but the decline was somewhat narrower than last year.
Market competitiveness of class products, product high-end growth, Māori rate of various groups, air conditioning rate of 32.08% □ keeping a “recommended” rating for medium- and long-term company development. At the financial level, Māori rates, which have been low for overseas M&As, have been improving continuously, with annual Māori rates increasing over time.
The annual rate of turnover of accounts receivable has remained at around 14, with a constant level of net cash flow/business income generated through camp activities, reflecting the company’s stronger downstream voice and a strong cash position; at the product level, America’s conglomerates act as a conglomerates.
The strong are always strong, the market share of the various products is strong and competitive, and the power sector is moving towards the future of intelligence, and the company's own full product development, good branding, provides a solid foundation for its intellectual home construction; at the business development level, whether it is to deal with weak marketing in the power industry.
The strategy, or the three main strategies of the company – product leadership, efficiency drive, global operations – is that the United States group always improves its competitiveness by changing, from inside to outside. Moreover, the power industry, with its capacity to compete, needs to have a good management to deal with the market identifiers responsible for volatility.
To the best corporate governance mechanisms and effective incentives of the United States group, the team of good executives is one of its core competitiveness. Thus, we still look forward to the middle- and long-term points of the beautiful group. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.