High performance, new battery technology and vertical integration time-limited Tonway shares (600438) 2022 and 2023q1 performance ratings plus 217.25 per cent.
Research assistant: Sujibing plus 65.59%, with high demand downstream this first quarter, the company's performance has increased significantly, silicon production has increased significantly, and overall costs have been optimized continuously.
Tens of tons, an increase of 138.41 per cent over the same year, a decrease of 2.7 per cent, 10.7 per cent and 72 per cent in silicon consumption and a further improvement in product quality, with single crystal rate remaining stable at 99 per cent and long-term stable supply to the main N-type downstream customers, with the same annual supply of N-types.
The company now produces more than 260,000 tons, and plans for 2024-2026 high-purity crystal silicon, which will reach 800,000 to 1 million tons, and will continue to optimize overall costs in the future as the capacity rises. Battery technology is multi-pointed and continuously expanded, and vertically reinforced integrated.
The capacity has exceeded 70gw and is planned to reach 130-150gw in 2024-2026. The company is fully rolling out the tnc battery product, and the 9gwtnc battery project is now fully operational, with an average conversion efficiency of 25.5%. The company's 16gwtnc battery project is projected to be 2023.
In the second half of the year, the company's tnc battery capacity will reach 25gw.
Technologies such as thorium ore/silicon stack batteries, in which the silicon ore/silicon stack laboratory was put into operation in 2022, with a third-party certification efficiency of 27.19 per cent for the small-sized ore/silicon ore layer cell laboratory; for components, the capacity of the company ' s components reached 14gw in 2022 and is expected to reach 80gw by the end of 2023.
The division has a leading edge in silicon and battery, and it moves ahead with components, and it can be vertically integrated. Investment advice: the company is the leader in the multi-crystal silicon and battery industries, rapidly expanding the production capacity of the components, deep-down vertically integrated layouts, sustaining the consolidation of the industry as a leader, and growing in the future.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.