Photovoltaic silicon production capacity is steadily released, scale, cost, and quality industry leads: reporting period. The company ' s high-purity crystal silicon capacity continues to operate steadily, reaching a high-purity silicon sales of 25,68 million tons year-round, an increase of 138,41%. Global light end.
The demand for end-loading is over-expected, high-purity crystalline silicon products are in short supply, prices are rising and high on a year-on-year basis, companies are high-purity crystal silicon is historically profitable, and so far companies have recovered the cost of all investment in productive capacity.
The volume has increased further, with single crystallization rates remaining stable at more than 99%, long-term stable supply to major downstream N-type customers, and a year-on-year increase in supply of N-types. New technology for batteries is progressing well, and tnc battery production continues to expand.
On the other hand, based on the first large-sized pecvdpoly technology line in an autonomously developed industry, the company fully rolled out the tnc battery product and, at the end of November 2022, launched the 9gwtnc battery project in Myeyama, which is now fully operational, with an average conversion efficiency of 25.5 per cent of the product, and is expected to increase the conversion efficiency if technologies such as se are added.
In the second half of the year, the company's tnc battery capacity will reach 25gw. On the hjt technology route, the company has completed a two-faced development of nanocrystal technology with a component power exceeding 720w (210 dimensions and 66 pieces), Zhang Wenchen
The first 210-and-a-half pieces of copper in the industry have been set up for full-scale development of equipment, processes and materials. The wire is currently reduced to less than 15 μm, with efficiency gains of more than 0.2 per cent over the printing process.
During the reporting period, the company used three months to achieve the "8gw light-for-intellectuals technology modification project" product, which is expected to produce 80 gw.
The core production indicators, such as good corporate output, single-line output, are industry leaders.
The Division has entered into strategic cooperation with overseas distributors and customers, such as China Mechanical Import and Export (Group) Ltd., corabs.a, pvoinnational, emergy 3000 solargmbh, to achieve a rapid distribution of overseas market channels.
According to the company's components have reached the top ten in the world. In order to guarantee the product quality of the components, the cost is best, the shares are reported: silicon is kept high, and the component operations are up to date with the company's 25gw, 16gw and 25gw components in Salt City.
In line with the project’s investment plan, it is expected that by the end of 2023, 80gw will be the capacity of the company’s components. The completion of the new project will strongly support the globalization of the company’s component business and provide a stable, high-quality luminous component production for downstream customers.
Investment proposals: The company, as a leading company for photovoltaic silicon and battery tablets, has fast-tracked its component operations, competitive advantages are evident, and the fisheries have been synergized for the future. The company is expected to return its net profit in 2023-2025, respectively.