The company's 2022 and 20231 quarterly reports, and the company's operating income in 2022.
The company’s silicon and battery film operations are strong and continue to be industry-led. \triangleright 4) silicon: the company’s silicon production capacity reached 260,000 tons in 2022, resulting in sales of 250.6 million
Tons, an increase of 138.41 per cent over the same year, and the share of domestic municipalities over 30 per cent. The sales of silicon from 2023q1 are close to 80,000 tons, and the production of 120,000 tons of silicon from 2023q3 is expected to be completed, with production patterns reaching 380,000 tons, maintaining their leadership status.
In 2022, the company launched its first large-sized pecvdpoly technology line based on successful autonomous R & D, and launched the 9gwtopcon Battery Project at the end of November 2022.
It is now fully operational, with an average conversion efficiency of 25.5 per cent for products and 25.7 per cent for technologies such as S-plus. The company also launched the 16gwtopcon Battery Project in Punsan at the end of the year, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2023, at which time the company's TOPcon battery capacity will be available.
To reach 25gw, the total battery tablet capacity is expected to reach 80-100gw by the end of 2023. Cost control industry continues to lead, and unit investment costs continue to decline.
Silicon consumption per unit, combined electricity consumption, steam consumption decreased by 2.7 per cent, 10.7 per cent, 72 per cent. Product quality increased further, with single crystallization rates remaining stable at over 99 per cent, long-term stable supply to the main N-type customers downstream, with a significant increase in the same volume of N-type supplies throughout the year.
On the other hand, the company's investment costs for the two future 200,000-ton projects have been reduced to $500 million per ton, continuing to lead the industry, according to the fixed increase scenario; in addition, the new project will use the “8th Generation Equivalence” technique, with a larger single body, lower unit investment, better process and a higher level of intelligence.
7.94gw sale of components throughout the year 2022 since the announcement of the military component operation in \triangleright in January, compared to Sindha Securities Inc.
Growth of 226.06% and entry to top 10 worldwide sales. With the launch of projects such as Salt City, Golden Hall, Nanton and others, the ltd project is expected to produce 80gw components by the end of 2023.
Since the announcement of a large-scale layout component operation, the company has accumulated a photovoltage component project, near 14.38 gw, 2023 q1, for the sale of 3 gw and multiple orders at sea and abroad.
Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand, risk of future volatility of silicon prices, changes in the macro-environment, \triangleright
Publicity No.: New Vision for Electricity, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry, and in the photovoltaic industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindam voucher research centre in 2022 for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry. Sun Sun, a team member, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
Chen Jie, a member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. Part of the study is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.