First-year premiums are increasing and investment performance is excellent: Xinhua Insurance published in the first quarter of 2021, generating operating income of $81.37 billion, compared to Xinhua Insurance (601336)
The net profit is the result of an increase in investment returns. Xinhua Insurance is operating in the first quarter of the year.
+36.0%, driven mainly by a significant increase in corporate investment earnings during the first quarter. The first year at a high base is a positive increase.
The Jundining channel achieved a total premium of +13.7 per cent, with a new insurance policy of +9.9 per cent and a new total of +9.9 per cent, which was driven by a rush period, with a silver cover of +78 per cent and a new silver policy of +7.8 per cent.
Investment proposal: Under last year’s high base, the company’s first annual roll-out in the first quarter has continued to grow. Despite the pressure on the new policy premium since March, considering the company’s focus on increasing its capacity in the second quarter, the company’s policy has been growing.
Risk factors: less than expected growth of agents; less than expected structural transformation; sharp decline in investment returns due to large volatility in the capital market; lower interest rates will shrink fixed rate instruments
The profit margin, which affects accounting profits, is Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
Figure 2: Gross rate of return on investment, Wang Ji Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Duren, Beijing.
General Manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio, and in China-China-China Securities. In November 2019, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-monetary financial research.
In April 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the non-banking financial sector, and in 2019 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which graduated from the University of Boston, United States of America, with a Master's degree in finance.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.