The third quarter of 2025: 24.29 billion won by 2025 q1-q3
(a) The first three quarters have seen a 13.5 per cent increase in the net return profit rate of companies to their mothers, a significant increase in 2.3 pct over the previous three quarters, benefiting mainly from an increase in the Māori rate and a decrease in the cost of sales. The company ' s combined Māori rate for the first three quarters was 28.1 per cent, an increase of 0.4 pct over the same period.
The scale effect continues to be reflected in the sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates for the first three quarters, respectively.
11,243 thousand vehicles and 1,228 million vehicles, representing an increase of 35.2 per cent and 34.9 per cent, respectively, respectively, and against the backdrop of the slowdown in North America’s large clients, Lewis, the firm’s orders from domestic and foreign car companies, such as general, small rice and scavengers, are growing rapidly.
Land-based thinking has been effective in bridging the gap and increasing client diversity. (2) The first three quarters have seen robust growth in the refrigeration sector, with high growth in commercial refrigeration, microchannels, etc., and companies actively expanding their data.
Focusing on robotic business development: Simulators are in the initial stages of operation, but industrial technology is growing rapidly. The company has taken the initiative to set up a robotics department, a synthesizing wave deceleration, and an empty-heart cup.
In the field of robotic parts, such as electric machines, the full range of product development, testing, iteratives, and delivery models, with high client ratings, is expected to become the company’s third-growth curve in the future. The company’s plant construction in Thailand is expected to provide the basis for overseas production of robotic parts and components and consolidate the company’s presence at large.
Centrality and pre-emptive advantage in the supply chain of the ball. November 07, 2025.
There's a strong competitive edge in the industry, and the new business is a market hot spot 2.
The rapid growth of orders from domestic and foreign firms, such as the curve _2025721 running, effectively fills the gap and the diversity of clients rises. (2) During the last three quarters, the refrigeration industry grew robustly, with commercial refrigeration, microchannels, etc., growing at a high rate, and companies actively expanding the liquid cooling board of the data centre.
Actively expand the new business of imitating robotics and data centre liquid colds: 1) Simulators are in the initial stages of operation, but industrial technology is growing rapidly.
The full range of product development, testing, duplication, delivery of samples is highly valued by clients and is expected to become the company ' s third growth curve in the future. (2) Three flowers have advantages in the field of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and heat management and are competitive in the liquid cold market at the data centre. (ii) The company ' s main financial position
Profitability continues to improve: in the first three quarters, the net profit on corporate returns was 13.5 per cent, with an increase of 2.3 pct over the previous three quarters, with a marked increase, mainly benefiting from an increase in the Māori rate and a decrease in the cost of sales. In the first three quarters, the combined Māori rate was 28.1 per cent, an increase of 0.4 pct over the same period.) At the end, the cost of the company ' s sales costs and management costs were strictly regulated and the scale effects were continuously reflected, with the sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates of the previous three quarters.
Figure 5 Quarterly gross corporate income and figure 6 Quarterly net profits of companies and risks of State supplementation of demand downstream of yoy; risks of new business technology being less developed than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor is it an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments accurate or complete. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report or that they may be issued in a manner inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.