Performance of q3 meets expectations, robotic implementer operations progress rapidly Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) % 2025q3 performance meets expectations and profitability remains robust
The 25-year q3 Mäori rate is stable and the R & D cost ratio has slightly increased. 25-year q3 sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates have increased R & D investment in new operations such as robotics.
• Robot power and automobile owners are sound and human robotic implementers are making positive progress 1) Household refrigeration operations: companies actively adjust market strategies to secure large customers, seize high growth opportunities by strengthening overseas market layouts, sharpen technological frontiers and broaden the application landscape of core products;
Maintenance of air conditioners with electronic expansion valves, near-exclusive approximation status of electromagnetic valves, etc., to increase the dominance of product markets and promote the marketing of iterative products.) Zero steam business: In the first half of 2025, companies followed an annual practice of fine tillage, pushing forward.
In-house downscaling efficiency gains, management effectiveness through organizational optimization, fine-arming, fine-farming, consensus-building at client distress points and product sales points, strategizing of spare parts and process equipment, etc. Development of product strength, softness, intelligentization of pole lines, enhancement of self-research capabilities, and advancement of intelligence in numbers and ai
Application of new tools such as build-up, active application of digital employees, ai, etc., and efficiency enhancement. 3) Human robotic implementer business: in the first half of 2025, companies focused on technology improvements for multiple key model products and collaborated with clients in the development, testing, iterative, and delivery of a full range of products.
A high level of client appreciation and a series of innovations around existing products have been achieved, leading companies globally in the field of new energy car heat management, promising robotics business, 1.
We expect to be the second growth curve for the company, and we expect a net return profit of 25/26/27 to be 2.
The zero industry has grown less than expected, industry competition has increased, shipping freight costs have fluctuated significantly, prices of raw materials have fluctuated significantly, and geopolitical risks have emerged.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.