The three quarters of 2025 saw a high net profit growth and a significant reduction in efficiency gains, with a 17 per cent increase in business income from the same year for the zero and cooling operations.
2025q1-q3 achieved business income of 24.3 billion yuan, a 16.9 per cent increase in the same year, and a net return on the purchase order. 2) Refrigeration and AC Electric Industries actively adjusted market strategies to secure large customers, seized high growth opportunities while promoting efficiency gains and steadily increasing market share.
Many heat-management products are the world’s number one, driving the global layout. Corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, car electron expansion valves, etc.
New energy car heat management is the world’s leading market for integrated component products. In 2024, the global landscape was globalized. 1) Refrigeration operations: using multi-point bases such as Vietnam, Mexico, Thailand to respond positively to tariff challenges. 2) Steam zero operations: sustaining Mexico, Polish factories, and the country’s central mountains, Shen.
Focus on technological improvements and new growth points for robotic products. In robotics, focus on technology improvements for multiple key models, and work with clients to develop and develop a full range of products.
Testing, overlaying, sending samples, obtaining high ratings from clients, and producing a series of innovations around existing products, "The net profit of the first half of the second half of the year (00205.sz) rose faster, the machine " . In January 2024, the company signed the " Investment Association for the Project of the Centre for the Future " .
"Small increase in net profits, robot zero proposals, 2024 " , with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, projects including 1) first step by a company-owned subsidiary, "Smallfield net profits (0020550.sz) - third-quarter increases in net profits, focus on robots.
The company continues to enhance the layout of its operations in the field of imitation robots, and is expected to increase the Māori rate by focusing on new growth points in robots.
Investment proposal: to raise profit projections and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Consider downstream client sales to achieve business income of $24.3 billion, an increase of 16.9 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $3.24 billion, an increase of the same value.
40.9 per cent long, net profit from non-repatriation of RMB 3.08 billion, an increase of 37.2 per cent in the same year, the Division for the Realization of Company No. 20253 has been active in adjusting market strategies, stabilizing large clients and seizing high growth opportunities by strengthening the external market layout, while promoting efficiency gains and steadily increasing market shares.
Reductions, mainly as a result of positive corporate push to mitigate efficiency gains. Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and increase (billions, per cent) Figure 4: Single-quarter return of net corporate profit and increase (billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%)
Refrigeration AC parts and components remain the global leader. Currently, the market for products such as corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadrupling valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's largest.
The company is now the world’s largest in the use of electro-inflated valves, new energy sources, and integrated component products in car heat management. New-energy car sales are increasing, and the zero-gas business is expected to go with mainstream new-energy car customers.
Integrated heat management operations, with the addition of three heat management circuits to the heat management system for new energy vehicles, the addition of components such as cooling boards, pool coolers, electric pumps, electronic expansion valves, and the introduction of a new heat management system for heat pump air conditioning, which has been increased from around $2,000 to about $6,000 in value relative to the traditional fuel heat management system
A two-fold upgrade, the company's active layout component integration and heat management system programme, the upgrading from “mechanical component development” to “system control technological solutions for integrated sub-control”, the upgrading of product-based expansion and consolidation technology, and the further upgrading of the company's thermal tubes and the value of the product vehicle.
The company has now become Volvo, Gilly, Fareo, Mahler, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota, General, 100 million yuan, an increase of 17.1 per cent over the same period, representing 92 per cent of the revenue from the automobile spare parts business, and is expected to benefit fully from the high growth in the new energy source automobile industry.
The company has many years of business abroad. The company has many years of business abroad. It has its own companies in the United States, Europe, Japan, and India.
Two Sun Corporations were established in Michigan and Mexico, and in June 2017, the Txv production line was inaugurated by the Triumph Zero Mexican Company, which was positioned in the assembly of the swelling valves and produced in 2017 and designed to produce 1.5 million annual capacity to meet the supply needs of the local Maale Group, the Fareo Group, Air Condition International, the General Group, etc.
In October 2022, the second phase of the Mexican Industrial Park was officially launched. India’s triflowers were positioned for local assembly and sale at the three-flash zero-growth valve, reaching production in 2014, with a design capacity of 500,000. Japan’s triflowers were created in 2008 to deal mainly with sales and technical support for customers in Japan and South-East Asia.
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Minsu Motor Technology Research and Development Ltd. in April 2022 for the joint construction of a plant in Poland (51% of the stockholdings), one of which was mainly for the development of water coolers, the first of which was now offline in May 2023.
2024 Globalization of refrigeration operations: companies continue to scale up their global manufacturing, R & D layout and workforce development using multi-point base layouts, actively addressing tariff challenges and increasing the availability of local uniforms for global customers 2024 Globalization of auto parts and components: sustainable deployment of Mexico, Polish factories, and Mt.
The construction of factories in Shenyang, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Shao Heng Bay and the new production and distribution of energy to implement the global supply map, based on company hand orders up to 30 September 2023, battery and electronic heat management products, electric powered heat pipes, cabin heat management products, whole-car heat management products and micro-channel heat exchangers are expected to produce in 2027.
It will amount to 9,924.11 million units/year, 2,677.2 million units/year, 8,583.5 million units/year, 22,889.97 million sets of counterpart products in Table 1: gdr, as well as technological improvements around hand orders (as of 30 September 2023) for multi-robot-related products, resulting in overall product upgrading.
With artificial intelligence and imitation of robotics moving into fast lanes, the future will change the way of human life, reshape the global economic architecture, and the era of co-habitation of humans and machines is accelerating. With robotics, companies focus on a number of key models for technological improvements, working with clients to develop a full range of products, test them, duplicate them, model them, and catch them.
A high level of client appreciation and a series of innovations around existing products have resulted in a product-powered integrator robotic executors that are more similar to the core processes of the company's electronic pump-type products, including pressurization, emulation, mechanical processing, welding, surface treatment, electrical circuits, pcba stickers, assembly, etc., which are used by companies to heat the pumps,
Valves, heat exchangers are based on continuous R & D expansion and, as of 2024, the company has been authorized 4252 domestic and foreign patents, of which 2,261 have been granted patents, and now the company has accumulated technologies that are similar to pump valves and can be applied to robotic machine applicators products.
In the area of industrial cooperation, Sanhua signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Green Suzhou Harmonious Technology Co. Ltd., which will co-finance a joint venture at Sanhua Mexican Industrial Park, the main business of the joint venture, for the purpose of synergizing the engine and strengthening cooperation in the robotic industrial chain.
With regard to storage, the company focuses on its main clients, closely follows developments in the technology development of the storage system and keeps track of market opportunities for the storage and thermal management of spare parts.
On 4 January 2024, the company and its controlling subsidiary, Hangzhou Pioneer Electronics Ltd. (the 3x4% shareholding ratio) signed a letter of agreement on investment in the project of the 3x7 Centre for the Future Industry (CIF) with the Hangzhou Council for the Management of the New District of Chandang, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion. The projects include:
1. The Advanced Electronic Intelligent Change frequency controller project, which is intended to invest in the construction of the Advanced Intelligent Change frequency controller production base in the Pond area, has a total planned investment of at least $1.2 billion.
The three-way robotic server executives project, the thermal management domain controller project The company intends to invest in the construction of robotic power executives and domain controllers in the cash pond area (with the aim of providing integration for customers The layout above facilitates the solution of systems control technologies from the “mechanical department development” to the “electronic control integration”
The investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author