In 2025, the three-quarterly report was released on 30 October 2025. In 2025, the net profit from non-repatriation was $1,073 million (+48.80 per cent), and the end of the performance was bright or benefited from the product.
In terms of sub-operations, m11 companies have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the industry's leader, Haile thinker, for in-depth cooperation on “Collaborative research and development, joint laboratories, exploration of new and emerging areas” and on automobile parts and components.
q3 Core offshore customer demand warms or pulls up: in strategic and emerging business, corporate robotics, business plates are moving steadily, a robotics department has been set up, overseas production bases are expected to optimize the supply chain layout, and we appreciate the high growth of robotic operations under the industry.
Investment proposals: At the industry level, the global heat management market demand continues to thrive, clean carbon reductions and China's "doubt carbon" environment, energy efficiency upgrades or growth points in the refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts sector, downstream < < < triflower smart control: higher performance of 2025q2 meets expectations
Energy cars grow or drive upstream demand for auto parts and components. At the corporate end, the global heat management pole, front period. Strategic business expansion period >--2025-09 - New growth poles such as visual simulation robots, deepening global production and revenue performance in the future.
<3x3 wise control: 2024q4 perform well, strong, zero business keeps growing in double digits > - <3x3 wise control: 2024q1 non-net profit in double digits
Growth, 2023, with a zero-breath surge -- Research Assistant: KIM Yong-yeon, 3x5 q3 with a strong performance, robotics with a positive layout
3x25q3 High Performance, Robotic Operations Active Layout, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st Floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make an investment decision on their own.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.