High share of red, oil price uptake and sales company ipo China petrochemicals (600028.sh) as a catalyst - Chinese petrochemicals - annual report, 2016
Chu Xiaofeng, 43.8% more than the previous year; it's 0.383 dollars per share. In addition, the company revealed that Jo Nandi was in 2017.
Performance forecasts indicate a projected net gain of about 150 per cent over the same period, owing to a significant increase in international oil prices in the first quarter of the year, with a reduction in upstream margins; stable demand in the market for lower-middle- and downstream products, a return in profitability (i) a marked increase in profit, a high share of red, and a significant investment value
(ii) Exploration and exploitation operations: corporate development concerns in crude oil reserves (iii) refining operations: market-oriented, profitable (iv) marketing and distribution operations: increased profitability and good emerging business development
(v) Chemical industry operations: higher product prices in the second half of the year and a recovery in profitability (vi) outlook for the future: recovery of oil prices upwards, increased investment in refining to enhance core competitiveness.
The company's current pb is only 1.01 times higher, and as the price of international crude oil warms, the company's performance is expected to move further upwards, and the sales company's chances in Hong Kong's ipo during the year are high.
China ' s petrochemical (600028) oil prices have fallen, refining has improved, and China ' s petrochemical (600028) oil prices have been re-drawn into the oil prices that have led to large refining.
(i) The return in profit from the fall in stock price 20151030 (i) was significant, with a high share of red, and a significant investment value
43.8 per cent, yielding 0.383 yuan per share. In 2016, world economic recovery was weak, oil prices were kept low and the price of oil was rising, China was growing steadily, and, in the face of a complex and volatile external environment, companies were proactive in adjusting their strategies to market changes, focusing on benefits, controlling costs, shifting the structure and achieving better-than-expected business outcomes and a greater recovery in profit levels.
Specifically, the exploration and development division achieved operating income of $11,5939 million in 2016, representing an increase of 16.4 per cent over the previous year and a loss of $36,644 million, representing an increase of $18,130 million over the previous year; the refining division achieved revenue of $85,578.6 million, representing a decrease of 7.6 per cent from the previous year; and (ii) exploration and exploitation operations: crude oil reserves are a source of concern for corporate development
In 2016, the Division for Exploration and Development achieved operating income of $11,5939 million, an increase of 16.4 per cent over the previous year; a loss of $36,644 million, an increase of $18.13 billion over the previous year. Oil and gas equivalent production for the year was 431 million barrels, of which domestic crude oil production fell by 14.6 per cent compared to the previous year, while natural gas production increased by 4.3 per cent compared to the previous year.
In the first quarter of 2016, oil prices rebounded to around $40 per barrel, while oil prices rebounded further in the second to fourth quarters, which fluctuated between $40 and $50 per barrel. Overall, oil prices remained largely below $50 per barrel in 2016, a critical low oil price situation.
As a result of the low international crude oil prices, the realization of corporate crude oil and natural gas prices in 2016 was lower than in 2015, with the realized crude oil prices at their lowest point since 2004 and gas prices falling to prices around 2010. The company’s losses in exploration and exploitation plates were mainly affected by falling prices.
Figure 4: Crude oil production (tonnes) and realized prices (thousand tons) Figure 5: Natural gas production (billion cubic metres) and realized prices (thousand cubic metres)
In the area of exploration, the main focus is on low-cost, high-quality reserves of oil and gas, maintaining exploration efforts and obtaining new discoveries of oil exploration in areas such as the Xinjiangta River, the Gulf of Guangxi and the Inner Mongolian Silver Basin: acquiring new shale gas exploration in the Sichuan Basin ' s Yongchuan exploration area
In terms of development, more attention has been given to efficiency, adjusting oil and gas development structures, strengthening cost controls, and exerting pressure on inefficient crude oil production and high-cost measures. The company has fully advanced the project to build the capacity of Shale Rock and Gas II, the first large shale and gas field in China to produce 7 billion cubic metres per year, increasing gas production, and increasing the supply of gas in the Yangtze economic zone and in the Kyawjin area.
More specifically, in terms of production, the volume of oil and gas equivalents in 2016 was 431.29 million barrels, down 8.6 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the decline in domestic crude oil production, with gas production rising by 4.3 per cent and the share of total oil and gas production increasing over the previous year.
In terms of cost control, the company’s cash operating cost in 2016 was $786.0 per ton of crude oil production.
In the 13.2 per cent scenario, the small increase of 0.8 per cent in unit costs reflects the company ' s strategy to adjust its approach in a timely manner and, in the context of low oil prices, the overall decline in crude oil reserves, while natural gas suggests a significant increase in unexploited reserves. At the same time, the capital expenditure on the exploration and exploitation of operational plates was $32,187 million in 2016, down 22,523 million from the previous year.
This loss is related to the decline in oil and gas reserves and the excessive production and development costs resulting from price changes. Overall, it can be seen that, in the face of low oil price pressures, the company’s strategic adjustment is timely and robust, and as the effects of the adjustment progresses,
Releases, further optimization of the energy structure, cost containment and efficiency gains, coupled with some future increases in oil prices, will result in significant improvements in the loss of exploration and exploitation plates. (iii) Petroleum refining operations: market-oriented and profitable.
In 2016, the refining operations achieved operating income of 85,578 million yuan, yielding a profit of 56,265 million yuan, an increase of 190 per cent over the previous year, achieving the best profit in the last decade. 236 million tons of crude oil were processed throughout the year and 149 million tons of finished oil were produced, representing an increase of 0.53 per cent, of which 4.4 per cent was produced by gasoline and 4.6 per cent by kerosene.
The company's oil refining operations are market-oriented and, on the one hand, while maintaining a high production compliance rate, actively restructures the product structure and improves the production of gasoline (especially high-value gasoline) and kerosene, reducing the fuel-fuel ratio to 1.19 per cent; and, on the other hand, promote the application of a new set of technologies in an effort to improve the quality of the finished oil.
The upgrading of the quality of diesel fuel in standard vehicles has ensured the upgrading and supply of diesel fuel for national V standard vehicles, as well as standard finished oil in Beijing. On the one hand, sales, through international trade, have reduced the cost of purchasing crude oil, with a modest increase in the export of finished oil, and on the other hand, have made full use of centralized marketing advantages to further enhance the profitability of products such as liquefied gas and asphalt.
In 2016, RMB 14,347 million was spent on the capital of the refinery plates, mainly for the upgrading of the quality of diesel fuel, the restructuring of the refining oil and the construction of the excavation and re-engineering project. In 2017, an increase in the capital expenditure of the plates was planned, to RMB 22.8 billion, with a focus on the construction of the refinery bases, the restructuring of the refining and digging for the re-engineering of the potential, and the promotion of the upgrading of the quality of the oil products in the country, as well as the withdrawal of the backward and inefficient production capacity.
(iv) Marketing and distribution operations: the volume of sales has grown at full profit and the emerging business has grown well The marketing and distribution sector achieved business income of $105,285.7 billion in 2016, profit of $32,153 million, an increase of 18 per cent over the previous year, and $1.10 billion, an increase of 41.4 per cent over the previous year.
In 2016, domestic demand for the market for finished oils continued to grow, consumption structures were further fragmented, and the supply of market resources was greater than demand. Overall, the apparent consumption of finished oils (including petrol, diesel and kerosene) amounted to 288 million tons, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period, of which petrol rose by 11.9 per cent, kerosene by 11.0 per cent and diesel by 2.2 per cent.
In the sale of traditional finished oils, companies take advantage of integrated and marketing networks, maintaining a sustained growth in total turnover and retail size, and achieving good business efficiency. In response to market changes, companies actively adjust marketing strategies to expand the retail share of clean and friendly gasoline with high marks.
At the same time, companies are focusing on the promotion of new and emerging businesses, increasing their scale and effectiveness, taking a new step forward in building integrated service providers through a growing wealth of industries and services.
(v) Chemical industry operations: the second half of the year saw an increase in product prices and a recovery in profits
For rubber and fertilizer, the sales of the six major products amounted to approximately RMB 316.2 billion, an increase of 2.1 per cent, or 94.3 per cent of the operating income of the sector. Ethylene production was 11,059,000 tons in 2016, with a rate of 86.5 per cent for synthetic fibre differentiation and 61.4 per cent for new synthetic resins and special purpose products.
In the area of raw material procurement, companies seize the advantage of low prices for raw materials, optimize the raw material structure and strictly control costs; In the area of production, adhere to the “base-plus-high-end” approach to development, with production organized according to market demand, marginal benefit contributions and donkey levels, while increasing research, development, production and promotion of high-value-added products; and in the area of marketing, maintain low inventories and close links between production and distribution.
Implementation of a differentiated marketing strategy, with a total of 69.96 million tons of chemical products operating throughout the year, an increase of 11.3 per cent compared with the previous year, full-scale sales, 1. Central petrochemical investment in the construction of four major refining bases, with a large-scale refining of poles by state enterprises projected on 2 March.
Four world-class refining bases in Shanghai and Nanjing. Upgraded, the four bases will have a total refining capacity of 130 million tons/year, and ethylene will have a capacity of 9 million tons/year, accounting for about 17 per cent and 31 per cent of domestic production, respectively.
The international competitiveness of industry and market resilience drive the petrochemical industry from large to strong, fundamentally pushing the industry to achieve efficiency gains and transformational upgrading. Of this, the Maoming base will form 35 million tons of annual refining capacity and 1.8 million tons of ethylene; the Township refinery base will form tons: the Nanjing base will form 36 million tons of annual refining capacity and 2.4 million tons of ethylene.
2. Oil prices remain optimistic in the medium term, and the profitability of exploration and exploitation operations is expected to improve. In the short term, oil prices are facing short-term shortfalls due to such factors as the high innovation of United States commercial crude oil stocks, the continued increase in the number of drilling wells and the strengthening of the United States dollar.
In the medium term, however, oil prices remain optimistic. One of the key reasons for optimism in the medium term: the global need for crude oil in the second and third quarters is two key reasons for optimism: the key variables for changes in crude oil supply and demand throughout the year are also pointing to larger de-stocking. The current International Energy Agency growth in non-opec production in 2017 is expected to be 0.4 million barrels per day, and global demand growth in 2017 is 1.4 million barrels per day.
Moreover, the desired reduction in production in 2017 is expected to support oil prices. The impact of the implementation of the reduction in February 2017 has continued to increase compared to January, and the rate of delivery is close to 100%, mainly as a result of further increases in production reductions in countries such as Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Angola, and Venezuela.
Special Department of Energy officials said that Saudi exports to the United States in March had decreased by about 300,000 barrels per day, and that export data for the following months would remain at the March level, showing significant output reductions. The demand side of crude oil was also recovering.
This is due in large part to the seasonal nature of the demand, which is typically the lowest in the first quarter, the second and third quarters on a seasonal basis, and the four quarters, which are generally the most demanding, as long as they are not warm winter, but warmer in the northern hemisphere this year. Moreover, the stock of petrol and refined oil has continued to decline, with a decline of 2,811,000 barrels and 1,91 million barrels, respectively, in the last week.
At the same time, the refinery capacity utilization rate rose by 2.3 percentage points to 87.4%, and the daily volume of refined oil increased by 329,000 barrels, as can be seen from the fact that the rate of digestion of the United States crude oil reservoirs is accelerating. Thus, while the increase in the number of drilling wells and the United States dollar rebound temporarily put pressure on oil prices, the supply side has changed positively over the long term.
The price of crude oil will gradually rise over $60-65 per barrel, as will the expected improvement in global economic growth. The operation of petrochemical exploration and exploitation will also benefit from the warming of oil prices, which is expected to change the deficit, and is expected to improve its profitability.