The profitability of q3 has continued to improve, and there has been an increase in water engineering orders — the China Iron Construction (601186.sh) incident assessment report huangjw@cfsc.com.cn
Continuous improvement in profitability and good performance in engineering contracting  on a quarterly basis q1/q2/q3 earned operating income in 2023, with less change in the rate of growth in the single quarter, q3 on a single season.
Profitability is robust. Mother-to-child net profit of $59.08/77.41.5771 billion, equal cost control, increased R & D investment, sustained efficiency gains.
In terms of cash flows, the net operating cash flow of the first three quarters, 43,183 million yuan, last year's internal and external resonance for development, value of construction, and adherence to national construction planning policies.
In the first three quarters of 2023-03-24 2023, the company signed a new contract of approximately $1786.2 billion, a decline of 21.8 per cent from the previous quarter, and a new waterwork order of $52.69 billion from the same period.
The group has followed closely the planning of the national water network to strengthen projects such as flood prevention, water resources, soil conservation and ecological construction, while maintaining a steady pace of traditional operations, such as municipal housing, and the urban track project is gaining momentum.
The China-Turkish Construction Group has increased its shares, and the bill to increase the State debt has passed the company's October 17 announcement of the company's holding shareholders' plan to increase the shares of the China-Turkish Building Group to a cumulative total of 5,250,000 shares as of October 29th.
On 24 October, the country ' s regular session considered the adoption of a bill to increase the bond of $1 trillion, which would focus on eight main areas, with a focus on water engineering.
Naval transportation works are expected to accelerate transformation and the quality of operations is expected to improve steadily. (1) Capital construction recovery is not as high as expected; (2) policy support is not as strong as expected;  Construction materials group presentation
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research in building materials and three years of experience in building materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other aspects.