The growth in demand for power grid construction in the world has benefited from a sharp increase in performance, with companies benefiting fully from the growth of demand for electricity grids from the domestic and foreign grids resonance on 19st of 2025.
Beginning in March \triangleright, our cumulative investment in grid works has increased by two digits on a year-on-year basis. By the end of 2024, our cumulative annual investment in grid works is expected to be over $600 billion, up from nearly 10 years ago.
In the light of press reports, national grid investments are expected to exceed $650 billion for the first time throughout the year in 2025, with total investment going up the new ladder, and will actively focus on optimizing the main grid, supplementing the distribution grid, servicing the high-quality development of new energy sources, and continuing the implementation of major projects.
Dun Yongkang has been operating in more than 100 countries and territories, in more than 10 countries in Brazil, Mexico, Switzerland, Kenya, etc.
A company that has established a subsidiary or equity company with the region will benefit fully from the current cycle of power grids. It plans to invest in the Gis production base project.
Quarterly construction in progress increased by $349 million, an increase of 327.79 per cent over the opening value, including investments in the production of medium-pressure switches, s010123020010 base, construction of the Jiangsuth New Energy Company base.
In addition to changes in the quality of the process, which support market openings, enhance market competitiveness and promote new breakthroughs in performance, the company’s controlling subsidiary plans to invest in the “high-pressure smart appliances (gis) production base construction project”, project 1. Think-source electrical (002028.sz) tri-quarter reporting point, 2024
The company has recently announced that it has made some progress in the area of division of business and product applications, super-electric 2. Thought Source Electrical (002028.sz) semi-annual reporting point 2024.
Performance of 24h1 meets expectations, profitability is steadily increasing, tolerance effectively widens the technological boundaries of companies in areas such as new energy generation, smart power grids, new energy cars, etc. 23 years of over-ordering, high growth of overseas operations
\triangleright 5. The semi-annual 2023 Ideals (002028.sz) report draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.