Accurately grasping the opportunities, 800g light module achievement growth, new starting point
Photocommunication device design and manufacturing, smart equipment made up of one-person technological innovation enterprises.g Forward, intermediate and echo luminous modules and applications for backbone and core network transmission light modules.
A high-end overall solution. The company and the coherent are ranked first in the volume of light module manufacturers released in 2022. One leads the technology revolution, and demand for light modules rises explosively.
The generation of the ai tool is leading a new technological revolution, and the industrialization of cutting-edge technology requires cloudy, massive numeracy support from manufacturers, and the light communication network is an important foundation and a solid base for the arithmetic network, and is expected to grow explosively.
China’s light-module manufacturers still have room for upgrading at the high end of the market, but have a greater advantage at the medium and low end of the market. According to China Business Research Institute, the global light-module market is expected to reach $10.8 billion in 2024; and according to the multi-billion-dollar data forecast.
The market size of China’s light module is expected to reach $8.2 billion in 2026. With the advent of the 5g era, the acceleration of the digital transition and the expansion of the market size of the data centre, demand for all-light modules will increase.
Main business creates core barriers and captures important development opportunities. The company's holdings are fully owned by the company's owner, Sioux Xinjiang, and the capital of Chengdu, Sioux State's subsidiary, respectively, are responsible for research and development, design, encapsulation, testing and marketing of high-end telecommunication modules, as well as the main supply of domestic telecommunications networks.
The company has seized important opportunities for development in the data centres, 5g, and 800g light modules, and has become a leader in the two-way "Telecom-Telecom." Corporate revenue, net profits, is historically high, and research and development investment is increasing.
In recent years, corporate operating costs have been stable and management and R & D costs have dominated, with increasing R & D costs. In 2020-2022, the rate of M & A growth in high-speed and low- and medium-speed modules has been steady. The net increase in corporate cash flows was 2019-2021.
A gradual increase, the overall expansion of cash inflows from operating activities and the continued outflow of cash from investing activities. The rapid growth in arithmetic demand has stimulated the release of light modules, which tend to be small, low-cost, low-capacity, long-range, high-bandage.
Wide, 800g light module demand is likely to rise significantly. 800g light module will also quickly pull competitive pressure from domestic and foreign industries; 800g light module delivery will fall short of expectations; and the i model will not grow as much as 30 miles ahead of 1.1 millimeter, leading industry firms.
Midlife is a technologically innovative enterprise that is leading in the industry in the development and development of optical communications devices. It was made by a combination of the equipment of the former listed company, the medium-sized equipment of the former company, and Xin of Suzhou. The former was registered as a dragon in February 1987.
It was created in 2008 to develop, manufacture and sell high-end light modules and complete several in-house initiatives. In July 2017, the Intermediary Equipment Acquisition Company (IMES) completed the business of Xinjiang, Suzhou.
Table 1: The history of the development of the mid-to-medium revolution, registered on the basis of the former Yongguchi Specialized Equipment Plant for Zhenhua Electricians, and set up the Shandong Inter-Technology Mechanics Company Limited.
In April, the company was listed at the deep end. In June, the company published a series of 40gqsfp+sr4/ir4/lr4 products.
In May, OXT released new products such as 100gcfp 4lr4/100gosfp28sr4/40gosfp+er4. According to Lightcounting, 40gosfp+uni-mode modules made up 37% of the global market throughout the year. In March, OXT displayed 100gqsfp 28sr4/lr4/psm4aoc series products, 100gcfpsr4/lr4/er4 series and 25gsr/lr
In March, OXT released 100gqsfp28lr4-lite/er4-lite/cwdm4/aocbreakuout and 25gsfp28er-lite products. Intermediary equipment and Suzhou OXiao completed asset restructuring and set up a mid-life project. In March, the first 400gqsfp-dfr4 light communication module of the OXT rollout industry.
In March, IMX completed targeted increases for 100g/400g light module capacity building, among other projects. In April, IMX acquired into Dhuhan Technology Ltd. In December, IMST launched 800g of the Osfp and Osfp-dd800 series of light modules.
In April, OXT released 400 gqsfp-dzr/zr+, 100 gqsfp-ddzr+, 400 gcfp2dco. In March, the silicon chip 800g was displayed at the ofc2022 site with the ability to plug in osfp2*fr4 and qsfp-dd800dr8+Silicon light module was released in March, with 1.6 tosfp-xdddr8+plugable communication module released
In July, the acquisition of Kwangong Electronics accelerated the expansion of the automobile optical electronics market, the company's primary light module and lightware operations, the development, production, encapsulation and sale of high-end optical communication modules.
It provides high-speed light modules such as 800g, 400g, 200g and 100g for cloud data centre customers, 5g forward, medium-retrieval, fibre-optic access and applications to urban areas.
High-end integrated solutions, such as webs, backbones, and transmission light modules of the core network.
In the light module area, the company has autonomous R & D and engineering applications for automated production platforms, automated equipment, etc.
It has a strong competitive advantage in the field of globalization. Its access to the Web-based telecommunication modules consists of the distribution of the g/epon and 10gepon series of products and the combo series of products that satisfy the mix of network architectures, which conforms to the itu and msa series.
Predictable, widely applied to all types of access networks. Figure 2: Shares in middle- and bottom-up industries as a percentage of 1.3 corporate equity structure
In the third quarter of 2023, after the merger, the largest shareholding among shareholders was in Shandong Middle Investment Ltd.
The middle Queen is 11.29% of the shares, followed by Mr. Wang Weishu, Chairman of the middle Quantities Board. In the same way as Mr. Wang Weshu is the largest shareholder of the middle-level investment, the company actually controls before and after the merger completes its share buy-back and equity incentives to promote the company’s health and sustainability.
In particular, the interests of small and medium-sized investors enhance investor confidence and the ability of the company’s president to complete the equity transfer, focus on the communication module and the optical device. As of December 29, 2021, the company completes the stock cut-off and will have a fully-owned subsidiary, Mid-Tone Shan.
100 per cent of the shares of the limited company are transferred to the controlling shareholder ' s intermediate holdings, and the company is no longer engaged in electrical approximation-related manufacturing equipment-related operations.
2al leads the technological revolution, light modules as bottom hardware end 2.1 large model: "Pre-training + precision" model, i large model, pre-training model based on big multi-source data, original
The technical upgrade and product overlap of algorithm models, whereby users can learn from model zero/small sample data in the form of open sources or open api/work tools, to achieve better identification, understanding, decision-making, yielding effects and lower-cost development deployment options.
The technological development of llm will radically change the formula for the development and use of artificial intelligence algorithms. The large language model (llm) refers to speech models that contain hundreds of billions (or more) of parameters that are trained in large amounts of text data, such as gpt-3,
Palm, galactica, and llama. Allm is built on the basis of a trans-former structure. The current llm is mainly based on a similar model structure (i.e. a transformer) and pre-training targets (i.e. a language model) as a mini-language model.
The size of the model, pre-training data and total calculations (expansion multiples) have been expanded. Large models have contributed to the basic cognitive ability of the intelligent body, and they also have the "emerging" character. The "emerging" means that the behavior of a system is hidden.
Sex-driven rather than superficially constructed; "synthetic" refers to the ability of the underlying model to be the centre and core of intelligence, and any improvement of the big model will quickly cover the entire community, but its flaws will also be inherited by all downstream models.
Figure 4: Training large model “pre-training + precision” model Figure 5: Large model “emerging” and “homogenization” 2.2 infrastructure facing many requirements and challenges, moving from framework to collection
Large model infrastructure is gradually becoming a whole-store-based, hard-to-hard-combined facility, from frame to cluster. Infrastructure in large models no longer covers just the bottom of hardware, networks, etc.
Infrastructure in general also requires that all relevant resources be integrated into the infrastructure. Large model generation, overlap and evolution present new challenges to infrastructure at the bottom. For example, computing walls, storage walls, single machines and cluster high performance network design, graphic access.
Large model infrastructure is divided into four levels: 1. The top is the model layer, which includes models published internally and externally and some support groups.
So, you know, 100-degree oars like Paddlepaddle and Fleet, are distributed strategies on the oars. At the same time, in open-source communities, like pytorch, some big model training based on the pytorch framework.
2. Relevant capabilities under the framework for acceleration banks, including for arithmetical acceleration, general 3. Resource management or cluster management. 4. Hardware resources such as single card, isomer chip, network-related capabilities.
irie3.0titan supersized modeldepressed/megatron+pytorch
Freet+padlepaddle ai subsystem (cudnn, cublas, aaiak-op)
Al Scheduler Storage service 2.3 Large model rapid development drives increased demand for arithmetic chips and light modules
There will be 10-20 times the gpt4 calculation, and the gpt5 will have 200-400 times the gpt3 calculation and 100 times the gpt3. The number of parameters in the model, the calculations used during the training period, and the three factors of the training data will have a symmetrical relationship to the loss, the number of parameters.
The larger the volume, the greater the need for arithmetic. ai's demand for fast-growing light-driven modules is marketed. The light module is used as a cloud to calculate the important parts of the data centre, and it is accompanied by a significant increase in data transmission, city.
The demand for the field is also increasing. Lightning expects a 10% reduction in 2023, but the long-term cagr is still around 13%. Lightning does not significantly reduce the demand for 400g/800g light, and 2023
800g is expected to boost a new round of growth in IED module expenditure, which is expected to break the $3 billion mark by 2026.
Figure 8: Growth rate of sales of the Ethernet module 3 light module market sector promising, showing a rapid development trend, 3.1 China light module scale growing and market prospects good
The light module consists of optical electronic devices, functional circuits, light interfaces, etc., and the optical electronic device consists of both launching and receiving parts. At the launch end, the drive chip is processed to the original telecommunications and then drives semiconductor lasers (ld) or luminous diodes (led).
The modem signal is sent out. On the receiving end, the light signal comes in, it is converted from a light-detection binocular to a telecom, which is exported by a pre-magnifier. The role of the light module is to convert the light signal to a light signal at the sender end, which is transmitted by fibre-optics.
With the construction of 5g in the country, the market for light modules is growing rapidly. The country’s firms are constantly improving their R & D, process, and delivery capabilities, and maintaining full competition within the industry.
The global market for light modules has grown from $6 billion in 2017 to $9.6 billion in 2022, and the global market for light modules will reach $10.8 billion in 2024. With the upgrading of technology in our light module enterprises,
With greater R & D inputs, China ' s light module manufacturers will gradually lead the market in the future, and the demand for 5g and data centres will continue to expand to achieve faster growth in China ' s light module market, with 3.2 telecommunications and data centre industry segmenting, wireless return + telecommunications transmission
The light module industry segment market is mainly the telecommunications (5g) market and the data centre (idc) market.
. The demand for high-speed data flow growth boost modules has expanded, and data flow is now being applied mainly to two scenarios: wireless and telecommunications, as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, virtual reality, and so on.
It uses 10g, 25g-ray modules. It uses 50g, 100g, 200g-ray modules. It uses 100g, 200g, 400g-ray modules.
Telecommunications luminous transmission networks consist mainly of backbone networks, urban area networks, and broadband access networks. The fixed end of the network is connected from fibre-optic access to urban area networks, long-distance backbone networks: migration.
The engine ends from the forward connections of the base station to the return, urban area network, long-distance backbone network. 3.3 technology upgrades three paces, domestic manufacturers continue to dominate the market, light module products move towards heatable infusion, miniaturization, high speed, intelligence, collection.
In the direction of evolution, the technological upgrading route can be divided into three generations, roughly according to the mainstream envelope form. The first generation (1995-2000) is represented by 1 x 9, gbic, sff. The second generation (2000-2028) is represented by sfp, osfp, osfp-
The third generation (2024 years later) is represented by photovoltaic co-encapsulation (cpo), mainly silicon light integration technology. China's light-module manufacturers still have room for upgrading in high-end markets, and at medium- and low-end segments of the city.
The field is better. Our role in the global market for light modules is becoming more and more important in the context of the importance we attach to the development of light communication, the transfer of the global light module industry to China, and the return of talent and technology from abroad. According to the lightcounting, 2022, the world has become more and more powerful.
Seven of the top ten providers are Chinese enterprises. Domestic producers of light modules are developing, providing high-speed light modules for cloud data centre customers of 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g, and 5g forward, center and return photo models for telecommunications equipment providers.
3.4 Future breakthroughs in silicon light technology will result in high-speed, low-cost, low-cost advantages. Silicon light technology will break through.
On the chip, the volume is significantly reduced, effectively reducing the cost of materials, the cost of chips, the encapsulation of the material, and also effectively controlling power consumption. With the advent of the 5g era and the acceleration of the digital transition, the market for high-speed light modules will continue to expand. The high-speed light module will become light.
The expansion of the size of the data centre market will be a powerful driver of the demand for a digital light module. According to the Chinese Information and Communications Technology Institute, the global data centre market exceeded its size in 2022.
In 2022, China’s data centre market reached $247 billion. The current data centre market, in a highly competitive pattern, is increasing the capacity of the megadata centre, which is the data.
The Centre has laid the foundation for additional high-speed light modules and for the replacement of the upgraded old light modules.4 The 4 major battalion operations have set up core barriers to capture critical development compacts, 4.1 high-speed light module applications have a wide field and telecommunications network operations are strong
The high-speed light module has a wide field of applications. The main business of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Xuzhou, is the development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of the high-end light communication module.
Clients, the 5g forward, center and return luminous modules are primarily aimed at telecom suppliers. The overall product of the Division shows a trend of high speed, miniaturization, low power consumption, low-cost development.
Wireless return, telecommunications transmission, and data centres, the main clients of which are the manufacturers of communications equipment and large Internet enterprises. The downstream market for the light module consists mainly of the telecommunications market, digital access, and a more competitive telecommunications network operation.
The company has a vertically integrated product line from a chip to a photo-electric device to a photo-electric module, with greater competition for autonomous research and development and engineering applications of automated production platforms and automated equipment.
Accomplishments: Automated technology is a leading industry in the country, and its main products include PV components for fixed network access, PV components for wireless access and pon, while the share of high-speed light module operations continues to increase, and telecommunications network operations are performing well.
The company’s main operations are divided into light module operations and telecommunications network operations. In light module blocks, the share of high-end products such as 400g and 200g has increased continuously, and the 800g series in 2018 has completed the sampling, testing and certification of customers to achieve small bulk deliveries:
In terms of telecommunications access, it has benefited from the pull-out and operational collection of demand for grid access devices and light modules, such as 10 gpon, from the two gigagrams of light network work. 4.2 The data centre, 5g, 800g light module area, with company precision and weight
Data centre area: taking advantage of important opportunities in the domestic and international dual market ... enhancing downstream weight (1) In 2017, companies acquired Suzhou Xinjiang, taking advantage of 40-100g opportunities to develop a cross-cutting approach to the operation of the light module.
On the basis of the electrical spin-off equipment manufacturing business, a new high-end light module equipment manufacturing service has been introduced, leading to a parallel development of the two main industries. At the same time, the industry data centre focused clients have started bulk imports into the 100g series of high-speeds, while using the 40g series products on a large scale.
Light module, 100g light module cwdm4 is becoming the dominant product in the industry, and the market needs to grow strongly. Suzhou's 100g series of product solutions for high-value products and fast-track mass delivery are highly recognized by key clients, the data centre.
The market share of high-speed light communication modules has risen rapidly. (2) The year 2021 was an important node for companies to leapfrog, multiplying the demand for 200g/400g products to the east, and later to the upper end of the international competitive market.
A strong position. Lightcounting, published in 2022, ranked meso- and coherent as the world ' s number one, and the omdia report also showed that middle-to-class Xin was the second-highest market share in the world in 2021, about 10%, with the city in the fourth quarter.
This is 12%. Of the top 10 producers, the company ' s market share increased most in 2021, with its main driving force being a significant increase in sales of 200g and 400g products to cloud producers ' data centres.
(3) The 800g module area is still leading the world: 400g and the following products are in the lead, and 800g products are expected to open up a new business growth space. Suzhou is creating a new, plus-coded research and development investment in the next generation’s velocity of products, silicon light, and interconnectivity.
The company optimizes, adapts and drops the 400g silicon chip process: 100g, 200g, and so on. Xinjiang, Suzhou, actively coordinated with the 400g early deployment plan of the North American priority clients, achieving 400g in 22 years.
The product is delivered in small quantities, with a leading edge in the 400g product area. Based on the background of the small-scale, low-cost, low-power, long-range, high-bandwidth technology of the unincome module, companies are constantly exploring low-power, minimature, high-speed light communication module technologies.
The Division has now completed the pre-research and release of new products for the 800g light module. Xinjiang, Suzhou, has won the approval of its customers, both at home and abroad, with the advantages of technological excellence, low-cost product manufacturing, and reliable delivery across the board.
The company's announcement of the release of 200g/400g as the company's main source of goods, the volume of shipments kept industry ahead, the demand for 200g/400g was sustained and the g-light module product had been sampled, tested and certified to its clients, with some overseas clients
The gradual bulk procurement and deployment of 800g products by households from the fourth quarter, while companies maintained production and applications of technologies such as cloud computing and big data drove the accelerated construction of mega-data centres around the world, leading to an increase in industry demand for high-speed light modules, cloud vendor capital.
The spending budget is rising, while the company ' s new priority product 800g light module is able to satisfy the flow and bandwidth needs of the cloudy data centre well, and the company has a pre-emptive advantage in the certification and distribution of products and is actively expanding its capacity to ensure key technological developments.
Under the circumstances, 800g products are expected to open up new business growth as the new climate cycle begins. Long space is available to secure the world's leading position in the market share of corporate light modules and to continue to expand. Figure 17: Changes in the pattern of top 10 light module manufacturers
Figure 18: Total market size and rate of increase in China ' s idc Companies complete the acquisition of storage technology and form synergies in technological progress, customer resource sharing, scalable delivery capacity, cost control, market occupancy, supply chain integration, etc.
As a result, the company’s business profile in the market segment of the telecommunications network has been improved, and industry’s competitiveness has been consolidated and enhanced.
The full series of 5-g-based station light product series has been fully prepared to participate in the 5-g communications network that has not yet arrived in the country. The China Mobile Investment Department has been in stock as early as 2021, aiming at the market for the light module, and this time it moved to China.
In 2019, the company's research and development of 400g and 5g new products was in the middle of the industry.
In addition, Xinjiang in Suzhou has increased research and development on 400 g silicon chips and related technologies.
D. The acceleration of the global 5g network construction and commercialization has contributed to the progressive maturity and scale application of the 5g light module for the future at 400g silicon and 5g echoes, and the distribution of 5g cards by the Ministry of Trade and Communications to the three operators in 2019
In China, the 5g network has finally been set up, and the 5g has been built like fire, and the demand for forward and backlight modules has increased. The company is fully prepared for the full benefits of the ahead, and the series of specifications for the forward, center and backlight modules have been sequenced.
Importing home-grown equipment suppliers, of which 25g pre-lighting modules are in the forefront of the industry, provides a good basis for raising the profile and industry position of companies in the domestic telecommunications market and helps companies to secure adequate orders on a smooth and sustainable basis.
Domestic telecommunications operators have initiated two gigawatts of grid-wide access, pulling demand for 10 g, pon, etc., access to web-based optical devices and light modules. Companies and storage technologies have evolved in terms of technology, customer resources, scalability of delivery capacity, supply chain integration, etc.
The synergies are conducive to increasing the competitiveness of companies in the telecommunications light module market, bringing market-friendly opportunities to the forefront of the two-fold “digital-to-telecommunication” business income and net return profits.
Midlife booms in business income and net profits have increased overall. The ladders have been brought up as product cycles, and the 100-g light module requirements for the mainstream configuration of the global large data centre spin-down network architecture in 2018 have increased considerably over the previous year, with Suzhou creating a 100-g series of products.
High-value product solutions and fast-volume delivery capacity were highly recognized by large North American clients, thus further consolidating market shares against the backdrop of increased competition in 2018.
400g and 200g, the company’s overseas markets continued to grow. Meanwhile, domestic telecom operators initiated a two gigawatts of grid-wide access, which boosted the demand for 10g pon, etc., access to grid-light devices and light modules. In 2022, the company collected and made a net profit.
In recent years, the cost structure of the company period has been stable, management and R & D costs have dominated, and research and development costs have been increasing. The cost of the middle-rise period has consisted mainly of sales, management, finance and R & D costs.
Figure 21: Medium-to-Small Cost Expenditure (Billion Dollars) Figure 22: Medium-to-Smart Cost as a Proportion of High-end Product Deployment, expected to continue over the next few years
The net increase in corporate cash flows was gradually increased in 2019-2021, the flow of cash from operating activities generally expanded and the flow of cash from investing activities remained constant.
Eighteen shareholders participating in the performance compensation scheme for the commitment period had overperformance incentives. The 2022 financing period issued shares to a specific target, resulting in an increase in shareholder investment funds, which did not occur in the current period; and, second, an increase in the expenditure on repurchases of shares in the current period.
For the 800g light module, we believe it is driven by fast growth in arithmetic demand.
The increase in data transmissions, the increase in light module output, the future reduction in light module technology, low cost, low power, distance and bandwidth, and the expected significant increase in industry-wide volume of 800g light model blocks; for 1.6t light modules. We believe, 2024 or so
For the 1.6t light module release year, the number of sales is expected to increase exponentially; for the high-speed light communication module, we expect the volume of the business single module value to decrease, owing to the cyclicality of the new light module.
Cost: Due to increasing competition in the market, the cost rate has either been in place since 2023 or there are competitive pressures in domestic and foreign industries: there are more competitors, both domestic and foreign, and the technology is fast-paced, placing high demands on the R & D, innovation and productive capacity of enterprises.
800g light module delivery is not as high as expected: macroeconomic repairs may still face greater pressure, the United States economy is at higher risk, the company’s high-end product 800g light module or delivery is not as high as expected.
The development of large models is an important catalyst for the development of the light-module industry, and the development of large models is not expected or will limit the growth of corporate performance.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.