IMCO zhongjiinnoright (300308ch) First coverage: high-speed light module head manufacturer benefiting from ai hardware industry trend of 800g/1.6topticalmoduleddingplayer, benefying fromaitrend:initiation
This is the first time that the idea focuses on inventivefocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) overlaying the big city's initiatewitoutperform
The one-accelerated light module has been upgraded over time, and the high-speed light module has grown rapidly: Light is better than the big city ' s outperform module is truly benefiting the global wave of construction in nvidia and google industries.
The volume of cargo from one rack, which was driven to 4.5 million in the 2025 b/x series, will accelerate the rmb 125.32bn/us $17.32bn. Only the overall market size of the light module is expected to continue to grow, driven by 1.6t.
Tied head clients, prioritized for industrial upgrading: Google/nvidia high-speed light, module demand leads the market, high-speed light module is the first step in progress, and continues to benefit from product upgrading.
They're expected to deliver the first 1.6t by the end of this year. The downstream customer's need for light upgrades is the pricereturn-mscicchina, the speedier head manufacturer of the good light module, and we expect the stump to continue in the 1.6t era.
Research and development capabilities are prominent, and new technology pathways are laid out: Silicon light, lpo, and so on in the new technology path. Silicon is designed with the ability to design the silicon chip, and the cost of silicon bem is better than the traditional one, and we expect silicon light to be 800g and 1.6t.
The silicon light product is ahead of schedule, and in 2024 the ofc demonstrated 800g/1.6t silicon light modules. We expect to continue to benefit as silicon light technology routes mature and more costly silicon light programmes penetrate. In 2024, the ofc was launched.
Boo. 1.6t-lpo-dr8osfp, perfecting the low-power product matrix. Valuation and recommendation: benefit from the construction needs of the one data centre, light modules 800g and 1.6t Summeralisxia.
Podeurjeffpu, cfa fangzhouzhao