Quantities q1 traditional vehicle operations increased rapidly, and new energy research and development investments increased in South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company issued a quarterly report in 2018, which achieved operating income of $6.26 billion (yoy+6.5 per cent) during the reporting period, a net return to the mother of $220 million (yoy+9.4 per cent), an overall Māori rate of 22.7 per cent, an increase of 1.8 pp compared to the corresponding increase in the gross Māori product.
The volume of sales amounted to 66,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 22.7 per cent over the same period, representing 59 per cent of the total number of vehicles (23 per cent in 16 years, 46 per cent in 17 years), the smooth switch of windlight 580 and windlights 560 products and the upwards of the average single vehicle value of the company. The overall decline in sales during the quarter was 5.7 per cent, mainly due to a 29.1 per cent decline in other vehicles, and the other vehicles.
These are mainly company mpv and old microcarlines, the low profitability of old product lines, and the company’s initiative to reduce production capacity to create space for suv product lines expansion. With the optimal structure of the company’s products, the increase in the Māori rate and the high profitability of traditional vehicles has resulted in higher costs for new energy R & D inputs. 18q1 removes new energy vehicles.
After $156 million in costed inputs (only $34 million over the same period in 17 years) and non-recurrent gains and losses, corporate net profits in the traditional car industry rose by 35 per cent, and still showed a remarkable performance. The overall cost rate rose by 1.44 pp in a quarter, with sales falling by 0.34 pp, channel effects showing an increase in management costs by 1.52 pp, mainly in new energy vehicles.
The company’s strategic focus has been shifted to new energy sources, and the industry’s closed loops have been completed: the construction of Chongqing’s New Energy Company as a domestic plant for new energy vehicles and tri-electric systems; the acquisition of new energy for vehicle production; and the production of new energy in silicon.
In late March, the company released sfmotor power drive systems and sf5, sf7 pure electrical suv in Silicon Valley.
The power range of 100kw-400kw can accelerate at 0-100 km in 3 seconds. The company aims to create a new high-end energy vehicle, a “people's version” of Tesla, which we expect to produce in 19 years, and the new energy business in the future is expected to bring more elasticity to the company's performance and re-engineering.
Xiaokang shares (601127): Suv's accurate location has been successful, new energy products have been re-branded, performance, new energy integration is followed by the next city.
It is hoped that the new energy strategy (2017-08-18) will continue, and that it will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.