Siu Kang's car (601127) has been successfully located, and new energy products have been re-branded.
The net return to the mother is 730 million yuan (yoy+41.1%), with an overall Māori rate of 22.2%, an increase of 2.8 pp from the same year. ● High sales of core suv products, with the active contraction of old product lines. The company’s 17-year sales of suv products and the smooth conversion of windys56 products have driven the company’s average single-car value upwards.
The main reasons are the impairment treatment of old production lines and the introduction of local subsidies for new energy sources. Cash cow products are well-positioned, Māori is higher, cost is lower, and output is strong.
The sales rate has fallen by 0.58 pp, and the management costs have increased by 1 pp, mainly because of channel effects and increased R & D inputs. We believe that the core of the company’s success lies in the precise positioning of its products, with the company now focusing on 100,000 dollars, with seven suvs, 3-4-line city distributors with a better economic layout, with no need to add too much.
We expect that the company will gradually complete five suv product lines in the future, increase its intelligent configuration, and sustain the company’s growth in cash cow products. The high-end new power-car business is expected to recombine small jobs, and the power-driven system is now available.
All of them have been turned towards new energy sources, and industrial closed loops have been completed: the construction of Chongqing King Kong New Energy Company as a domestic plant for new energy use vehicles and three power systems; acquisition of new energy use vehicle production skills; establishment of a research and development centre in Silicon Valley; sfmotos: acquisition of an Amg car factory in the United States: acquisition of the Inevit company III electricity department
In late March, the company released sfmotor power drive systems and sf5 and sf7 pure electrical suv in Silicon Valley, covering a range of 100kw-400kw power, enabling an acceleration of 0-100 km in 3 seconds.
With high-end new energy vehicles, creating a “people's version” Tesla, we expect the entire car to produce in 19 years, and the future new energy business is expected to bring greater elasticity to the company and create a new economy.
Performance, new energy integration and the next city are expected to continue with a firm new energy strategy (2017-08-18)
Xiaokang shares (601127): suv leads to high performance growth and new energy stocks (2017-07-19) have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.