The Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398.sh) has strong banks/banks and a well-deserved industry as the leading bank in China and the largest asset in the world. The Bank of Commerce and Industry has a full financial license plate.
By the end of 2019, business banks had been working for seven consecutive years on the joint Forbes magazine, “The Global Business 2000” and the banker magazine, “The Global Bank 1000.”
At the top of the list is the fourth year in a row in which the global bank brand is the top 500. The company’s long-term strategy of maintaining sound operations has resulted in five core competitivenesss: a strong customer base, low-cost liabilities, improved credit structures, high-quality assets, and tight wind control.
• The cost of indebtedness has a strong net interest margin and increased profitability. Business and industry bank deposits account for as much as 83.80% and provide low-cost liabilities, and hence low-interest income.
• In 2019, companies had a net difference of 2.24 per cent, higher than the industry average; 1.65 per cent, one of the lowest cost-effective banks for a stake-bearing liability.
In 2019, there was a net increase of more than 43 million households, with the largest market growth. At the same time, subsidiaries were located overseas, and in 2019, industrial and silver.
Financial management and the opening of Austrian and Greek institutions, with a better integration of the internationalization. Quality of assets, continuing low rates of non-performing loans, creditor investment is mainly government bonds, policy bank bonds, and negative risks are extremely low.
▪ Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, although the epidemic and regulation have led to lower overall valuations in the banking sector, we believe that business and industry banks rely on sound economics.
For non-risk interest rates, we use the average interest rate of 10 years of national debt opening over the past year, while applying sensitivity to test abnormal valuation criteria.
We assume that China’s economy will be recovering slowly in 2020, thus driving the banking sector further undervalued. At the same time, the global banking sector has been affected by the slowdown in economic growth, the era of low interest rates, and exposure to emerging market risks.
Exposure is a triple challenge for our banking industry, and there is no need to be less aggressive in terms of tighter regulation and digitalization. As a top-class bank, business banks may be affected by the overall macroeconomic impact and sensitivity.
The emergence of payment methods, such as payment treasures and micro-credit payments, has once raised market concerns about the market share and performance of banks, but business banks, as State-owned banks, are first in a profitable and stable financial sector, with high market value, stable growth, smooth performance, and a clear competitive advantage in their operations. As future finance becomes more diversified, business and industry become increasingly diversified.
Business and industry banks have the lowest premium and income costs. Otherwise, considering their extremely prudent financial performance, their valuation may not be comparable to that of international commercial banks.
The continued dynamism of financial science and technology, the spread of private banking, the upgrading of services and the promotion of large retailing strategies keep the customer base solid, the share of non-interest income rising, and the revenue from financial operations and fees and commissions is expected to continue.
For example, credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk; and other risks: risks associated with force majeure, such as the new crown virus, which suspends the business of the institution.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry was established in 1984 as a national professional bank to host the People’s Bank’s savings and business credit operations.
Not only is it China’s first largest bank, but it is also the world’s largest asset, with 428 branches in 48 countries and territories. In October 2019, Bankers ranked among the world’s 1,000 largest banks, and China’s industrial and commercial banks ranked first, with $338 billion in first-class capital; and net profits stood at $43.6 billion, holding the top.
As a country with leading banks and world-class banks, the business structure of business banks has been very balanced. The largest share is corporate finance, which accounts for 46.70 per cent of the total, and private finance, which accounts for a steady increase over recent years.
In 2019, it accounted for nearly 40 per cent. Moreover, the structure of the company’s net profit contribution over the last two years shows that there has been an increase in the share of individual surplus business contributions, which is also the reason why the company has been developing retail operations and creating private banks.
1.1. Business transformation strengthens robust development, domestic affiliates promote integrated business. Business and industry banks have a strong and solid customer base and have a full financial license plate. In recent years, companies have focused on capturing a large number of growth spaces and high-yielding plates in order to achieve a comprehensive business transformation and build continuity and diversification.
Under the new operating model and service system, as of 2019, the total number of individual clients was 650 million, representing a net increase of over 43 million, the best level in recent years. The net increase in corporate clients was 1.65 million, an increase of 15.14 per cent over the same period, with significant growth in fees and commissions.
Millions of yuan, up 7.1% from the previous year, were in the top of the list of banks with a share. While fees and commissions had been growing slowly before, even in 2017, they were expected to grow steadily with retail strategies and the support of subsidiaries such as SWI.
The main subsidiaries under the company’s umbrella are the Industrial and Silver Sinky Gold Management Limited, the Industrial and Silver Financial Leasing Company Limited, the Industrial and Silver Ansing Life Insurance Company Ltd., and the Industrial and Monetary Finance Corporation.