The company is one of the key representatives of the Liquor I River in Huaiang County, Jiangsu Province. The company has performed well since it was listed. In 2015-2022, the cashier and the parent's net profit cagr were, respectively.
When Wang Joo-Lin took office, he went on to deepen the reforms, form the "Four One Divisions", split the brand, further upgrade the single brand, run more efficiently, and move on to a new equity incentive scheme, define the core workforce's interests in depth.
The three brands have a full price belt, and they use their power to purchase and boost their mobility. In terms of product structure, the Department has been settling for years into three brands, namely, the national/the present world/the high trenches, with China as its core brand.
By about 80 per cent, it has managed to capture the trend of intra-provincial upgrading, with clear positioning of the three main series under the flag: "k Can, "Advanced 100 + Down to fill the public price belt, achieve stable mid-end expansion " Infinite sale of a share/total equity
In addition to the current-day brands focusing on the wedding market, the high-trenched brands of light bottles of wine, and the structure of the channels, the company, thanks to its long-standing reputational advantage, has been able to compare the shares with the depths of 300 in the last year.
In order to gradually enter the channel of circulation, the “1+1+n” system is being built in order to ensure a reasonable distribution of benefits, such as price sharing, and to promote the equilibrium of channels and the excellence of distributors, to improve the efficiency of the organization and to maintain the healthy development of the distribution system.
The market for white wine in Jiangsu province is equipped with a large market capacity, consumer prices are constantly rising, prices in the province are now over $300-400, and the region is uphill in North, Central and South Sudan.
Accomplishment: Highland Market Nanjing, Huai An, at the beginning of maturity, is building a second-growth curve: South Sudan is strong in consumption but competes with foreign wine, and it continues to strengthen its branding power, fostering a high-end v system: Su is in a period of branding release and growing in depth.
Long-movement energy: North Subei region is dominated by indigenous brands, with low consumption prices, high-trenched brand revival and future growth expected to be driven by rising local consumption. There is a clear development of new thinking outside the province and a strong two-pronged focus on brand+regions.
The share of revenue is maintained at 5-7 per cent, while the volume of out-of-town revenue increases year by year, maintaining a focus on “nationality” brands and surrounding markets: 1) long-triangular co-editorial layout “v” and nationalization of the “k” system, launching of new products, strategic positioning of high-yielding products and reshaping of the province's foreign borders.
Brand: 2) Establish 10 provincial and extra-provincial focus blocks to explore new models. The company, with its name, wine genetics, will benefit from in-house brand radiation-driven, is expected to cover the Jiangsu area for the first time, giving a "buy-in" rating. The core of future corporate growth lies in the superior product structure.
With the rapid release of Nanjing and Xiaoan regions v3, v is expected to raise brand positions upwards, with low price bands such as single, lightly and others extending downwards to meet daily consumption demand, and the provincial markets, especially in the Central and South Sudan region.
The income ceiling has still not been touched, there is no need to worry too much about intra-provincial competition in the short, medium- and long-term, economic downsides, product upgrades less than expected, increased competition in the provinces, food security and one of the other cores, and deeper reforms.
The company is located in Xiao'an, a well-known area with a long history as one of the important representatives of the Liquor of Jiangsu province, with three major brands: “Nationality”, “The End of the World”, and “The Trench”.
Phase I: The company was formerly a high-trenched wine factory in Huaiang, Jiangsu Province.
After that, Lu Quannan, the rise of the bottle, the Quantico, the Quantico, the North, and the Jiangsu market came to power, with little effort being made in the province. The Gorge wine factory was in a state of annual loss and insolence, and in 1996 its bankruptcy was restored.
After profound reflection, the company’s leadership recognized the low-end solidification of the high-trenched brand, and finally decided to create a “trenched-in-the-world” brand based on the high-trenched brand. In December 1997, 6 million yuan was financed by the People’s Government of Suhua County and the State Property Management Authority of the high-trenched district.
In 2004, the company created a “national” brand to target the high-end market for white wine.
In 2005, the company proposed a restructuring programme to form a new company in the form of an absolute State-owned and small-scale participation, with 90% of the State-owned and 10% of the State-owned.
After having achieved a profitable performance in 2005 by improving the efficiency of the business system, the world has experienced four equity transfers and four replenishments, with an increasing shareholding ratio. In 2011, the company as a whole changed to a limited company.
Starting in the second half of 2012, the White Liquor industry entered a period of adjustment, with a reduction in demand for high-end consumption, especially for government consumption, with a combination of a number of factors, such as the strict control of “triple public consumption.” This is a world in which the promotion of the “nationality” brand has been suspended, focusing on development.
In 2014, the company was successfully listed as the first share of the ipo reboot, the first company to be listed in Huaian City.
After 2017, Jiangsu’s sub-high-end prices were scaled up, the country grew, spending rose rapidly, and the company reverted the strategic center to its “state” brand. In 2020, the company sold more than 5 billion dollars. In 2021, the company released its Five-Year Strategy.
1.2 Strong growth in profit margins, continued rise in roe, higher-end prices for white wine in Jiangsu province, and higher growth of companies, although the rate of growth affected by the epidemic slowed down in 2020, with net returns and returns in 2015-2022
The net profit is 2,503 million yuan and the net profit is the eighth and seventh place on the national market for white wine.
Increased spending on expenses such as outreach, diagnostic activities, slightly volatile sales rates, with a slight overall decrease; significant corporate efficiency gains and decreasing administrative costs each year; liquidity, with a persistently negative financial cost rate.
The end of the track is slightly lower than the ocean's rivers and mouths, largely due to higher sales rates during the year. The company's Roe continued to rise, ranking second in the region in 2022.
From steady profitability and continuous leveraging. The net corporate sector in 2018-2022 was dominated by: 1) the continuous upgrading of the corporate product structure and the steady increase in the volume and income share of products at the lower end (Ta+ category) and above, with a steady increase in the Māori ratio, 2) in scale and scale.
Up to 1.6, we believe that we have benefited mainly from the company’s stronger bargaining power in the industrial chain. After the ocean river and rum, we believe that companies have a strong bargaining power downstream, a strong channel and a higher incentive for distributors.
1.3 The reform of the Ministry of Enterprise is continuing, and the incentives for equity are showing confidence. The company’s equity structure is clear, and the interests of employees and shareholders are deeply tied.
The company has 44.72% of the shares. The company manager holds 7.7% of the shares directly, and the middle- and middle-level employees include department managers, regional managers and middle-level executives who hold 6.53% of the shares of the company through the two main stockholding platforms of the Xiao Shuiyu and Xiaojin Trading Ltd.
In April 2022, the new chairman of the board of directors went along with the interests of investors. Zhou Soo-ming, who was leading the world, was on the market in 2014, thereby winning the second round of white wine gold.
In November 2020, he officially entered the world liquor industry and became the company’s managing director. Prior to that, he was President of the Political Consultative Council, Party Group Secretary, and other positions in Jiangsu Province, with outstanding organizational skills and extensive management experience.
In response to the “10 billion” target, and in line with the strategy of high-level and nationalization, major decisions on integrated market expansion and organizational change in the “Four One Divisions” will be made when they take office. At the same time, a new equity incentive program has been put in place.
The structure of the company's former “Sales + Market + National V9 + Ministry of Foreign Affairs” was changed to “National v + Ministry of National + Ministry of Foreign Affairs + Ministry of Foreign Affairs + Ministry of Foreign Affairs + High Trench Marketing Company”.
Each has its own experienced sheephouse, Hujongyu, Li Wei Qing, and Niang from spring. By building a professional team with separate brands, each department has given a high priority to each brand, effectively improving organizational outreach, professionalizing brand operations and overall efficiency.
At the beginning of July 2023, the company further optimized its organizational structure; established the Department of Strategic Research, the Office of the Chief Engineer, the Big Data Centre, the Ministry of Brand Management, merged with the Ministry of Culture, combined sales with the Ministry of Marketing and Overseas Industries, formed the Ministry of Marketing, unified the provincial and provincial marketing management system,
On October 10, 2022, the company awarded seven core executives and 327 core bones, including the general manager, Xiang Xiaoqiao, with a non-net profit rate of 22.83% and successfully completed the incentive target for the year.
The significant performance requirements for the next three years are expected to fully stimulate senior management and staff growth, while also demonstrating the firm’s confidence in high-quality development over the next three years.2 Competitive advantage: brand + channel dual empowerment
2.1 Brand end: years of sedimentation into a strategic pattern of "three brands" with 2.1.1 national origin: the distribution system operates, and branding of the "nationality" brand is characterized by "China's high-end medium-level white wine".
In 2004, the company created a brand of “nationality” to target high-end markets for white wine. In 2009, the company launched a nationalization and high-end strategy for high-end products, v3 and v6.
In 2018, the company upgraded the former V to Crystal V (new v3/v6), restarting the V V. In 2019, further promotions were made to upgrade the brand.
The new version v9. V is a product strategy for "v9 image, v3 sales, and v6 supplement." In late 2020, the core was upgraded and branding continued. In 2023, it was designed to expand markets outside the province.
The company has launched a “six-way” to upgrade its founding strategy. Figure 14: The history of the national series of products on the market.
The company adheres to the strategy of “strength-enhanced new vs,” which is used as a powerful k syllable, tactically supplemented by new ks, yarns, and clear brand class levels, focused on mainstream prices, and precise segmenting of the market. The backbone is the “ksynchronous” k-post 300-600 sub-high-end price belt.
“v” is a strategic layout of 600 or more high-end sub-end and high-end price bands, which are supplemented by 100-dollar price bands. For the subregion, in line with the strategy of “diplomat upgrading, partitioning” the sub-region has continued to deepen its push for “opening up, v-strengthing, y-sinking”; and it has become more visible in the countryside.
It's based on the national origin of the country, which has been promoted as the backbone of the system, into the sub-high-end mainstream price belt, and has been nurtured as a large, nationalized monolith for the crystal sword; and on the national v9 focus of the triangulation of the city, which has taken over the high-end gold track.
2.1.2 Consumption in the world: Focusing on the wedding market, expanding the daily consumption brand of “The Constellation in the world” to focus on the consumption scenes of family celebrations, folk festivals, weddings in China, etc. In 1996, the company created the Consort in the world.
In 2019, the collection was further launched. The company focused on promoting the collection 20, strategic development.
A collection of 30, which guides the image of the world's future brands, captures a sub-higher market share, and the core, which holds a single collection of 15 to around 250 dollars in mid-price bands. For the "world's future" series of products, the company expands its brand strategy on the world's future.
(c) The product strategy, upgrading of products, stockpiling of daily consumption and commercial products;
Regional strategy: full price distribution in base markets such as LeAnn, focusing resources on upgrading weak markets such as the Sudan, piloting integrated operations in priority markets outside the province.
As one of Jiangsu’s old-fashioned wines, the Gou brand has set up a low-priced white wine market of $100 to cater for the general consumer’s needs. As early as the 1950’s, the Gou wine factory won the first place in Jiangsu's wine, and in 1984 it was in Gou.
In April 2022, in an effort to strengthen the flanking power and further enrich and broaden the company's branded moat, the company proposed a strategy for “high ravine revival.” In August 2022, the company pushed for an award.
A new product matrix of high ravine samples 1995, high ravine blacks, high ravine whites, full-scale upgrading innovation from wine brewing to brewing processes, with a better taste of gluten. For the "high ravine" series, the company insists that "the product is the medium, the product is the product."
The idea of branding is a shift from adaptive to demand-driven; team functioning, launching partnership projects, creating new distribution mechanisms for internal and ecological partnerships, focusing on process indicators and positive incentives, stimulating the dynamism of the manufacturer's team; and marketing strategy, using the term “hiring,”
The four main strategies are to devise innovative models for urban partnerships to share the dividends of corporate development with high-quality distributors; on the channel model, innovative terminal channels, cooperation models, online integration, embrace new retailing, and explore crowd distribution and precision.
Marketing, marketing through content marketing. 2.1.4 Products continue to be upgraded to enhance consumer brand awareness.
The forward-looking layout is super-high. In 1996, when the world's first generation of products entered the market, the price was set at over $100, and the Jiangsu market was at the higher end of the price, creating innovation and leadership in the 100-dollar price belt and raising the image of the world's future brand from the lower end.
At the middle end of the spectrum. In 2004, the price was $458 at the beginning of the country, surpassing the first line of names, wine and real estate, which succeeded in raising consumers' awareness of the brand of “nationality” to the lower end of the price. In 2018-2019, the company introduced the new “v system”, the layout.
High end price belts. v3 has 600 plus price belts; v6 kilometer price belts; v9 - high prices are between the bottom and the bottom, with the 52/42 commercial editions for each of the five grain fluids and the country's customers 1573. As v is a product-breeding customer, it is expected that the corporate brand will grow further.
Capability, high-powered, super-high-end blue sea market.
• In 2019, the national v9, v9-upgrade price ranged from "national" to "national" with a 52/42-degree commercial version for the five grains,
The price of $458 at the beginning of the world's "old Earth" market goes beyond one-name and real-estate liquor companies and puts consumers on the "state."
Brand awareness has been raised to the lower end of the price. • The world's first generation of products, the Earth, has a strong leadership role in entering the market.
Prices were set at more than $100, higher pricing at the Jiangsu court, and the consumer perception raised the worldly brand from the lower end to the middle end.
2.2 Channel ends: Group purchasing + two-channel power, deep-coloured builders 2.2.1 Group purchasing channels are cultivated, circulation channels are more profitable, group purchasing channels continue to grow and are strong.
During the period of the "3 public consumption" the company began buying from the government and buying the market from the public business corps.
At the same time, there is constant innovation and change in the group buying business, and there is an active multi-group effort to buy customers at the Fours Shops and Business Super. The nation has now become the standard product of the Nanjing market, and the consumer atmosphere is ahead of the competition.
By focusing on social resources, connections, there is greater stability than the channels of communication, and long-term solid cooperation can be achieved once a stable supply and demand relationship has developed.
The market can be priced, and the channel can be pushed. The company is moving in late, and the company is moving in late.
After 2016, as a result of the ageing of competitive products, the price system became too transparent and frequently priced, the channel profits were narrow, the channel thrust was reduced, and the company was given an opportunity to make a dynamic flow, and the company expanded rapidly through the channel ' s profit advantage.
Since then, the company's “nationality” series has made numerous price increases, increasing brand positions, while at the same time making timely and flexible adjustments to channel profits through measures such as the blurring of returns, increasing the profit margin and self-profitability of the entire channel chain, clarifying the distribution of the interests of the manufacturer, and successfully winning the second most.
2.2.2 Integration of builders to promote channel flattening and distributor optimization of “1+1+n” plants with deep synergies and price-control benefits balancing multiple interests, with companies initially based on a large-scale model. Changed to a “1+1” vendor depth in 2016
In the “1+1” model, manufacturers are responsible for marketing policy formulation, cost placement, terminal management, storage logistics, product distribution, capital turnover, etc., acting as distributors, and with the help of distributors' resources, they sink rapidly.
Each year, the company was further optimized as a channel model for “1+1+n” deep marketing, direct distribution combinations, and the manufacturer joined forces to support each other. With the continuous improvement of the company’s channel system, the company’s channel voice is constantly being strengthened, and the network of channels is being further sunk into the town and the terminal.
In 2020, companies further imported a “price-controlled” model to create a unified, stable and competitive system of price benefits, with a clear focus on the “price red line” of the product, which, through profit after-sales, motivated distributors to actively maintain and maintain market price stability during the epidemic.
The company introduced the nine-way concession to distributors, fully safeguarding the interests of distributors and end-users and creating a fair and orderly marketing environment. At the same time, the company eliminated regional marketing centres and promoted flattened channels.
In order to further optimize the management structure of the channels and promote flattened channels, the company eliminated 13 marketing centres in the province, organized six districts in the province, integrated formerly weak marketing markets into strong marketing areas and played a radiation-led role in the dominant market.
At the same time, the sub-provincial and sub-prefectural offices have been set up on a pilot basis.
With the reform of a division, the professionalization of the company's operations and the organization of its marketing are further enhanced. Companies, on the one hand, guide the growth of support dealers through logistics subsidies, staffing, mobile marketing incentives, channel-building, input linkages, etc., and, on the other hand, according to the strategy.
Development needs to be continued, through the optimization of distributors, the introduction of the Masters Programme for Optimization, the Star Management Programme for Dealers, and the organization of group evaluations of distributors.
Since 2021, South Sudan has taken the lead in the integration of v distributors, and the number of distributors has decreased. After 2022, Sino-Sutra and extra-provincial distributors have also begun to optimize their integration.
Figure 20: Changes in the number of regional distributors in the province, Figure 21: Number of distributors within and outside the province, Figure 22: Changes in the number of distributors within and outside the province
In the future, 3 points of view: Intra-provincial cultivation has risen, the provincial invasion has taken place outside the city, and 3.1 is located in the Jiangsu province, where prices are rising with dividends. Jiangsu province is leading the country in terms of economic performance and consumption of white wine is higher.
On a horizontal scale, in 2022, Gdp in Jiangsu province amounted to 122.856 billion yuan, an increase of 4.67 per cent, and in the last 10 years the cagr amounted to 8.42 per cent, which is higher than the combined growth rate of 8.25 per cent for the same period in the country.
High on the list, while the private economy dominates, public and commercial consumption is the dominant source of the consumption of white wine, leading to a rapid increase in the sale of white wine.
In terms of per capita income, in 2022, Jiangsu residents had a disposable income of $49862, higher than the national disposable income of $36883 for the same period, and in the last 10 years Jiangsu had a disposable income of about 35%.
The average per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol in Su Province is higher than the national average, with a per capita expenditure of $9590 in 2021 and a capr of 4.14 per cent in 2012-2021.
7.5 kg. The stronger economic base and higher per capita consumption led to a sustained expansion of the Jiangsu-bhai market, while at the same time providing a boost to the upgrading of consumption. According to the sugar and wine flash, the size of the white wine market was 13.64% in 2016-2022.
Fifty-six billion yuan, and with the effect of the new frontline cities of Nanjing and Suzhou on the foreign population, the future market is expected to expand further. Figure 26: Per capita drinking in Jiangsu town in 2021 amounted to 7.5 kg
Since 2015, the white wine industry has gradually moved out of the adjustment period, benefiting from an increase in the overall income level of Jiangsu residents and from business and wedding dinners.
The market in the province is dominated by sub-high-end products such as the "Blue of Dreams" system and the "Ta+" type of products of the present world. In 2017, the "Blue of Dreams" accounted for 10 billion dollars of income over the blue of the sky for the first time. In 2017, the "T" of the present world.
Intra-provincial regionalization was marked by a 38% increase in income from products in the a+ category (over $300) over the same period, while prices in categories A and below continued to rise. Nanjing, Sunan, open the ceiling for rising consumption, and Su-Su-North follows.
The market is more open, the consumption of white wine is dominated by commerce, feasts, and in some parts, consumption prices are moving upwards to $600; the market in Su is relatively high in terms of income, the consumption of white wine is expensive, but the real estate is weaker, the alcohol is more inclusive, and the price is now relatively high.
The ceiling was continuously raised from $300 to $500, while the North ' s market was relatively closed, with competition mainly from the real-estate brand "The Three Treasures" , showing high consumption but consumption, figure 28: the level of white wine consumption in North, Central and South Sudan has been rising incrementally.
3.2 In the province of Jiangsu, increased consumption of white wine and continued revenue in the province, with the exception of 2016-2022, where income contributed more than 90 per cent of the performance of the province.
Inner cagr collects 20.56%. For the local dragon-head river, the company is still catching up, although the income gap with the ocean river has been gradually reduced from 1:4 to 1:2 since 2011. There is much room for improvement.
At $300 or more, the two pre-world monolithics and the calibration of this price belt have developed a good consumer atmosphere in the province, with a high value for money and a significant picture: the income gap between the current course and the ocean river in the province has been gradually reduced from 1:4.
Figure 31: Competition patterns in Jiangsu Province, 2021 Subregionally, Nanjing and Huaian regions are the higher-lying markets for companies, with 23.68% to 14.69%. According to alcoholics, the Nanjing market has a capacity of nearly 8 billion and is the standard for Jiangsu.
One of the markets is the country’s famous cellars, wines, wells, etc. After many years of hard work in Nanjing, the company has cultivated it as its first strategic block market, a national highland image market.
In the Middle East, growth has been strong. In the past, companies in the "Yang Tae-Tong" region used to focus on "Tomorrow" brands, with insufficient dynamic development.
The South African region still has room for upgrading the product structure by importing the "state" brand, optimizing the addition of distributors, and increasing the focus on resource investment, while benefiting from the radiation-led Nanjing market, adding a low body base.
More than 70% of the market is occupied by provincial wines, such as poo-tao, and five grains and liquids. Subeijuku and Qingyun Harbour, respectively, are host to ocean rivers and tou-chungs, and companies are being squeezed and there is still much room for improvement.
Figure 33: In 2019, Nanjing became the first major market for revenue over the Huai An region, and in 2022 the Central Su region grew at a strong rate, in millions of dollars, looking ahead, with companies moving up from four to one, moving up from the V to the V.
The country now has a relatively high level of maturity in Nanjing and Xiaoan. The markets of Su-China and South Sudan are still in place.
In the long run, despite a slowdown in the growth rate, the growth ceiling has not been touched and there is no room for upgrading. The market has grown rapidly, driven by branding power, in Nanjing, and in the highlands of Huai An.
It is expected to support a steady growth in spending on four fronts, which will continue to contribute in scale and efficiency. The 300-dollar mark, which is the main price belt for the current entry-level business dinners and for the dinner table consumption in Jiangsu province, has a relatively rigid demand for consumption that will also support the high growth across the province.
It also benefits from a better physical layout and channels in the province, and it creates a higher rate of natural marketing after it is imported in the province. We believe that... the docking and the opening of the market in the North is expected to open up in the North, along the 100-200 price range.
At the same time, it fills the gap in the Nanjing market between the following price bands. Leatherity is also expected to take advantage of the nation's nationalism, branding effects and mature end-market networks to grow into the third, and then the Nanjing Xiaoyan region is active in nurturing the nation's v3, building a second-growth curve.
The pace of growth in Nanjing has eased, with companies promoting a shift of focus to v3. V3 imports are based on a higher local branding awareness, higher consumer acceptance, and smooth channels.
It's time to get things right, the whole price board is stable, brands are up, and there's a better sales climate, sales are going up, bottle openings are going up, end spreads are going up, payers' awareness of the quality of the product is going to be strengthened. We believe that from Jiangsu mainland City,
Bipolar, trio-based competition. This price belt is dominated by ocean river m6+, national v3 tight, and .v3 is expected to be a second option outside m6+, depending on the quality of the good products and the branding power of the state within the province. Regionally, the level of consumption in South Sudan is now equal to V3 prices.
The belt, the company is also piloting a national v-coalition model in parts of South Sudan, with the prospect of increasing the coverage of v3 in the South Sudan region through radiation from Nanjing to the South Sudan periphery, and continuously increasing the market competitiveness and market occupancy of v3 in the 600-7000 mark.
3.3 The extra-provincial “brand + region” dual focus of the company maintained a sustained growth in the size of its out-of-provincial revenues, with an effective out-of-provincial cagr breakthrough in 2018-2022, which was significantly lower than the sub-high end in other regions.
In our view, the structure and channel model of the pre-products limited the company’s out-of-town development. The company’s early exits did not lead to an attack, but rather to an out-of-town series of products that lacked brand power.
Anhui, among others, has chosen a model of cooperation with the big business, including Zhejiang, Anhui Bichuan, etc. Businesses are also known as wine dealers, operating a large number of products such as parchments, grain fluids, etc., which appear to be available on their distribution networks, but which are not very effective.
To address two major issues: 1) consumer awareness of the company’s products outside the province (2), and what kind of products to attack. In response to these two points, in 2023, the company set out its vision for development outside the province and focused its efforts.
On the brand, the "state" brand and the surrounding market. 1) On the brand, the "state" brand is clearly promoted outside the province, the long triangle co-editorshipv is the department, the "nationalization" backbone is the foundation, and the strategy of "start with four" has been upgraded to "start with six" and is aimed at high-end leadership.
The dollar/bottle has raised the price position in comparison to the four-fold, and is expected to lead to a new pattern of 600-7000 dollars of consumption, with initial results expected in 2024, which will provide a solid basis for rapid replication. The future branding of the nation will be based on nationalization.
Rebranding brands in empty markets and raising consumer awareness in six markets. (2) Regionally, it is clear that nationalization at this stage is the development of perimeterization, plate size, and the creation of 10 district markets, including the saddle mountains, date palms, Zhouguchi, Huzhou, Jia Xing, etc., that will be the largest out-of-town market in 2023.
Focus on price lanes, core monolithics, and core channels, and combine professional teams to speed up breakthroughs in the periphery.
In our view, in the short and medium term, the company has the genetics of wine, the quality of its products, and it has developed a good consumer perception in Jiangsu province, which is expected to lead first to radiation-induced sales in the long triangle and v chain. In the long run, for the company, although outside the province,
It takes a lot of time, costs, resources to grow consumers, but once it's accumulated, it can form a solid moat, which is necessary for regional wine companies to open up the growing ceiling.
The radiation-led stagnating growth; v3 completion of the import phase in the Nanjing and other markets such as Huaiyan, and the creation of good sales in the company's stand-alone, low-end national brands, are expected to expand further in the future as the company's sub-brands operate, with an expected rate of revenue growth for the special category of products in 23-25 years, respectively.
Low-end alcohol, which is expected to have a moderate or moderate increase in income. (4) Other white wine operations and other operations are assumed to maintain a compound growth rate of the past three years, with the expectation of separate profit margins, where companies basically keep up with income growth in their cost inputs, net.
A slight increase in profit margins. (1) Cost of sales: the company will in the future increase branding, consumption-cubation cost inputs and the need for extra-scaling, with a modest increase in sales costs expected. (2) Cost of management: benefits from efficiency and scale gains, management cost rates
The company has grown up in Jiangsu for many years, and has developed a good-quality, high-priced brand image and a relatively mature end-market network. In the context of the regional price escalation in Jiangsu, the product structure is at the lower end of the scale of income is expected to materialize.
The core of corporate growth in the future lies in the optimization of product structures and the further sinking of weak regions in the provinces. We believe that with the rapid release of v3, v is a series of low-priced, single-handed, low-priced, low-priced products that are expected to increase upwards in the booming chain.
Intra-provincial markets, especially in the Central and South Sudan region, have yet to reach the income ceiling, and in the short term, there is no need to worry too much about competition in the province, medium-sized 1) downside risks: the consumption of white wine is closely linked to the economic environment, if it is economically sustainable.
(c) Competition in the provinces is at increased risk: competition in the provinces, especially in the Central and South African regions, has increased, and the region has become more competitive.
(iv) Food safety risks: food safety in the white wine industry may be sold to companies 5)
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is required to present the report independently and objectively, with a professional and diligent attitude, and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author’s research views are clearly and accurately reflected and that no third conclusions are made.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.