A new start of 10 billion, taking advantage of the current peak, is the core logic: the company of the present generation has succeeded in breaking 10 billion in 2023 and continues to move forward, thanks to its effective and consistent brand, product and market strategies, and the current multi-dimensional competition.
In Jiangsu province, the consumption of white wine and sub-high-end price segments are both leading. The company relies on a distinctive branding culture that creates more “nationality + present-dayity + high-grow”
The brand strategic architecture, the success of a four-point-precision sublevel plus initial mispricing competition, the persistence of fine-tuning/gridized market tillage, the achievement of a strong north-south penetration in the province, which already has significant size and product advantages for out-of-provincial competitions, compared to intra-provincial competitions
The role model gap has narrowed, end profits have been maintained, and product matrices and markets have continued to advance, albeit with more than 10 billion dollars, but growth has continued. For the latter billion, there has been a steady increase in intra- and intra-provincial power, with clear and long-lasting strategies.
At the present time, the market in Jiangsu contributes to the growth space with the structural characteristics of the market, and the world is now at a relatively better stage in the life cycle of the product, with high consumer self-interest, price stability, and end profit advantages keeping the channel pushing. From a price-side perspective, the 1,000 dollar price escalation slowed down, 600
In 2022, the ratio of ocean rivers to the present world was close to 8:1 v3 and continued the practice of throwing feasts over the last two years, with a gradual increase in volume; downwards, the 100-300 price belt benefited from a wide range of power-driven and price-based competitions, which led to a wide range of power-driven, less-than-explored, empty markets across the province, with overstatements.
(ii) Subsidiarity, where companies have a clear advantage in mature markets, and where companies are currently expected to be in the province, The Worm of the World (603369): 20 to 30% of the endpoints were purchased in the first three quarters of 2023, this year the company will continue to invest in the development and construction of the V series.
Performance rating: Performance meets expectations, multi-products sales clients (starting 100w sales per terminal). In addition, at present, Quest/v3 is at the municipal level, Quakers/Liangya is at the county general feasts at the county level, and there are slogans, and the penetration space is still large in the sub-region of South Sudan.
As economic integration and human mobility continue in the province and the disposable income rises steadily, the consumption price in the north follows the trend to the south as reported in Constellation (603369): 2023:
At the halfway point of the 10 billion target process, the investment budget of the product is going up to the 100 billion mark, focusing on the 10+n market outside the province, the product focus on nationalism, integration, and strategy-to-manufacturing, leading to a shift in scale.
▪ Profit predictions and investment ratings: continuous positive feedback based on the ability of a company to track its product sales and to save the world from 2 billion dollars (2011-2020) to 5 billion dollars in revenue volume over a 10-year period, from 5 billion to 10 billion dollars at a new threshold, where the market is divided on many points of view about the future growth space and path of the company.
The aim is to analyse, on the basis of a review of the past, why the present world has succeeded in rising up to over 10 billion, while looking at the next 10 billion: how the present world and the ocean rivers will evolve, where the opportunities and the space for development of the present world lie, and finally, where investment proposals will be implemented.
One hundred million roads: maintaining diversity, steady playing, through differentiated brands/prices/channels, keeping up in-house refinements/regional grid-based cultivation, obtaining high levels of recognition from the country line, maintaining strong growth in the four main monolithics, with significant advantages over the competitive ones.
The economy is well-developed, with both disposable income and consumption spending on tobacco and alcohol being higher than the national average, with the provincial consumption of white wine and sub-high spot prices leading both ways. The company insists on the branding of “by-line” differences, with a four-point, four-point, four-point, four-point, four-point, and first-time price mismatches competing and stabilizing its output to the circulation channel through a strong group purchasing advantage, thus producing significant results in the Xian/Nanjing market.
Intra- and intra-provincial fundamentals are created. The firm has an inside equity incentive driven, external channels continue to flatten, fine-tuning, grid-connected, and a sales climate that is positive upwards, successfully achieving 10 billion.
Prior to 2001, the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Zhou So-ming, built a unique brand culture based on the branding characteristics of the world, using alcohol as a medium, a way of transportation, and a way of “chemizing” alcohol in the language, to move from “sale” to “sale” culture.
The core values of the enterprise are inspired by the creation of the Institute of Cultural Studies, the collaboration of the “Friendly Family Visitor of the present world, the failure to interfere, the fate of the present world, waiting for me” branding activities, and a large number of charitable initiatives for the benefit of the public. The brands are differentiated on the basis of their cultural content.
Three brands of white wine. 1) The country was created in 2004 to win the market's preference for the brand idea of "Big things come to pass" and for "Leadership Protocol" brand, and in 2016 it was repositioned as "China's High-end Medium White." 2) In 1996, the world's originals were created to be popularized, and they played "China's weddings" and adopted "Happiness at home."
"Drinking the world" brand calls into the everyday consumption scenes of weddings and weddings, advocating for "broadness" and continued occupation of the consumer's mind. 3) The high ravines are small in size, positioning them as "old real succulents." 1.2. Avoid direct competition, starting with price-fixing differences.
Nationalization is a continuous period of release and growth. 1) We expect national brands (which are classified mainly as special genes, with high-price belts up, and national v9 is the concept of “clean sauce”, which raises the value of the company's product up to over a thousand dollars. Based on feedback from the company, we expect the current size of the V series to be over 1 billion dollars.)
Revenues ranged from 10 to 15%, mainly in the Monument Series, which re-plugged the 700ml-sized planetary series of strategic new products in 2022, with the aim of reintegrating into the time of convergence with old friends. The product’s life cycle varies from one price to another, and competition for precision price mismatches in the early stages of development obtains market preferences.
At this stage, nation-building multilayered product sequences competed, but pricing competed wrongly, and the deal was as good as the bid, and the actual deal for the same type of product generally fell between $20 and $30, avoiding direct competition for prices. 2) As the product matured, market strategies and the changes brought about by the alcohol industry's growing focus, promotion activities etc., should
The performance of the former company's main proprietorships was relatively close to the bidding process, and there was still a difference of $10-20 between the sustained volume of products, such as v3 and light, and the bidding.
In keeping with the channel “Network, flattening, fine-tuning”, internal and external structures have been adapted to improve response efficiency. 1) After consumption by the 3 publics, the company changed from being a distributor to one-plus-one co-optor in 2022, gradually moving from a traditional co-op model to a one-plus-n-coupling model, which strengthened the owner
(ii) Organizationally, the structure continues to be refined by eliminating 13 marketing centres in 2018, restructuring 13 regions to 6 regions and establishing 71 offices (currently 74) to manage the flattening of channels; continuous segmentation of brand operations, established internally in 2022
Three Divisions (National Enterprise, V Series, World Life, High Gorge Marketing), matching resources through different channels and consumer outreach strategies, managed channel grids.
Government institutions, government agencies, have a deeper base of government relations. Under the influence of the three-public consumption restrictions, companies have turned to business groups, with sustained expansion and innovation on the one hand, and the continued use of culture for wedding dinners and party shopping in the provinces, especially 15 years before Nanjing's collection was cut into the wedding market, to lay the slogan and consumption base and gradually upgrade to a four-open, v3 penetration of the party scene;
At the same time, there has been an innovation in the field of group purchasing, which has been expanding the range of clients to not only large countries such as engineering, real estate, insurance, but also private enterprises, but also to 4s shops, village councils, health homes, etc., where group purchase points and consumers are better and more sticky than circulation channels, contributing to the continued growth of sub-high-priced products. On the other hand, group acquisition support is in place, and companies face problems.
The same group acquisition requirements establish differentiated delegation acquisition policies, clear lines of delegation responsibilities and staff incentives, maintain internal and external efforts, gradually penetrate channels of circulation, control board profits, and stabilize profit margins of channels. Compared to the opening of the ocean river, the company ' s channels of circulation have developed at a later stage, with penetration since 2015, and 1) the network density of the channels of communication has been low, the prices are not transparent,
Quick-growth phase: The company uses high-profit incentives for its products to boost its distributors' integrity in the form of non-constrained goods, high-cost settlement efficiency, and the company’s product lines are about 5 per cent higher than the competition’s profit margin and end-rate performance.) As the number of distributors increases and the number of outlets increases, the distribution channels matures: four-way.
While product prices have so far become more transparent as the channels have been flattened, as they have taken the lead in gaining access to circulation from the city, marketing has led to activities such as high turnover of products and a build-up of corporate clean-up returns, which have remained strong in terms of channel and end motivation; v3, less favourable than 2022-2023, is gradually moving towards the introduction of the channels.
Figure 6: Number of distributors in the company ' s province: Market advances: from north to south, the base plate is steadily expanding, originating in North Su, and has successfully integrated the two districts of Huai An and Nanjing into the base.
Starting with the cities bordering Huaian and Nanjing, the rapid penetration of Nanjing, in particular, has led to the emergence of a mature niche market in Nanjing and Huaian, with 45 per cent sales in 2022 and more sophisticated distributors in Salt City. The Su-China and Huaihai regions are among the fast-growing markets and have maintained over 30 per cent expansion for the past two years.
Figure 9: Subregional revenues in the provinces, Figure 10: Subregional gains in the provinces, Nanjing becomes the company ' s first largest market for sales earnings, with a share in the ocean.
And the company’s continued investment, high state brand recognition, a four-card 400-bit price band (within the standards for public use of alcohol) and the emergence of sales in Nanjing with the proliferation of core circles, while the company operates well in Nanjing channels, keeping the state in check, high-cost delivery efficiency access and the effective push of the terminal under the policy of continued high pressure on competing goods.
In South and Central Sudan, where there is a pace of commercial farming and where there is a strong start. The company’s initial energy is relatively limited, it is late to invest its resources in the South and Central Sudan region, and from 2016 to 2022, the number of Southern and Central Sudan distributors continued to grow.
Most of the previous period had been dominated by small and medium-sized distributors, with relatively small individual distributors selling less, and in recent years, with the growth of the company ' s products, especially in the Central Su region, which has maintained a compound growth rate of 30 per cent per annum over the past three years, with more than 100 regional distributors.
Figure 14: Income contributions from other regional distributors in the province (in thousands of yuan/homes) 1.5. The provincial sub-higher end is up to high speed, and the sub-high end sector is up to high speed.
Expansion and structuralization are evident, reflecting an accelerated trend toward concentration in production areas, towards listed companies, and towards sub-higher and higher prices. Mainly consumption in the Jiangsu region has risen from 200 to sub-high, with four-by-four precision positions of between 300 and 400, with a gradual increase in sales in response to consumption trends, Jiangsu sub-high-end expansion and company precision.
The company’s high-end price capacity provides an excellent base market for the company. We expect the Jiangsu sub-high-end price rate to be maintained at a 20% annual compound rate, laying a base for the company’s production of a large quantity of single items at the sub-high-end price.
The Gangsu Gorge wine factory, dating back to 1949, after the creation of the “Furday Constellation” brand in 1996, the creation of the world liquor company in 1997, the breakthrough of the company's revenues by 5 billion in 2020 and the announcement of the company's revenues by 10.5 billion yuan in 2023, has been successful in stifling the company's equity structure, fully tied management and shareholder interests, and its internal dynamics. The company's main management is stable.
Development strategies are stable and consistent. At the equity level, companies are held by county governments, but management and middle-level ownership of company shares, either directly or indirectly, combined with the company ' s equity incentive scheme in 2022, have strong internal and external incentives.
The v and Yam divisions have developed and the corresponding city levels have been raised. 2) Sub-scenarios have continued to increase the number of terminals of the V series in the province, with each end 100w mission starting and increasing the sales of contributions; the foreign product series has continued to grow at the municipal and sub-district levels, and the regular tablets have increased and the penetration space is still large. 3) Sub-regionally, the Su-China region has been able to rise up with the four-leadings.
In addition, extra-provincial strategic development, with clear lines of goods, regions, inputs, and a sustained focus on breakthroughs, will be important growth poles for companies to contribute at a faster rate. 2.1.1. Subprime prices have space: the power of multi-products is growing, and competition dimensions prevail.
In line with the long-term trend in the white industry, we expect a gradual expansion of the mainstream sub-higher price range of 10 billion dollars in the future. In recent years, the pace of price control has been effective, the price has been robust, brands have continued upwards, strong attacks, and the city and size have risen rapidly.
(a) Awareness of sales that benefit from the opening line, public consumption of alcohol, profit from non-profit competitions, sales, sustained sales, more sales from outside the province, and a faster increase in the share of open markets to 40 per cent + . (b) Lightness benefits from the driving power of the opening and price differentiation, and the provincialization of the vacant rural market and the acquisition of canals.
Passive thrust and consumer slogans continue to show good feedback on less elegant marketing in the spring of 24 years. Compared to competitive competitions, less elegant products are in advanced stages, with higher profit levels in the pipeline, which currently account for less than 20% of the 100-200 price segments, and are expected to gradually replace the 100-and-four openings with upward radiation, in particular v3, which are more competitive and build up the volume of high-priced products.
In the last few years, the company has been able to increase its investment by building up the number of clients in the V Department of Trade and Industry, continuing to grow the group, and in the short term introducing a policy of catering (e.g. two-for-one) to catch up.
At this price, the current ratio of ocean rivers to world life is close to 8:1, there is a wide gap, and the company’s high-priced products continue to speak up at the start-up power + policy inputs + group purchasing.
2.1.2. There is room for a rapid increase in the size of the market: the distribution end is higher than the market for the feasts, the market is more efficient than the competition, and v is expected to increase the number of the group buying endpoints. The world is in the province.
In the past, the company has maintained a business-to-business thinking path, a stable market personnel structure, efficient policy delivery, and continuous improvement in distributors and end-satisfaction. This year, the company will continue to invest in the development and construction of the V series of special sales customers, each of which has a $1 million sales value.
From the start, the share of the franchise is expected to continue to rise through policy support from the four-way +v class-led, exclusive customers. The market space for the public banquets is large, and the national line is expected to continue to penetrate.
The market accounts for 20 to 30 per cent of the estimated consumption, and the world's share of the market is in the name of branding, colour, and publicity, regardless of the market for some of the high-end feasts (e.g. Suzhou or Nanjing has a portion of the table that allows for the use of five grain fluids, m9 handicrafts as a banquet), and in 2022, the market was about 60 billion dollars in Jiangsu province.
In 2022, the market space for ordinary feasts in Jiangsu province was estimated to be about 14-15 billion, with a series of sales of national origin of less than 10 billion, which permeated commerce, feasts, etc., and with the introduction of other products to the market, the penetration space for ordinary feasts at the municipal level and at the subdistrict level was still large in Qi/v3.
2.1.3. The subregion has space: Sino-Su is expected to emerge first, Sino-Sushu permeability is strong, Sino-Sushu is able to rise up and start selling in the North and the market is expected to converge gradually. The Ocean River in the Central African region has maintained a high municipal presence, with 50-55% as of 2022 in the Central Su region (20-22 sales).
Cagr = 13%) The structure of the product has been upgraded to more than 40% of the blue sky and m3 crystal bottles, with the dream 6+ and sea blues accounting for around 30%. And the present world accounts for 15-20% (18-22 sales cagr = 23%) in the city of Su, and has been growing faster in recent years, and based on company feedback, the current presence in Yang and Thai states has continued to grow.
After the four dynamic regions outside of Huaiyan/Naking, we expect to grow at an overall rate of more than 30% in the past year in Yang and Thai countries. The Sino-Soo region is currently using the four-way sales to open up the area of sales, v of which are still on the rise and participate fully in the competition, and the market is expected to move closer to the North.
South Sudan has a large and permeable capacity. South Sudan has a clear historical national branding advantage, and we expect that by 2022, the South China River will have only 10 to 15% of the cities in the South, and the number of companies close to the South China River, which together accounts for less than 30% of the total.
The region as a whole is not particularly visible, and the company is currently permeating through the high-power-led influence of the Subeit-Sioux Middle-Sioux, which has a much broader scope.
2.2. Nationalization: Strategic focus, new layouts 2.2.1 billion below, further clarity on the strategy for out-of-country strategies 2.2 billion below, continuous and dynamic changes in the strategy for out-of-provincial areas, with less effective input.
In the off-provincial market, which was about 6 per cent by 2022, while the company itself was still small in terms of its own size relative to its own development in the past, the company was more in line with the consumer environment's dynamic adjustment strategy in the provinces, the branding campaign was made more in the vicinity of Jiangsu, the national and present-day series of brands were dominated by a lack of clarity in the capture of priority products; the anti-seas river 2003-
The year 2008 has been marked by a sustained campaign to promote brand names outside the province, which has infiltrated the ocean’s blue nationalization into everyday public consumption scenes. It has a low level of awareness, a lack of clarity, and the impact of resources invested.
609 (data up to 2023o3), at the 2024 conference on the development of the world, the company's management stated (1) clear strategic objective: to initiate the re-establishment of Jiangsu outside the province, to adhere to the strategy of the Great Raceway, the Big Single, the Big Customer.
The power and competitive advantage of cards is the nationalization of priority brands of national origin. 2) Strategic measures are: one is to focus on national goods, one is to push the other, the strategy is to move the other six, and the other is to focus on plate-building, which is “3 years of no profit, 3 billion dollars” of budget planning for out-of-provincial market inputs, and the other is to focus on “10+n”, which is a “10+n” feature; and the third is to focus.
2.2.2. Dynamic adjustments form the basis for supporting the expansion of out-of-provincial companies, with precision focus, and a solid foundation for a breakthrough in the markets of the Jiangsu and the Long Triangle Integration Blocks:
It's clear that the nationalization of the world's origins is a peripheral and block-based approach. From 2023, the Development Congress, Inc., identified 10 district markets (Kading, Ka Heung, Hu, Jiazhou, Mamoto Hill, date-palms, Lingu, Zhouguchi, Xijiang, Chu-hoon) to invest in priority areas outside the province, with priority regional targets continuing in 2024.
Based on company feedback, there was a lack of focus on the provinces in the past, which was under the authority of an office in the provinces and under the overall responsibility of the director of the office; in 2023, the company strengthened its leadership.
The company will continue to optimize its internal decision-making process, and it is expected to improve its efficiency.
Launch a six-way strategy to complete the high-end extension of the main open system. The firm's strengthening of the country is based on a four-way extension of the high-end system, which was officially launched in 2023 in the spring sugar sector, at about $800, to form a matrix of products that are based on a six-way, four-way, integrated layout, followed by the first-tier brand and participation in the industry.
There is already a part of the basis for cooperation between local and foreign firms to help expand the marketing path.
Promotion; signing of a strategic cooperation agreement with Begawa in 2019, at the heart of the country’s tradition, with a view to promoting consumer literacy, with a focus on urban markets in Suzhou, with a sales volume of over $30 million in 19 years.
3.1. Consumption upgrades the highland market at double prices Jiangsu’s economy is dynamic and consumption per capita is higher than the national average.
In recent years, while exports and the private economy have been affected, emerging capacity has become the driving force of the economy, with investment in high-technology industries continuing to drive economic development. Economic dynamism has created the soil base and upgrading base for the development of wine.
Intra-provincial consumption is two-fold ahead, with a better basis for consumption at the lower end and above. We expect the sales of white wine to be about 60 billion in Jiangsu province in 2022 (cagr = 10% in 19-22) and to be ahead of the other provinces. Moreover, the high consumption rate continues to push 300 dollars from 2017 to 2018, with the previous high end being the main price at the lower end, corresponding to the forecast for intra-provincial scale.
About 18.8 billion people (cagr = 20 per cent in 19-22 years, far faster than the average increase), accounting for about 18 per cent of the country's secondary high price of white wine, and providing sufficient space for the Soho Dragon to develop large monoliths at the lower end; and, in addition, to maintain a long-term bond in the white wine industry, a structural boom and long-term escalation in consumption, we expect a gradual expansion of the mainstream sub-high price bands to cover 10 billion years in the future.
Figure 28: Per capita consumption expenditure on tobacco and alcohol in Jiangsu is higher than the national consumption expenditure on food and alcohol (million yuan)  per capita consumption expenditure on food and tobacco
Figure 30: Growth of Jiangsu consumption: Regional characteristics: tiered development, moving from north to south towards sub-provincial sub-regions, declining consumption from south to north, the share of the population in the south and north and white wine in the south and south of the country
The size of the market does not match the size of the market, and the advantages are different across regions. South Sudan: 54% of the population in 2022, about 58% of the white market, and the land-based liquor market are in the upper end of the market. South Sudan is bordered by Shanghai, with a high level of economic activity, frequent business dinners, and a relatively high consumption climate.
With the rise of high-end products of real estate wine brands, high-end consumers, such as river craftsmen and nation v9, have developed and strengthened high-end positions, such as a dream that in the last two years in Nanjing dinner table.
North Sudan: 29% of the population, only 24% of the size of white wine, and the dominant products of the river’s present history are well-established. North Sudan’s geographical location is much more bordering on the eastern part of the country, Anhui, and so forth, and white alcohol consumption is high, high in numbers, and low in grades.
The demand for the feast is concentrated on 200-400 price bands, especially in the areas of accommodation, light security, and the inter-oceanic dream series, the present-day system of statehood, is strong, and its advantages are maintained. Su-Chu: 17% of the population, 18% of the white wine, more competitive in real estate, higher in the world.
In recent years, there has been a gradual increase in the share of wine produced in the province, and we expect that the world’s current history of the ocean’s rivers will account for between 70 and 75% of the total (50 to 55% of them).
There is still room for penetration and product upgrading, driven by the development of regional layers. At the level of consumption, Sino-Sino-Sioux North, Sino-Sioux North is ahead of the forecast for about five years, Sioux Main Prices 100-300, South Sudan.
The rise in the region’s dominant consumer price belt is not a one-off one, but a steady rise in the economic integration and mobility of people and in the consumption of people at their disposal in the province, with consumption in the north of Jiangsu moving towards the south of Central Sudan, giving the advantage to the area of alcohol penetration and to the upgrading of product structure.
3.3. The pattern of competition between the two provinces, known as the river, is more than 10 billion in the present world, and is characterized by a double-hatting pattern. The recapitulation of the cities in the period 2017-2022 showed that the share of the two combined cities remained at around 50%, with the share of the present world continuing to grow.
Intra-provincial cities and towns account for 31% and 19%, respectively. The remaining 50% is dominated by national brands of wine.
Ben has gradually infiltrated Nanjing, and is now more than 1 billion in size. (2) The fastest upswing in the province is the sub-higher price of $600-800, which has been promoted since the introduction of the Ocean River 6+.
Primarily, the $100-200 price band is currently highly competitive, and the main players involved are the Sou and the Moi Dynasty brands. Figure 39: High end of Jiangsu (200-300) competition patterns include mainly the national v series, the fourth and the opposite. We believe that the v series is currently small in size and the company continues.
At the v3 stage, the input policy and the opening of the blank web site are increasing, and v3 is expected to continue to grow at a high rate; at the same time, it is expected that it will continue to grow at a high rate; at the same time, sales will be strong and the provincial group purchasing channels will have a significant advantage, maintaining a rapid increase in some of the prices that benefited from it during the two years. 38% of the products consist mainly of national singles, lights, the collection of present-day bonds, etc.
Driven by a four-way boom, high growth rates have been maintained for 23 years and are expected to continue to grow at a fast pace as the booms and gaps continue to be laid; the diversification of present-day products into innovative and channeled inputs at the reception scene is expected to sustain steady growth. We expect the Tea category to grow more rapidly in 24 years. 3) Category A and below, with relatively low levels of product availability, do not exceed resources.
Looking forward to stability or a positive rise in stability; 2) Cost rate: As intra-provincial price segment competition increases, the competition increases in the market, especially the sub-high price segment, and the company continues to expand its marketing staff and wide-ranging cost inputs.
Guai Goon/Gon/Hong Kong wine, old white wine from Hebei, gold wine from Gansu, and Eliot from Xinjiang. Taken together, we believe that the company is still in the advanced stages of being able to maintain a higher strength and stable market feedback than the competition, and that the city’s share increases + the growth rate of extra-provincial contributions, and the visibility of future revenue expansion, considering the company’s competition or will be even greater.
Jiangsu’s economy is weak. Jiangsu’s solid economic base provides a good basis for rising consumption and consumption of white wine, if the overall economy’s driving forces are weakened and the impact on current firms is negative.
Competition has increased and demand has continued to weaken. The current economy is weak, and demand, especially for business, is still slowly recovering, and the industry is more constrained if the continuing weakness of the economy slows down overall demand recovery than expected.
Three major financial forecasts for the present world: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.