For the first time, this company has covered the report. For the first time, it's covered by the report. For the first time, it's covered by the report, for the first time, for the first time, for the first time, for the first time, for the first time, for the first time, for the first time.
In the present world, the wine industry of Jiangsu is located in the town of Gou, Jiasu County, Jiangsu Province, and is located in the town of Gou, where the wine from the former State-owned Gou wine factory is one of the representatives of the Gangsu wine industry.
The Department was listed in 2014. In 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $7,888 million, while the product structure was well structured and constantly upgraded.
By the end of the 26-year period, it is expected to produce 1.8 and 20,000 litres of fresh fragrances, Qing Ya's pasta wine. 2) The three major brands of “nationality” “the current world” “the high ravine” meet different consumption needs. The company has three brands, “national” branding the new generation of Chinese high-end white wine.
In the first three quarters of the year, the brands of the country were opened, paired, light, v3, single, of which four, v3 plus 300.
Retailing costs around $300, lightly, alone in the $100-300 price band. Dollars, raising the company’s price ceiling; sustained push v, stifling and opening up, pulling up brand power.
1) The vendor “1+1+n” has a deep synergy, with too strong a channel. The company has developed a system of deep marketing co-ordination, with full marketing control and channel management flattening and fine-tuning. As of 23q3, the number of intra- and out-provincial distributors was 479/609, respectively.
The company has a multi-subject and diversified approach to distribution, group purchasing, and distribution based on different brands and pricing characteristics. The brand is dominated by political and commercial consumption, and the company values the development of group purchasing and resource distributors.
Key reasons for this are that companies in Nanjing, Huaan, and the South Sudan region have individual distributors of more than $18 million. 3) The out-of-provincial focus breakthroughs have accelerated growth. Over 90% of the revenues in the company’s provinces, and as the share of the intra-provincial market continues to rise, the company proposes a regional strategy for cutting out vulnerable areas and weak markets, and for out-of-provincial focus breakthroughs.
In 23 years, the company established 10 priority sections such as the saddle mountain and date-palm market, 23q1-3, which accelerated growth outside the province, yielding revenues of $605 million, or +40.42 per cent.
At the beginning of the twenty-first century, shareholders in corporate holding recognized the significant contribution of business-level holdings to improving business performance, opening the example of business-level holdings, which, as of 23h1, to a total of 8.84 per cent of corporate executives.
In October, corporate stock options landed, targeting 334 company directors, executives, core technicians, and management cadres. If the full exercise is completed, all of the company’s current executives will hold shares in the company.
This is the case in Jiangsu Province, Jin Shui County, where the wine industry is owned by Jiangsu.
In the town of Gou, the town of Gou is known for its origins as the local State-run high-trenching wine factory, founded in 1949, whose production of high-trenched wine was ranked second in the fourth national wine fair in 1984, as one of the representatives of Jiangsu's famous wine, the "Su Goi I" river. In 1987, the State-run high-trenching wine factory was renamed the Jiangsu Gou wine factory.
In order to make full use of the advantages of local brewing resources, the Ministry has inherited a long-standing brewing power, and the new legal entity has limited access to the world economy, and in 2005 limited access to the world economy was converted into a State-owned holding company, changed in 2011 to a limited number of companies, and placed on the market in 2014.
Three major brands have been created around the culture of “belonging.” The company has built three brands around the culture of “belonging,” “worldly” “worldly” and “high ditches,” which are widely popular in the market, such as the one-way country, the other country, and the other country v3.
1.2 Realized control of the people's government of the county is exercised by the people's government of the county. As of 23h1, the people's government of the county's indirect control company, 44.72% of the company's business plans showed confidence and the revenue target of 10 billion was met. In 2021, the company issued a five-year strategic plan outline.
Mechanisms to protect the interests of public investors, to guide investors to the idea of long-term and rational investment, and to plan shareholders ' returns (2023-2025). According to this plan, a single year of companies distributes no less in cash than 30 per cent of the distributed profits achieved in that year; and the accumulated profits of the last three years in cash have been substantial.
In the last three years, 30% of profits are distributed annually. 1.3 Income performance has grown steadily, and profitability has continued to increase.
The White Wine industry has entered a new cycle of rapid growth in corporate income and performance, and in 2022, the company realized figure 4: net profits and speed of return of the company to its parent, with more than 60% of the company's guidance price and more than 90% of the output price.
Classification of the white wine product into a tera+ group (more than $300 for guidance on manufacturing), a group (US$ 100-300), a group (US$ 50-100), b group (US$ 20-50), c group (US$ 10-20), and d group (the rest). Corporate price belt of the whole class of tra+ and ta products continues to be released and product structure upgrades drive higher corporate income.
The income from products in categories a+ and tera is 29.55 per cent and 13.46 per cent respectively, while the income from white wine products below the Taia level is shown in figure 7: the share of income in the provinces is more than 90 per cent, with the Nanjing region, the Huai An region, and the Su Central region ranked third.
The Department’s share of income in the main battalion operations has stabilized at more than 90 per cent, with 92.72 per cent in the first three quarters of the year. According to the administrative region, the Department divided the province into six regions, including the Nanjing Region, where the provincial capital is located, the Huai An Region, where the company is based, and the Su Central Region, where the traditional advantaged region is located, have been at the top three levels of income since 20 years, with 22 years of income, respectively.
This represents a slight increase in the cost of sales over the period, a slight increase in the cost of sales, and a stable rate of management, R & D, financial costs. In 2022, the share of corporate sales/management/R & D awards and so on increased. 23q1-3, the ratio of corporate sales/management/R & D/financial costs was the same as the ratio.
2. Jiangsu White Market: strong consumer power, high-end competition between the present world and the river leadership, 2.1 River Su White Market, over $50 billion, strong white wine consumption, high mainstream prices, 51.873 billion yuan in sales from the largest and larger brewing enterprise in Jiangsu province, typical liquor-flowing enterprise in Jiangsu province
In 2022, the market for wine in Jiangsu was about 56 billion yuan (US$ 662.6 billion in the same year for the White Liquor industry). In terms of production, according to the Jiangsu Bureau of Statistics, the production of white wine in Jiangsu province was 21,000,000 litres in 2022, corresponding to 2.0 per cent.
Jiangsu Province is economically prosperous, and the consumption of white wine is strong. Jiangsu Province is a leading country, with a large and growing resident population, with disposable incomes and per capita consumption spending on food, tobacco and alcohol higher than the national average, and a dynamic regional economy that continues to generate demand for commercial alcohol.
Figure 15: Gdp in Jiangsu Province, Figure 16: Resident population in Jiangsu Province, Figure 17: Disposable income for Jiangsu Province
In Jiangsu province, the average per capita expenditure on food, tobacco and alcohol (in yuan) rose from south to north, with the main price rising.
The local brands have a strong position in Jiangsu province, based on the data of alcoholics, 2.2 the current conglomerates and the ocean's leading multiprices.
According to alcohol research, 61.90% of Jiangsu distributors chose real estate (which is dominated by the river, the current world) and 23.81% /4.76%/9.52% of distributors chose the wine core/famous wine series/other white wine brands, respectively.
In Jiangsu, the market for white wine in Jiangsu is dominated by the national high-end white wine brands, the poo, the five grain fluids, and the national cellar 1573: 300 to 1,000 high-end prices are led by two indigenous brands: the ocean river and the present world.
Figure 19: Prices of Jiang Su-bhai are competitive by price range: over $1,000 Main product: flying to Tiantao, Pu-V, and the national cellar 1573
Price belt: $700-1,000 Mainstream products: Dream blue m9, blue flower, gin, price band: $300-7000
Mainstream products: Blue Dream 6+/m6/m3, National V3/iv, Crystal Sword, Ancient 20, Watershed Boiling No. 8 Price belt: $100-300
Mainstream products: Sea blues, cross-borders, Trench Treasure Rooms, Ranquitos, Mainstream products: local wine factories, popular products: boulders, bull bars.
In terms of total income and profit volume, there is still a certain difference between the present world and the ocean river, and the net interest rate and the Māori rate are not much different in terms of profitability.
For the subregion, more than 90% of the income from the world economy comes from the intra-provincial market, with 7335/1332.1 million yuan each year, or 55.06% of the ocean's rivers. The difference between the size of the individual distributors in the two provinces is large, mainly because of the different channels of strategy used by the two.
In 2022, the average unit price of the current generation was 20.14 million yuan per kilolitre, higher than the 15.10 million yuan/thousand litres of the river, mainly due to differences in product structure between the two, both of which were better represented in the price band of more than $100.
As the company expands its business, the sales of white wine are growing faster.
In 2022, the company produced 4.04 million litres of wine, compared to 10.62%, and sold 3.9 million litres of wine, and in 2022, the company designed 36,000 litres of alcohol. According to the company demand book data, the company designed alcohol in 2014 was able to produce 3.6 thousand litres of alcohol and to produce 3.5 thousand litres of alcohol in real terms by 2022.
Investment in a wine-making centre, with an estimated additional capacity of 38,000 tons. In February 2022, the company issued an announcement to invest in the implementation of a project for an intelligent brewing-storage centre in the South. The project is expected to result in the addition of a high-quality fragrance prototype with an annual capacity of 18,000 tons of wine, a high-quality Quasi-flavorite prototype with an annual capacity of 20,000 tons, a semi-open wine storage capacity of 80,000 tons,
The pottery bank has a storage capacity of 210,000 tons: the company will produce 102,000 tons/year. According to the project, the new capacity will be built gradually between September 2023 and December 2026. 3.2.
Lei-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wi-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu is a famous town of wine brewing, with a privileged geographical location, suitable climatic conditions, good water resources, and a unique local non-reproducable micro-organisms that provide a unique ecological environment for wine making.
History originated in Sihan, famous for "The High Trench's Wine has grown from the ground to the bottom of the southeast." The company was formerly known as the High Trench Liquor Factory, which was branded the "old Chinese word" and won the Jiangsu State Wine First Award in 1956; ranked second in the Fourth National Wine Review Conference in 1984; and became a national technocrat in 1995.
The Governor's Office identified it as a national standard sample of fragrant white wine, and became a representative of Jiangsu's famous wine, the "Twig 1 River," which combines traditional techniques with modern technology to create quality wine. The company owns 53 old cellar pools for more than 300 years, more than 200 old cellar pools for over 100 years, which it mixes and grows with 100 years of silt and new cellar mud, and has grown through microbes.
In this world, the “old five” process is passed and modern technology is introduced in fine operations such as blends to improve alcohol quality and stability. Fragrance combinations, medium alcohol levels... form a unique product style. Consistency with modern consumer concerns and comfort after drinking.
The trend towards experience, relative dilution of the traditional concept of fragrance, the firm’s adherence to positive innovation, its focus on the integration of fragrances, and the creation of fragrances such as thick clairvoyant, Qing Yam sauce. The company is relatively mature in its low-level use of white wine, unlike some of its products, which are more concentrated in over 50 degrees, and more in 40 degrees, less tasteful and more adaptable.
Consumer habits in Jiangsu region. Figure 22: Corporate old cellar pool. Figure 23: Corporate smart brewery
3.3 Multiple brands operate, with a clear focus on products, and over $300 price bands display strong, multi-brand, single-focus, and meet different consumption needs. The company currently has three brands, from high to low according to the product position, which are in turn “national” “genuine” and “high ravine”.
For the sake of core branding, “China's new generation of high-end white wines”; for the purpose of disseminating ideas, the world brand uses the phrase “the world's futures” as a way to promote the concept of “the present world has its roots and forever” and to promote the concept of “the present world, together with the present” and to create a great crowd, a collection + the planet's binary system; and the high-line brand focuses on high-line light bottles, with a view to “life on the rise, wave”.
The company has a clear organizational structure and a separate brand. The company operates different brands in the Ministry of State Enterprise, the Ministry of State V, the Ministry of the Future, and the High Gap sales company.
Focusing on the cultural cores and the branding of differences, the company has created a well-structured and strongly focused matrix of diverse products. Three series of “v” “opening up” “Academics” are part of the national context, the world's leading “shelter” “plane” two major systems, and the high ravine opens a new process of high-line light bottle wine with new specimens, with different series forming on price bands and targeting crowds.
The “state” brand was created in 2004 to focus on “v” as the “opening” of the three series of “Academics,” of which: 1) as the main backbone. The “opening” product consists of four of the company’s first two monoliths: the sixth is located in the country.
The new strategic image of the re-enhancement of the price track, which is the focus of the nationalization of national brands, has not yet been promoted in the provinces: single lines have been growing with the openings and are now growing at a remarkable pace, given their relatively small base and the benefits of the parallel brand belts. K3, k5 are complementary to the high-end segmented market in the national context, and are also a tactical product in competition.
Results have been achieved and the overall volume is relatively small.)v is a strategic growth pole for the future. The “v is” priority products are v9 and v3, of which v9 is the company's original clean-a-sample white wine, which focuses on image-building, brand-building and rim-building, v3 sales, and channel promotion.
The main focus of the v3 is now on the province, which is also in the long triangle.v It is in the process of being imported, the whole body is performing as expected, v3 promotions and increases in bottle openings are evident, and v9 focuses on the suburban areas and so on are being imported at the beginning of the year.
It was created in 1996 on a high- and medium-level massization path to create a dual “shelter + planet” system: 1) The collection represents the image of the world's weddings, and in recent years it has continued to expand its daily consumption.
This is a typical representation of the image of the world's weddings, while the company is constantly magnifying the content of the world's world's weddings, expanding its celebration of consumption and gradually expanding to everyday consumption. 2) The planet focuses on the scenes of friends with a large capacity. The planet series was the first generation to create the world's own brand in 1996.
Core product, 2022, with 700-ml bottles of wine and "old friends" core demand for new product taste, taste and capacity upgrades to better meet consumer demand for high-priced cultural white wine.
After 22 years of brand rebranding, the company started a new journey with a new brand. In August 22, the company launched a new high-trenched specimen, which features a model of a high-light light bottle with a yellow and light belt, with a high-end image product of 1955 and black and white labels, both of which are preceded by black labels. As a new system, the company has an independent high-trenched sales company.
Weaving teams run. Trench brands have been growing at a high rate since their re-engineering in August 22, with Trench brands growing by 377% in the first seven months of the year 23, compared to 22 years.
In terms of brands, national brands contribute the bulk of the company ' s income, and the annual plan shows 20%/55%/19%/of the 10 billion targets for national v, national origin, and world-to-world brands, respectively. 3) In terms of large singles, the top five singles of the company were national in the first three quarters of 2023.
The four-way, symmetrical, v3 and single, four-way, v3 at over $300, retail at about $300, lightly, single at $100-300. The company continues to extend to higher price bands, pulling up brand power.
Dollars/bottles, as a major product of national branding and strategic upgrading. Companies continue to push for V as a strategy of upgrading and raising the corporate price belt. 3.4 Marketing around the culture of “connection” and building links to consumer sentiment.
Focusing on culture, creating differentiated and targeted branding with cultural content. This world has, as early as the beginning of the market, built on a unique cultural brand that not only sells products, but also sells cultural marketing ideas, and creates effective separation between competitors, better links with consumers, and captures consumers' minds.
The company built the “National Platform + High Speed Iron + Public Relations + New Media” communication matrix, which is high-end, multi-dimensional, and wide-ranging. The company continued to collaborate on major events and major events, which became the 2008-2016 Olympic Games, the World Expo 2010 United Nations House.
The Xinhua Society National Brand Project, among others, is designated for alcohol. Around Xinhua Culture, it captures the consumer's mind by means of a variety of marketing methods, such as emotional marketing, competition marketing, rim marketing, etc. 1) state-level positioning, and insists on high-profile fights. For example, in 2019, the Xinhua National Brand Project was the first champion of the Xinhua Nation's national branding project.
The launch of the Star State v9 was successful: August 2022, in partnership with the National Golf Team, it organized the 2022 State v9 Golf Elite Invitation Competition in November of the same year, which attracted nearly 800 elites to participate in the precision marketing of the high-end consumer circle; the 2023 China Fragrance Asian Economic Congress, “As a part of the way”
A forum for cultural exchange. At the conference on the development of the world's future in late 2023, the company introduced a clear slogan of “high-end wine, unique patriotism v9” and contracted the famous actor Hu Jun to become the v9 spokesperson of the state. 2) Marketing events around the “tin” form a distribution. For example, in 2023, the world's current brand joined Jiangsu in the art mix.
In 2023, high-trenched brands organized the "Clusters I'm Up High" shivering challenge.
Increased branding influence. Figure 28: “To an agreement called Fate” – The theme film d20 of the present world. 4. Focusing on vendor relations and management incentives to fully stimulate organizational vitality
4.1 Construction of a deep-seller marketing model, in-house farming, and out-of-town breakthroughs. Companies are actively moving to a distribution-based model of “distribution + direct sales + sales on-line.” Corporate sales patterns are based on distribution, with proceeds from distribution channels accounting for 97.93 per cent of the main business income in 2022.
Direct sales are made in the provinces of Jiangsu, Huaiyan, Nanjing City, Suzhou City and Xuzhou City, outside Shanghai, Beijing, etc.: Management of the business supersystem and large business units by the Integrated Marketing Centre: In-depth collaboration between online Qing Qing Xiao's Microbusiness City and the mainstream power vendor platform.
The company has a “faithful company, familiar with its business, capable of fighting hard, courageously” marketing team, transformed through marketing, using mobile visits, the manufacturer's “1+1+n” in-depth marketing, direct distribution combinations, etc. The network of channels is down to the town, and the terminal is extended to the public.
In its five-year development plan published in 2021, the Division focused on “clarifying the functions of the manufacturer, developing innovative models, ensuring reasonable profits for the vendor, continuing to deepen marketing changes, and working towards the creation of a community of fate for the manufacturer.” In the selection of national distributors, the Division focused on the acquisition of resources by the group.
The public sector is looking for distributors who have the resources to share, mainly by opening conglomerates, developers, and distributors; products of the world’s origin are mainly directed at the public consumers of middle- and lower-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-middle-mortality households, mainly for catering and distribution.
In 2022, the number of sales workers in the company reached 1214, and the number of sales workers in the company was raised as “optimal year of promotion for distributors”, with a complete system of co-construction, grading, long-term efficiency incentives, and a system to enhance the integrated strength of the company.
Intra-provincial distributors continued to grow in size, increasing their numbers outside the province and entering a stable state. At the end of the third quarter of 2023, there was a slight decline in the number of companies in the province, mainly by converting the limited development of group buyers contracted at the time of development v into a two-package impact. 609 dealers abroad, or 4.25% of the total, increased by 123.08% from the end of 2018, and in 2019 it was out of the province.
Figure 30: Number of corporate distributors (houses) The size of individual distributors varies considerably from region to region, and is significantly higher in the provinces than in the provinces. The smaller size of individual distributors outside the province is associated with the company’s different product and channel strategies within and outside the province.
The income of individual distributors in Nanjing, Huai An, and Sünan is significantly higher than in other regions. We analyze the possibility of a decline in 2022 in the area of individual distributors in the dominant regions of the company: 1) The district of Huaian is home to the company’s main base: 2) The region of Nanjing, the region of Sünan is economically well-developed, the government and business are active, and the distributors have more resources to buy.
This is mainly due to the higher number of new distributors in the region over 22 years.
In early 2021, the company released a five-year strategic plan outline for the continuation of the regional strategy of “provincial farming and out-of-country breakthroughs” to accelerate the strengthening of vulnerable areas within the province, build the foundations of the river farms, develop market classifications, strengthen staffing, and fight against weak markets.
To accelerate the development of the Director-General ' s triangle, building on the radiation zone around the long-triangular large strategic block market, to continue to strengthen Shandong and Henan markets, to build 500-70 million meta-level model provincial markets, and to foster the billion-dollar market, with a focus on Kyunjin, Pearl Triangle and Yangjia economic belt.
The company strengthens multi-brand, multi-colour, pan-channel, and region-wide fine farming in the province. The company emphasizes outside the province the leading contortion of a single brand, single track, single system of matter, i.e., the design strategy of the second-high-end master system, which is designed to raise the image of the brand as a strategic new country.
The company ' s outreach strategy continued, with accelerated growth in the company ' s out-of-town revenue, 2023q1-3 and the company ' s out-of-town income of 605 million yuan, or +40.42 per cent. 4.2 The governance structure is advanced and provides incentives to fully stimulate the organization.
The company began to operate as an example in the early twenty-first century. In 2005, the world was changed for limited reasons, from full State ownership to State-owned ownership, with nine managers gaining a combined 10% of today’s limited equity in cash.
A step-by-step increase is the result of which a limited number of State-owned shareholders in the present world, recognizing the significant role of business-level holdings in improving business performance and improving business performance, transferred 10% of their shareholdings to these nine business-level shareholders in 2007 and further mobilized the business-level shareholders.
In 2010, the governance structure was further refined by the limitations of the present world, extending the scope of ownership from the operational level to the middle- and middle-level cadres in management, marketing, technical cadres, etc. As of 23h1, the company ' s executive directors held 8.84% of the total stock holdings.
The stock options scheme grants a total of 7.68 million stock options to 334 persons. The incentives cover company directors, executives, core technicians, and management cadres.
The target is comprehensive, taking into account income, profits, net asset yields and so on. This incentive scheme has three durations for 2022-2024, and the conditions for achieving the right are to be met: 2021 is the basis for the current world profit projection, the main assumptions being as follows:
1) State brands: The total price of the company ' s products is higher within the industry, with the top five monoliths being brands of national origin, open, open, light, v3, single, of which four, v3, at a price band above $300, for zero, at a price of about $300, lightly, single, at a price belt of $100-300, and as the company continues to push forward, v is inflamed,
The TA+ and TA categories are expected to continue to grow at a faster pace than ever before, with the upgrading and subsidence of the system. (2) The worldly world brands: 23 years of collating the world's brands are expected to accelerate growth in 24 years, leading to the growth of the taa and a class.
3) High Trench brands: Good growth since the launch of the Guagu brand in August 22nd, competition in seven provinces 23 years ago increased risks, out-of-town expansion was less than expected, and food security risks. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, with a diligent and professional attitude, are independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.