The whole path of home-based electricists (I) - Heil Ji-man: Three Wings Birds (600690/sh) 070404
• The layout is early, the industrial chain is perfect, the three-wing birds are expected to break through, maintain the “buy-in” rating, the industry is now becoming a home-dressing industry, and companies combine strong, ready-made fabrics in their home-based electricity enterprises, and the industrial chain is well developed. We are expected to achieve the development of the whole business and the anti-breeding power business. We maintain the profitability.
• The garment industry has emerged as a major factor in the domestic industry, which has grown to a level of growth of about $3 trillion, compared to 7.9 per cent in 2017-2022. The whole industry has begun to compete at the supply side of the new dimension and has continued to increase its concentration.
The full-process renovation services presented to consumers have actually increased in terms of money, time, and quality, with penetration rates ranging from 20.7% to 23.4%, and there is still much room for growth. We believe that the core competitiveness of a fully assembled enterprise is reflected in the three dimensions of products, services, and channels, with the largest combined white power enterprise among many entrants.
It may lead the way to a profit-making model and to a sustained increase in the volume of winding up revenue. For an electric company, the layout is expected to pre-empt the flow of domestic electricity in a stock-competitive market and to set it up for sale, opening the second growth curve. • Three-wing birds are built around a three-dimensional branding strategy, service plus product plus channel three-dimensionally to build up a built-up competitive advantage.
Hal's three-wing birds have been active for a long period of time, and they've been built up for three years. Three-wing birds have landed with a great deal of success, building a competitive edge at the end of the service, at the end of the product, at the end of the channel. (1) Service end: co-existed by the client front line and the front line, with system support from the Heir mind 2.0, which combines homegpt to make the house whole house whole.
More proactive depth precision of intelligence. The nesting design and wing delivery provide a one-stop service that is distinct from industry online tools to support power. (2) Product ends: three-wing birds are backed by Hale, multi-branded and differentiated combinations and full-scale home-based electricity lines, and the share industry is recognized by consumers as a leader, offering customized scenarios and working with the home.
A fit-in style match, coupled with a group flag with a high degree of intelligence, Boloni, and a viewing show, 2023: a robust growth in performance, three years of power generation, a capability to integrate home-based electricity, symmetry, intelligence, embedding, prefixing, and later.
Easter returns are planned to increase the share of red – corporate information – combined competitive power. (3) Channel: Three-wing birds rely on Heil's mature underline channels and a strong distribution system that rapidly deploys multiple contact points across the country, increasing the number of doors and upgrading their numbers.
2024.3.29 Distributors conduct the three-wing bird business, distributors' resources and teams' one-stop service against the three-wing bird, single value, q3 income growth and continued profitability
Improved motivation of distributors creates a virtuous circle. Three-wing birds, as specialized scene brands and resources, upgrades - corporate update report 2023.11.1 Aggregation platform, b/c, for scaling up to build the second growth curve of Hale's think-tank.
q2 Performance Growth with Sustained Net Interest Rate (NPE)
The domestic garment industry is about $3 trillion, with steady growth and a breakdown of the software sector with the largest and highest levels of profit. According to Irey’s consulting data, the market in the domestic dress industry was about $304 trillion in 2022 and 2017-2022.
The size of the loading service is about 30/45/25% of the total size of the garment industry. According to the profitability data of the firms listed on the boards, downstream domestic service companies are the strongest, the domestic soft industry is in the middle, and the upstream construction industry is poor. Average of data reported in 2018-2022)
Real estate has gradually returned to residential properties, and household growth has stabilized. The history of home-dressing markets has been largely in line with the growth and decline of real estate, with industries experiencing rapid growth in 2000-2007 and 2011-2014, during which a large number of property chain companies have emerged.
The traditional home-dressing model has been unable to meet the demands of both the supply and demand sides, and the industry has started to compete at the supply end of the new dimension, increasing its concentration. As growth in the industry has become rational, on the one hand, consumers’ attention to the quality of the renovation has increased.
The demand for quality is increasing and the demand for full-flow home-dressing services is increasing: on the other hand, industry providers are beginning to think about new growth points, Internet home-dressing, customizing and dressing are emerging concepts that can lead to more product sales, higher passenger unit prices and more efficient flow, and industry is opening a new round of competitions at new dimensions.
According to the Chinese Construction and Decoration Association, the number of architectural and decoration companies in China in 2019 was 117,000, and the number of cagr in 2015-2019 was about 4%. (1) At the end of consumption, the domestic garment industry has long been in a state of demand and supply in the context of China’s rapid urbanization.
According to the “Customs of Consumer Insights in the Middle 2017 Country” report, which was published by the family, there were problems of “concerning that the renovation party had stolen the materials,” “the renovation budget was difficult to control,” “the purchase of poor building materials,” and “the search for someone to renovate them,” etc.
Numbers 1, 3, 4 and 5 of all challenges, reflecting the lack of transparency in traditional household models, the low standardization of products and services, the lack of high national awareness of brands, and the low level of specialization. In fact, as a large consumer, the design, construction, selection during the renovation process is time-consuming, back-to-work, high unit cost and long-impact
At the supply end, firms in the domestic chain are faced with a slow growth in the monolithic category, higher cost of access to customers, and lower price bargaining as individual buyers. (2) At the supply end, as industry entrants become more numerous, the flow channels are more diverse, and firms in the domestic chain are faced with a gradual decline in single-good growth, higher cost of access, and lower billing.
The qualitative reasons are, in fact, the large size of the domestic industry as a whole, the length of the industrial chain, the large number of players involved, and the fragmentation of traditional domestic firms, which results in less efficient organization of the three elements of design, construction and materials at the heart of the industry, and less efficient industry as a whole.
Irregular behaviour on the part of enterprises leading to the expulsion of bad currency occurs. Figure 5: Long industrial chains in the garment industry, large numbers of players, fragmented traditional firms in the domestic industry, and difficulties in achieving a high-efficiency mix of elements 1.2. The dress-up model has been effective in improving the efficiency of the operation of domestic services, and penetration rates have increased rapidly.
The fit-out model is a full-flow renovation service for consumers as the renovation companies expand upstream and downstream: (1) At the end of consumption, the fit-out is a whole custom service that completes the entire process of the fit-out needs.