Quick report on performance: loss of impairment of assets resulting in a four-quarter performance increase of 50.68 per cent over the same period. After removing the impact of returns on investment in the lithium sink industry, a net return to the mother is realized throughout the year.
▪ Four quarters of the company’s performance was lower than expected: 1) four quarters of the sales of electrolyte were lower than expected. We expect the company to sell 10,000 tons of electrolyte in four quarters, 10% more around the ring than in three quarters, and a whole year of sales.
Clients. But companies still account for the largest share of the domestic electrolyte, with 26% of the city, and are the main supplier of catl. 2) The cost of increasing solvent prices is higher. Environmentally and seasonally, the price of solvents has risen significantly in four quarters, carbonate dimethyl esters have increased from 0.6 million to 10,000 tons, and we measure the increase in electricity.
The cost of the dehydration fluids is around 0.3 million/tonne. The price of the electrolysis fluids reached the bottom level during the same period, with an average price increase of 5-10% to cover the cost, but the time lag in implementation has had a temporary effect on the electrolyte profitable water level. 3) The cost increases at the end of the year. 18 years of company positive and pre-drive projects are still under investment.
During the period, the end-of-year costs were increased and the company accounted for $18 million in stock impairment losses by subsidiary Ed.
Quantified material assessment: Stock Incentive Programs Falled, Trinity Hydraulic fluids Priced 40,000/t in industry, Lithium Less than 30,000/t, Electrolyte Lumps Bub, Electrolytic Liquids at present.
The head Maori rate has fallen to about 25% and small plants are in a state of loss. In the fourth quarter of 18 years, the price of the electrolytic fluid reached between 100,000 and 110,000 tonnes and is still on the cost line. Due to improved supply and demand patterns, the vendor re-evaluates: the electrolyte drop pressure and performance.
Tens of thousands/tons, while the gift material produced of its own, more than 10,000 tonnes, and the benefits are clear. 3. Quick performance of the gift material (002709).
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been funded by the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board