An equipment tap with growth reporting date: December 18, 2020. In-depth report for 002028.sz.
The company was created in 1993 to develop its own alternatives to imported equipment, gradually scale up along the industrial chain, and to re-engineer its growing product lines through M&As, at the lowest/highest pressure per year.
The fields of customs, capacitors, sensors, and power quality have grown steadily to the forefront of the industry. The firm’s equity structure is stable, with Dong-Ping and Chen Bang-dong being the founders of the company, and its co-organizers are the actual controllers of the company.
The company’s executives have long served the public administration, which is an effective guarantee of the implementation of the company’s strategic objectives. Corporate market performance (one year)
Efficient marketing capacity. Domestic operations: one-time equipment-oriented customers are predominantly grid companies, with 220 kVs and the following products contributing the bulk of the company’s revenues, and the company’s products are more widely recognized at the provincial and municipal levels.
Intra-market outlets have a relatively strong marketing capacity. Overseas operations: company products are increasingly recognized as suppliers to customers such as the European Power System, the United Kingdom National Electricity Network, the Netherlands National Electricity Network, the Russian National Electricity Network, the Italian National Electricity Network, the Mexican National Electricity Network, and the Indian National Electricity Network.
Companies now have subsidiaries or equity participation in more than 10 countries, including Brazil, Mexico, Russia, India, Switzerland, Kenya. Overseas operations have steadily increased each year, accounting for 1.35 times the country’s share of electricity.
Technology leads in tandem with reliable quality. Power grid companies require high reliability of equipment, and transformers need to meet a certain number of years of reliable operation before they can participate in centralized bidding, from the tropics to the cold and from the coast.
The reliability of corporate equipment in the Qing Tsin Plateau and the annual high market share of the company’s main products in the industry are strong evidence of the firm’s reliability in terms of the quality of its products. Companies have always focused on the continuous accumulation of investment in technology, with R & D spending remaining at between 6 and 8 per cent of operating income, and R & D spending is higher than that of their counterparts.
A number of core technologies, both domestic and foreign, have been developed at an advanced or leading level, making company products technologically advanced, low-cost, high-quality and high-quality compared to domestic products of the same kind. Future outlook: there is room for growth in company switches and overseas epc projects, and network equipment is expected.
First, the company is the power-for-one equipment flagship, which was established in 1993 and placed on the market in late 2004 as a domestic power grid equipment manufacturer.
A small number of private companies in a company, such as the national priority torch project, the New Technologies Enterprise, China's energy industry and innovative enterprises in Shanghai, among others, are honorary titles. (i) The company is growing steadily.
The main view is that the company was established in 1993 to develop its own alternatives to imported equipment, gradually expands along the industrial chain on a large scale, restructuring its expanding product lines through mergers and acquisitions, steadily growing to the forefront of the industry in areas such as high voltage switches, capacitors, sensors, electrical energy quality. Since 2018, the company has organized its automobiles in electronics, transformers, flowers and middle-pressure switches.
In December 1993, Shanghai Xinxing Electric Co. Ltd. was inaugurated in Shanghai, and in March 1994 it successfully developed and validated an online monitoring device for mine avoidance devices from abroad, which began to provide operational monitoring equipment to grid customers.
The Division's lead product, the ATM package, was successfully launched and officially entered into the power operating equipment The manufacturing industry, which in 1997 introduced the anti-disturbation medium tester, which enriched the company's product variety and enhanced its life force, and the sales contract, which broke out by tens of millions of dollars in 1997.
In December 2002, Jiangsu's high-pressure electrical plant was modified to create Jiangsu's high-pressure electrical company, which holds 49% of the company's shareholdings and 73% of the company's shareholdings in late 2004.
Founded in 1967 as a well-known enterprise in the field of high-voltage electrical appliances in our country, the company successfully entered high-pressure breakers, sequestered switches, and invested in the establishment of Shanghai Xing Electric Electric Capacitors Ltd. in November 2004, the company entered the area of electrical capacitor products.
The capacitors possess the supply performance of all types of capacitors in the superhigh-voltage direct transmission process, and in August 2004 they invested in the establishment of Jiangsuth Hezz sensers Ltd., which is dedicated to the development and manufacture of reverse current senses, becoming a technological leader in the domestic sensor industry.
In June 2007, investments were made in Shanghai Thought Source High Pressure Switches Ltd., which entered the gas-insulated metal closed-combined electronics product area. From 2019 to 2020, companies occupied more than 15 per cent of the national grid-based electrical power market, followed only by China Western Electricity and China China, and in February 2008 in China, where a major power power electronics technology was introduced into the electrical system.
In the field of applications, Qingse has delivered more than 3,000 high-pressure svg products, and more than 10,000 low-pressure svg/apf products, and the products are widely used for various components of distribution, such as new energy generation, electricity systems, Electrified railways and urban orbital interfaces, the industry, mines, metallurgy, steel, oil, ports, textiles, food, post, communications, electric vehicle recharge stations, cruises.
In February 2009, it invested in the establishment of the Shanghai Xin Hongxi Automation Company, which entered the domain of relay protection and smart transformer power stations. In 2019, corporate smart equipment generated only $540 million in operating income and billions of receipts from power automation head companies.
In September 2009, Shanghai Xin Communications and Distribution Engineering Ltd. was established to operate overseas equipment exports and lump sum operations. In 2019, the company collected $1.36 billion, or 21.32 per cent of the company ' s revenues, from overseas operations.In November 2011, Shanghai Xin Xin Technology Engineering Ltd. was established and formally entered into large-capacity storage capacity and distribution patterns.
In the area of power products, as of now publicly reported, there are no storage energy products in the company that have moved to the market. In February 2018, Ideas and Electric established the Shanghai Télémie Autotech Ltd., which entered the area of electronics in cars. In March 2018, Ideas and Electrical Acquisitions established the Changzhou Tungji transformer Company Ltd., which entered the area of transformer products.
The company’s solution in the urban orbital transport power supply system was improved by the limited public department of the Shanghai Stewardship Plant, which had a fully-owned subsidiary of Xinse Electric Co. Ltd. in April 2018. In October 2020, Jiangsuth Xuantsu Ltd. was set up to improve the company’s layout in the area of middle-pressure switches.
Since 2000, corporate operating income has increased from $7.98 million to $6.38 billion, an average annual growth rate of 26 per cent. Over the years, in the area of power manufacturing, the Department has moved from the early manufacture of an online detector to an integrated group covering the entire grid of equipment.
(ii) The company’s founders are in control and the equity structure is stable. The main point of view is that the company’s equity structure is stable, and Dong-ping and Chen Bang-dong are the founders of the company, who are acting in concert, are the actual controllers of the company.
The company’s executives have long served the company, which is an effective guarantee for the implementation of its strategic objectives. In 1993, Dong Yanping, Chen Bang-dong and Li Xia funded 40%, 30%, and 30% respectively, to establish the Shanghai Xin Electric Limited.
Tung Jinping and Li Xia graduated from Shanghai Transport University in high voltage, and Chen Bangdong graduated from Chinese Technical University (CUT) in high voltage with a strong professional background. Tung Yan held 17.23% of shares and Chen Bong held 12.63% of shares, and formed a concerted action by the effective control of the company; Tung held the post of Chairman, General Manager of the company, and Chen Bong Dung as Deputy Chairman,
Chief Engineer, two of the founders were born in 1970, in cooperation with each other. The CEO of the company, Jung-hoon, is Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Director General of the Planning and Control Department, and has been working since 2003 at Xingen Electric Co. Ltd.; Lin Ling is Secretary of the Board of Directors, Director of Finance, Deputy Managing Director, and has been working at Xin Electric Co. Ltd. since 2001; Yang Jinghua is Deputy General Manager, State.
The Director-General of the Inner Marketing Centre has been working since 2000 on Ideas and Electric Co. Ltd.. The founders of the company are rich and powerful, have a strong industry background, have a cooperative relationship, have long been working with company executives, have been well-developed for many years, have been innovative, and have excellent corporate governance structures.
Figure 2: Think-source electrical equity structure (iii) The company has completed a full chain layout of the equipment. The main points of view are: company high voltage switches, coils, incompetence compensation, secondary equipment and engineering gross contractor ratio in 2019.
In the area of automation, there is still a significant gap between companies and industry leaders. The company has completed a full chain layout of equipment, the switch-type products are basically high-pressure switches, the coil-type products lack transformers, the non-compensation-based product lines are the most complete, and the total engineering contract is the fastest growing in the last two years.
1. Once the equipment is more powerful than the secondary equipment, in one area the condensed arc circle of the condensed electrical condenser has started, building industry advantages in high-pressure breakers, isolation switches, combined electrical appliances, after integration into high-pressure electrical plants; corporate capacitors, sensors have been extended to ultra-high-pressure collars.
Domains, with great advantages in uncompensated harmonious wave governance; companies have entered the transformer area since they acquired Toshiba Schu transformers Ltd. in 2018. The company’s industrial chain basically covers all types of equipment once, and is the country’s most complete manufacturer of equipment. In the second area, companies have some advantage in online monitoring and testing of electrical equipment.
Although the company has introduced an overall solution for relay protection and power conversion plant automation, it has a 2.0 high voltage in the priority layout of the equipment, compared to the head manufacturer.
In addition to ultra-high voltage orders, the product covers mainly the main network and high-voltage distribution network. In this area, the research and development of high-voltage equipment is being carried out mainly by equipment manufacturers operating under the national network. The company has been working on high-voltage electrical equipment for many years.
(b) Both transformers and intermediate voltage switches can expand using the company's existing channels, and the company has almost completed the configuration of the first-time equipment at the power level from the distribution grid to the ultra-high voltage total.
The largest share of switch-type products was recorded in 2002 when the company established Jiangsu, a high-pressure electrical company, and its predecessor, Jiangsu, a high-pressure electrical plant, was established in 1967 as a well-known company in the field of high-pressure electrical appliances in our country, with high-pressure breakers and high-pressure isolation switches in 2001.
In June 2007, the company invested in the Shanghai Xuan high-pressure switch company, which is the company ' s main product, accounting for over 40 per cent of the company ' s revenue after 2012. Between 2005 and 2019, high-pressure switch operating income increased from 218 million to 2,727 million, with an average annual growth rate of 19.78 per cent.
The coil products are the traditional strength, the coils are the company's early backbone, the coils xhk-i and xhk-ii are the company's early line, and in August 2004 investments were made in the creation of Jiangsuth Gengez sensers, which further enriched the company's coil product coverage.
On-line products, companies have been lacking transformers, although the annual average growth between 2006 and 2019 was 9.8 per cent, but the share of coil products has been declining. 5. Uncompensated products are the most powerful.
The company deployed capacitors in 2004 and electrical electronics in 2008. The technical advantages of the company ' s capacitor products are clear and have been applied commercially in all the sites where the superhigh voltage runs, and the company maintains a higher market rate for high-end incompetent svgs and source filters. The company has a higher share in the electricity grid, new energy access, and the industrial mining enterprise market 2013.
The annual income from the operation of uncompensated equipment amounted to 870 million yuan, 5.2 times the 2008 level, exceeding traditional coil products and accounting for 26 per cent of that year’s income. The subsequent years saw a decline in revenue, with 910 million yuan in 2019, slightly higher than the 2013 level.
From the inception of the company until 1995, the mine shield on-line monitor was the company ' s main product; in 1998, the company introduced the anti-disturbing medium tester, the m2000 anti-interference medium tester, which was certified in 2000 as a new priority product at the national level; and in 2000, the company developed a frequency-combining test set to market, making the company a technical leader in the domestic electricity testing industry.
In 2009, the company entered the field of relay protection and smart transformer power stations. The company’s second equipment revenue reached (iv) one facility leader in 2010, with a steady increase in the market share.
The market for circuits is low, medium voltage switches are not yet marketed for products, company capacitors, sensors are in the 1st place, the condenser is in the 3rd place, the city is in the 7th place, the grid is in the 7th place.
In the online circle, the market for sensors was 22.29 per cent, ranked first; in the condensed convex, 18.86 per cent, ranked third, after Xinhui and Xu's relays in Hebei; in the electric resistance, 4.66 per cent, ranked seventh; in the capacitor market, 26.09 per cent, ranked first. In the switch product, the market for combined appliances was 15.07 per cent, ranked third.
The market for 500 kVA combined appliances is only 8.47 per cent, and the market advantage for company combined appliances is clear at 220 kV and below; the market for circuit breakers is 34.48 per cent, ranking first, of which the market for 500 kV breakers is only 3.7 per cent, and the market advantage for company breakers is clear at 220 kV and below; the market for isolation switches is 25.46 per cent, ranking first.
First, the advantage is clear. In switches, companies have a greater advantage at the voltage level of 220 kV and below, stating that companies maintain a greater technical and channel advantage.
Figure 11: Perceptive score (%) Figure 15: Portfolio charge (%)
(i) One time equipment is a traditional manufacturing industry, where the process is relatively mature, and copper, steel, aluminium, and silicon-to-silicon are the key factors in the cost of producing the effects. In recent years, commodity prices have been relatively stable, with little impact on costs.
The power grid is the traditional manufacturing industry, where electricity is the final consumer energy source, and the primary energy source is first converted to electricity, which is supplied to users through transmission, transformation and distribution of power systems.
A fast, flexible and efficient energy distribution channel that is complementary to each other, transmission and distribution of electricity is an essential part of the grid. Normally, the lines that send electricity from the source point to the load centre are called transmission lines, and the lines that distribute electricity in the load centre are called distribution lines. The equipment that makes the transmission of electricity flow is referred to collectively as a single device.
Cylindrical equipment, switches and other types of equipment. From the production process and the composition of its raw materials, the extraction of silicon steel chips, copper, ordinary steel and aluminium constitutes the main raw material for a single equipment.
Raw materials account for more than 70% of the operating cost of one piece of equipment, and the price of raw materials is the main factor affecting the cost of doing business. The largest share of copper wires, steels, aluminiums, and silicon-based steel in the original material is silicon steel, which is mainly used to make transformers cores.
The price of silicon steel has been reduced since 2012 to less than 17,000 yuan per ton, and has been maintained since this year at around 13,000 yuan per ton, following up on other steel factories in the country, such as the gradual expansion of steel and saddle steel.
The trend in the prices of copper, aluminium and steel is essentially the same, with three metals falling to the bottom of the valley in 2015 at $35,000, $11,000, and 0.2 million, respectively. The prices have been generally stable since 2017, at $50,000, $14,000, or (ii) long-term stability of the national network demand.
The main view is that NCN is the largest purchaser of electricity equipment, with purchases accounting for more than 80% of the total procurement in the industry. Under the influence of the price of electricity policy in recent years, the profits from the sale of electricity in the NCN have been declining year after year, but in a pattern of internal cycle-based developments, NNP market capacity in the industry depends on the size of investment in the NNP.
Medium- and high-voltage equipment is purchased mainly by grid companies, which account for the largest share of China’s grid companies. Since 2014, national grid companies have invested more than 90% of the country’s grid, with strong bargaining power.
From 2018 to 2019, in response to the Government's reporting requirements, the National Development and Reform Commission issued six successive documents to monitor the adjustment of the average business price of electricity. From 2018 to 2019, the average business price of electricity sold fell by 19 per cent cumulatively, and the electricity sector was expected to grow annually.
In the wake of the new crown outbreak in 2020, the State Department introduced a series of cost-cutting policies to support real economic development. In line with the Government’s report, the price of electricity was reduced by 5% for large industries and businesses in general, except for high energy consumption.
The net profits of the national network fell from 91 billion yuan in 2017 to 77 billion yuan in 2019, and the net profits of the national network units were 56.6 billion yuan in the first half of the year, representing an 81 per cent decline in the same year, while losses occurred in 19 provincial companies, while profits of the equipment manufacturing, finance, international, integrated energy sectors increased by 64 per cent, 15.3 per cent, 17 per cent, and 30 per cent respectively.
3. In the context of a proliferating pattern of development, the National Network will strive to hold the people responsible for the electricity industry as a corporate purpose of the National Electricity Network, which has been active in the service of the Party and the State workers for many years.
Make a big picture and fully follow up on the deployment of key central decision-making.