The company announced its three-quarterly performance in 2017. The company completed 75,362 million kilowatts of electricity generation in the third quarter.
(i) Water-absorbent camp growth loops improved in September compared to July and August, and improved significantly in September. The company revealed that in the third quarter, millions of cubic metres of water had been crossing the river in the Upper River River, which was 4.5 per cent more than in the same period last year. The company ' s production of electricity in the third quarter was 3.7 per cent higher than in the third quarter.
Of these, 32,782 million kilowatt-hours (KWh) were increased by 5.5 per cent in the same year; 2,3998 million kilowatt-hours (KWh) were increased by 0.7 per cent in the same year; 1.3 per cent and 11.3 per cent were increased to dams and the same year, respectively; although water was abundant in September, there was a slight decline in the company ' s accumulated revenues in the previous three quarters due to the low base in the second quarter.
(ii) Increased electricity prices for hydroelectric plants as a result of changes in the price of coal poles
As a result of this, on 1 July, the company Quantities of the company's right-hand bank power station delivered 0.25 points/degrees of electricity to Guangdong and 1.07 points/degrees of electricity to the dam. (iii) Investment returns have increased performance significantly.
The net return on the company’s investments in the first three quarters of the year increased by 944 million yuan, or 87.8%, mainly from the current year’s disposal of part of the stock. Because of the cash flow, the company has been actively investing in external equity in recent years.
The firm's performance is a strong guarantee of steady growth. In addition, out-of-business income is reduced by $1.808 billion on a year-on-year basis, and the external income is adjusted to be presented under the heading “Other gains.” Combined with the above factors, the firm achieved a 9.6 per cent increase in net return on a year-on-year basis over the previous three quarters.
We maintain the company's “recommend” rating. The main reason is: 1) the company is the world's largest hydroelectric market, 1st annual report on Yangtze Power (6009000) and a quarterly review.
The ratio of dividends and dividends is high: 4) in line with changes in the industry, and the opportunity for change is seized. The creation of a “power generation, distribution, and distribution” chain of industries, new energy sectors such as wind and nuclear power, the expansion of overseas projects, and the improvement of industries, may have a negative impact on the company's performance.