Prominently recommended (for the first time), long video X-ray ads X-new industry four-bit, mango super-media, state-owned Internet company genes, cultural power: Mango super-media is a content-coverer.
In 2021, a total of 1.36 billion yuan was collected, resulting in a net profit for the mother of 2.140 billion yuan, of which Mangotv was viewed on the Internet.
The frequency operation achieved $11,261 million, or 73.34 per cent; the production of interactive content in the new media resulted in the development of the mango mix with the link between Gotv and the Hunan Vigilance Platform, the promotion of cultural self-confidence and the formation of the “Construction of content - channel distribution - advertiser - member operator - operator - ip development - artist”
Brokering-music rights-underline landscape-megascopic innovation, the whole-industry chain of media that has been developed upstream and downstream, goodbyes the age of buff flow expansion, and the long video platform returns to quality content: “Loss-for-Market” and the past model of coarse development, advertising, competition in membership fields, etc., has become a thing of the past.
The advertising end, through the production of high-quality art and dramas, attracts a large number of high-quality advertisers, names, members, and members of companies who are actively innovating their members.
In 2022, the company raised its membership prices twice, and the size of its effective membership was still innovative at the end of the year, rising by 17%, and the side-pages confirmed that there is still room for upwards in the price of its membership, which is expected to rise to a "quick-valued" growth.
At the commercial level, the Mango supermedia signed a three-year framework agreement with the Mimi Goo culture under China's mobile flag in 2021, and both sides will continue to work on the 2023 Strategic Report on the Media Internet:
Recapitulating the overseas recovery path, focusing on the marginal restoration industry, strategic collaboration of $3.5 billion, with clear advantages in building large screen rings, multiscreen connections, content distribution, etc., and increasing the performance of listed companies.
"The Spring Films of The Media" are opening and recovering from the epidemic. Multi-industrial innovation is a new trend in the industry. ip joins forces to build the growth poles of the harvest: early placements, interactive dramas, script killings, escape from the secret room, Woncos, nft digital collections.
"Memorial" games are expected to be regularized, plated, open the growth space, consolidate the entertainment pip resource, synergize the use of the resource, push the platform online for "Memorial" games number to go down again, focus on spring +
In the post-epidemiology era, it is expected to expand through the under-line shop, explore new ways for electricity suppliers, and build a commercial closed-door for content plus video plus electricity dealers: a mangler.