The lead is stable and superior to the industry, and energy-saving emission reductions continue to lead the industry.
\triangleright 2024q1 \triangleright 2024q1 was affected by rainfall, weak real estate investments, insufficient capital projects and inadequate downstream demand. 2024q1 national cement production, 336.84 million tons in absolute terms, according to the National Statistical Office.
16.28 per cent. The discrepancy between supply and demand is further exacerbated, with 2024q1 national average cement prices of 362 yuan/tonne, corresponding to 15.40 per cent, and corporate cement volume pressure synchronizing with industry, resulting in a fall in revenues and profits. However, the cost of benefits is expected to fall by the same margin (2024q1 Qing Tang Harbour (q5500) at a flat price of 907 yuan/t, corresponding to 20.03 per cent).
And the structural support of bone and overseas operations, with the Māori rate rising by 1.25 pct on the same scale. Industry profits are further explored, and according to the published quarterly report, Fujian Cement suffered a loss of 85 million, Eastwater losses 1.1 billion, mud losses of about 9 million, and listed companies are generally under pressure, and industry is estimated to be the same.
Lower revenue resulted in reduced amortization of costs during the period \triangleright Capital Expenditure Plan slowing down, overseas and “cement+” operations
Net operating cash flows at the end of the quarter at $160 million, final currency at $66.3 billion, transactional financial assets 2. Conch Cement (600585.sh) 3rd quarter 2023 3. Conch Cement (600585.sh) 62023 semi-annual report
Remark: The bottom of the industry is still profitable, the building materials are high-valued, the infrastructure ring is expected to improve, and the supply side is expected to face a tightening of carbon emissions \triangleright
4. Sea conch cement (600585.sh) is reported in 2022: billions of yuan; it is proposed to issue ultra-permanent special national debt for several consecutive years starting this year, specifically for major strategic purposes in the country.
On April 17, Yunnan revealed that “The current state of weak cement demand at the base of the month’s foundation is expected to improve gradually.
The short-term demand side requires a policy-driven and internal weakness, and we believe that the cement industry is focused on the supply side, the industry is over-safely marginalized by 2022/08/26 property, the industry’s demand is expected to stabilize, and the supply-demand relationship is expected to improve.
\triangleright Investment Proposal: The current cement industry is in a relative bottom position, firm leadership, competitive advantage \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.