Quarterly review 2024: Cement flooring, corporate conglomerate, 30th of April 2024.
q1 battalion revenue fell by 32.1 per cent and is expected to suffer mainly from falling cement prices, cost controls are clear, and cement profits are historically low. (1) The demand for cement has fallen since the beginning of the year beyond expectations, q1 country-wide cement production has fallen by 11.8 per cent compared to the previous year, and supply-demand tensions have led to increased competition in the market and cement prices.
The q1 company is expected to have a certain range of cement volume prices below seasonal patterns, mainly due to a decline in the share of low-mori trading operations, and we measure or maintain a basic stability in the ratio of cement tons. (3) The total cost of the company q1 fell by 10.3% over the period, reflecting cost control.
The net interest rate for company q1 sales is 7.0 per cent, which is clearly better than the industry as a whole, the net interest rate for sales falls by 1.5 pct and the ring rises by 3.0 pct, and we measure that the net profit for q1 tons of cement has benefited from a certain improvement in the cost-control ring, but it is still historically low.
▪ Lower industry capital expenditure slowed down and debt ratios stabilized. (1) Company q1 operated net cash flows of $160 million, representing a 94.9 per cent decline in comparison with the previous period, mainly due to a decline in profits and an increase in the balance of notes receivable. (2) q1 purchases fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets.
The pace of capital spending, such as mining rights acquisition, project construction, etc., is slowing. (3) The company reports that assets are or will continue to be built down in the cement industry in the first quarter, and the extension of the industry chain is expected to create a new growth point.
The quasi-fiscal instruments are expected to be more robust, and the financial front-loaded capital investment is expected to continue at a high rate, but they are still awaiting further transmission to physical demand.
The winding down of the kilns, but with the influence of cross-regional mobility and enterprise market strategies, the industry competes or will repeat itself, commenting: Cement profits continue to be under pressure, the industry chain expands, the industry climate will continue to be low, but it also offers opportunities for further market integration.
The expected additional bone production capacity of 25.5 million tons a year, the commodity concrete production capacity of 7.2 million cubic metres, and the osteoporosis of the osteoporosis will maintain a steady expansion and internationalization will be steady, with the prospect of a new growth point.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Cement company net rate valuation at the bottom of history, double carbon, environmental valuation: q3 profit exploration, waiting for macro-policy development, medium- and long-term supply-side clean-up. Companies as cement taps raise costs in the next industry period.
A combination of competitive advantages, leading by extension of the industrial chain, internationalization and the creation of new growth points for companies that drive demand back to warm and rewind.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.