The restructuring of the organizational structure has contributed to the development of the gold business and the digital transformation of the Chinese Bank (601988.sh)
Recently, the Bank of China has undertaken organizational restructuring of individual financial operations.
The core elements of the reform of the structure of the China-China gold line are mainly related to the integration of the three former sectors, Zhang 1st Lai — the Ministry of Personal Finance, the Ministry of Cyber Finance and the Ministry of the Management of Wealth and Private Banking.
The Ministry of Personal Digital Finance and the Ministry of Consumer Finance are two new sectors. Among them, the Ministry of Personal Digital Finance assumes the responsibilities of the former Ministry of Network Finance, with the exception of Chinese and Chinese e-credit, and the former Ministry of Personal Finance, with the exception of individual credit.
We believe that the restructuring of the structure of the organization is based on the creation of two new departments that focus on the needs of their clients.
The aim is to catch up with opportunities for upgrading consumption and financial and technological development, to increase the distribution of retail operations, and to promote technology-led development strategies. Drawing on overseas experience, the adjustment based on changing market environments and centred on customer demand can enhance customer stickyness, promote market share growth, and achieve differentiated competitive advantages.
For example, the organizational structure until 2010 was divided into investment banks, transactions and self-financing, and asset management and securities services.
Through the continuous restructuring of the organizational structure, the Goldman Sachs Group has maintained a long-term leadership in the area of institutional clients and increased investment in industry finance and technology, with the Chinese restructuring of the organizational structure as a necessary requirement for adaptation to changing market environments and changing business patterns in the industry.
2. Integration of the functions of the individual financial and consumer financial sector, contributing to the development of retail trade; macroeconomic pressure, low market interest rates, high pressure on the size of bank lending and the increase in net interest differentials, and the risk of a deterioration in asset quality. At the same time, China is facing a risk of deterioration in the quality of its assets.
The shift in power from economic growth, technology and services will underpin sustained economic growth, and in the future our financial situation will change, increasing the share of direct financing will become imperative, further increasing banks’ pressure on public services. Retail operations, dominated by private loans, are less affected by the economic cycle and receive less than public services.
High rates of profit and relatively robust asset quality have many advantages. It is a priority business leader in the current banking layout, with a sustained optimization of the middle-class asset-end structure, a higher share of retail operations, and a robust growth in netting interest, taking into account the current market benefits.
By increasing the distribution of retail operations, companies can maintain the stability of net interest differentials. At the same time, middle-level operations such as wealth management, private banking, etc., are expected to benefit from the integration and integrated management of individual financial-related functions.
(c) Digitalization is in line with the growth of the industry, with the financial and technological enablement to improve efficiency, which is an important means of enabling the transformation of banking operations. In recent years, with the Internet and new and emerging sections,
Technology, commercial banks are faced with changes in customer demand and competition from external financial technology companies, and business models are in urgent need of change. Some domestic and foreign banks, with strong capital inputs, leading science, technology, innovation, and mature business systems, have largely digitized and optimized their operations, with the help of science and technology.
Examples include the Marcus platform of the Goldman Sachs Group and the Financial Technology 3.0 of Merchant Banks. In recent days, the Central Bank has published the Fintech Development Plan (2019-2021), which calls for “further strengthening of the Financial Industry Section”.
Technology applications, deep integration of finance and technology, coordinated development, and a marked increase in the satisfaction of the population with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services. As policy support increases, the importance and urgency of financial and technological transformation increases.
The full digitalization of companies will further enhance the competitiveness of retail operations and promote levels of profitability. Through the formation of the Personal Digital Finance Department, the company will be able to root its digitalized genes into the whole product, process, area, online, personal financial operations and information technology.
In parallel, companies set up the Personal Digital Finance Department as the lead department for personal operations, in line with business trends and the call of the National Financial Science and Technology Strategy to put digital concepts and financial science and technology into production.
Companies are one of the country’s major players, with strong capital and a further increase in personal financial revenue. The product-side structure continues to be optimized, with retail operations rising; and debt-end deposits are high and cost advantages are evident.
The restructuring of the organizational structure supports the development of personal financial operations and the digital transformation, with a positive increase in profitability. In combination with firm fundamentals and equity elasticity, we give a “recommended” rating that predicts that the organizational restructuring has not been as effective as expected.