Launching industry plc, opening up a new growth space, bovine software (600845.sh)  industrial software tap, deep benefit intelligence to create a high-profile view.
The company is the only supplier of industrial software and cloud services under China’s Bo Wu banner, with deep technical and resource barriers. In the midst of the build-up of smart manufacturing, we look at the expansion of the company’s product lines and applications as fast as possible: the release of demand for the benefit of smart manufacturing, and the continuous proliferation of shareholder-led products.
On the one hand, building on the foundation laid by the “doubt” development of the steel industry, the intelligent manufacturing support industry was transformed to benefit from the release of a new plc product on 26 July of the year, which covered the entire layer of the o-l5.
Listed companies can gradually develop outside the group or in other areas by grinding the product through the line of production or enterprise within the priority service group.
In July 2021, Bo-Sin obtained an additional target of 3,000 cabinets in Shanghai, and with the start of the delivery of the new cabinet target and Bo-Sun Five, the idc operation is expected to perform in 2022. Taking into account the company’s resource endowment and cost-control advantages, a purely self-constructed, self-operated business model is adopted through “orders first, build later”
In addition, the company’s design firm, Maisan, is a professional design team in the idc area, which has been well regulated from the start of construction, and has achieved a Māori rate of almost 45% for idc operations by reducing the costs of capex and opex, which is higher than for the same wholesale enterprise.
Corporate Information Update - h1 Performance Over-expected, • Point 3: Follow-in-the-way information is well-in-hand, benefiting from track smart development, steel information demand is high 2021.7.1
Taking advantage of the industry landscape and corporate competitive advantage, since 2020 companies have won several tens of millions, if not hundreds, of track scores.
The company has a fully-owned whole-store solution and rich experience in project delivery, realization and start-up - 2020.11.5.
Multi-Track Group in-depth collaboration, hands-on core client resources. Corporate Information Update - Treasure Letter software (600845) performance continues to grow, idc+
Bosin Software: Conveyors, pioneers in the metallurgical industry, 1.1. Content development + extension acquisition, two-wheel-drive company revenue growth on a continuous basis. The company has sunk for 40 years and ended up as an invisible champion of the intelligent manufacturing industry.
Industrial software and cloud service providers, formerly the Bounty and Steel Automated Sector, established in 1978. Since its listing in 2001, the company has grown into a leading domestic intelligent manufacturing industry, with downstream applications in steel, transport, medicine, etc.
China’s BMW is a real controlr, and China’s strong shareholder has a strong corporate background to help fly. The company’s first shareholder is BMW, with 50.15% of the stock as of 2021q1; it is controlled by China’s BMW, which is the world’s first steel production that has broken the “billion” mark.
From 2016 to 2020, the company’s performance grew at a high rate, rising from 39.60 to 39.60, and we believe that strong corporate performance has benefited from the high profile of the intelligent manufacturing industry, the strong technological power of the company, and the growing power of the company.
In 2016-2021q1, the company’s Māori rate rose steadily, from a build-up technology. Benefiting from a recovery in Māori rates and a contraction in rates, the company’s profits are being repaired continuously, with net interest rates rising from 9.22%.
Industrial software development is the company’s core business, with a strong performance. Corporate ownership includes software development, business development primarily to meet client information, automation, intelligence needs, corporate core business with a steady income share.
In 2018, along with China’s BMW merger rhythm and the continued growth of intelligent manufacturing, corporate software development revenues increased significantly, reaching 38.11%, and cagr. Figure 6: Software development, service outsourcing, two-wheel drive (billion yuan) since 2016
Figure 7: Growth in revenue from software development operations since 2018 (%) 1.2. Companies have mastered core technology, developed in-depth intelligent manufacturing. Self-researching capabilities of companies continue to improve, building technological barriers.
Industrial software such as plc, scada, and erp are subject to core patents and technological barriers. In recent years, companies have also made breakthroughs in the fields of orbital transport intelligence, industrial Internet, and have created solid business expansions, corporate product matrices have been enriched and applications have continued to expand.
The company released a new plc product on July 26, 2021, which covers the entire area of the l0-l5 floor and serves as the provider of the overall intelligent manufacturing solutions for the metallurgical industry.
The company started with steel information, expanding to other industries, such as pharmaceuticals, energy, orbital transport, and equipment manufacturing.
At the end of the year, the company xin3plat platform was connected to 352+million industrial equipment, 1600+ industrial models, and 3900+ cloudy software and app 3900+ industry, which is in the forefront of the country.
2.1 billion races, with an increase in the penetration rate and a replacement of Chinese industrial software market of around 200 billion yuan and a world-wide surge in speed. From 2012 to 2020, the global industrial software industry grew steadily, from $28.5 billion to $43.58 billion, or 5.45 per cent, of cagr.
Although industry accounted for a smaller share of the global economy, from 7 per cent in 2020, the domestic industrial software market grew faster, from 470 million yuan in 2012 to about 19.65 per cent in 2020, with Chinese information management and production control industrial software accounting for about 17 per cent each year, as the Sadie think tank is currently the only one.
The corresponding figures for 2018 are published, assuming a relatively fixed ratio, which corresponds to the market size of 2020 by about $34 billion. Of the production control software, Mes is the largest market, accounting for 28.97 per cent in 2018, assuming a fixed 17 per cent share is estimated to be about $10 billion in 2020.
There is still much room for penetration of the operational management software, e.g., software for production control. For the former manufacturing industry, the penetration rate has been relatively high, at 60%. The conflicting demand and supply of industrial software for production control remains striking: business demand for efficiency reduction is pressing; penetration is relatively low, at 22% for mes, scada.
Only 17%. We believe that the future industry is expected to accelerate the process of informationization of the manufacturing chain represented by the mes, moving towards phase 4.0 of industry, with a strong demand boom.
Some industrial software manufacturers have accumulated some products and customers, but at this stage national production substitution is taking place mainly in the area of operational management, where R & D design, production control import dependence is still high, with national production rates of 5% and 50%, respectively.
Industrial software is the product and customer advantage. Industrial software is the crystallization of software technology and industrial knowledge, with high industry barriers. Industrial software like Treasure Software, based on a strong shareholder background, has pre-existing advantages in product types and customer resources.
The technology is made from the bottom automation equipment to the top-level workshop, and the software, and the track information, is expanded to the upper-level workshop. The software, for its part, is based on the steel sector. The software, for its clients, is based on the chemical industry, the chemical industry, and the electronics industry. The software is based on automobiles, the electronics industry.
2.2. Business needs are urgent and policy-based, helping to accelerate the start-up of the industry, and we believe that smart manufacturing needs and policy responses are conducive to rapid growth of industrial software. On the demand side, at the micro level, smart manufacturing has a significant role to play in bringing down the downside to meet the immediate needs of the enterprise; on the macro level, smartness.
On the policy front, a policy shift from 2020 to 2020 has contributed to keeping the industry at a high level. Smart manufacturing has shown significant efficiency gains, contributing to the accelerated penetration of industrial software.
For example, 305 pilot smart manufacturing demonstration projects, which have been modified before and after, with an average increase in production efficiency of 37.6 per cent and an average increase in energy utilization of 16.1 per cent; an average reduction in operating costs of 21.2 per cent, a 30.8 per cent reduction in product development cycles and an average 25.6 per cent reduction in product failure rates, we believe that the outstanding benefits of smart manufacturing are industry.
Smart manufacturing is a necessary way to upgrade the demographic dividend to that of an engineer. China’s demographic dividend is declining, and, according to the National Statistical Office, the share of the working population has declined since 2010 and the absolute value has declined since 2014.
China’s manufacturing industry is at the lower and middle end of the global value chain, and the industry has upgraded to an industrial software driver. China’s manufacturing is still at the bottom of the smile curve, with relatively low value added, and the average Māori ratio of Chinese industrial enterprises is around
In March 2020, the Central Political Bureau meeting proposed new infrastructure such as Quick 5g, the Industrial Internet, and the development of smart manufacturing as a key policy window.
The policy shows that the state's support for smart manufacturing has been strengthened, and we are optimistic about the prospects for its development. Fifteen generations of practical development strategies for the deep integration of services, such as the Ministry of Trade and Finance, have accelerated the construction of labelling, safety and security systems, the development of industry for priority industries and regions 2.3, the lack of scenes and the shortage of human resources, have prevented industrial software from becoming available.
The lack of scenes is the biggest challenge of the digital transition. According to data from the 2021 research of the Institute, the biggest challenge in the literal transformation of state companies is not the lack of leadership or financial support, but the greater difficulty is the lack of a profound understanding of the digital transformation, with 64.6% of the respondents saying that they can't find a number.
The challenge of a lack of location is prevalent in the digital transformation of a typical industry, where the construction industry has a lack of scenes, even for over 70% of the enterprises. There is a large shortage of industrial software talent, which constrains the industry’s development.
Retention and distribution are the main obstacles in the process of industrial transformation of 4.0. Industrial software is difficult to integrate across borders, and complex people are lacking.
At the same time, the wages of software practitioners abroad are higher than in the country, leading to a massive brain drain abroad, further exacerbating the domestic gap. According to the Ministry of Human and Social Affairs, China’s industrial software population gap will increase from 3 million in 2020 to 4.5 million in 2025.
3. Companies: The product system is comprehensive, relying on shareholder power to push for product rotational upgrading 3.1, sustained R & D inputs are technologically strong, strong shareholder backgrounds lead to high-quality customer resources, and 20 per cent of cagr continuously increases R & D inputs, from 457 million yuan to 949 million yuan, representing operating income each year
The share rose from 20.54% to 22.66%. Horizontal comparison of industrial software leads, companies’ R & D inputs and staff pay far more than other players.
Overestimated, from 18.78 million yuan in 2016 to 3,781 million yuan in 2020, or 19.1 per cent for cagr, we expect the information adaptation needs of the six recently integrated Chinese companies, such as Too Steel, to land in 2021, leading to an increase in revenue to about 6.31 billion yuan, an increase of 66.9 per cent.
The deep-farming industry has been able to provide one-stop integration services for many years. The lack of scenes is an important challenge that has plagued clients in their digital transformation.
At the same time, the company has developed a well-developed product system, developing solutions for typical scenarios that can meet the needs of different business niches. China’s BMW manufacturing upgrade is urgent, and is expected to open the company’s second-growth curve.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, China's BMW plan achieved “four-size-one” smart manufacturing 1.0 as soon as possible, and accelerated the leap to “three-integrated” smart manufacturing 2.0 under a unified industrial Internet structure. Recognise BT software growth path, we believe that China's BMW's intelligent manufacturing is expansionary.
In the absence of a driver, the demand for the upgrading of corporate intelligence is expected to open the door to growth in corporate industrial Internet operations. 3.2. Corporate industrial Internet platforms are among the country’s first echelons, building deep barriers based on industry’s know-how
In December 2020, Bo-Sin-Sin-Sun launched its own Chinese BMW Internet platform, xin3plat. The platforms include iplat and eplat platforms, which meet the needs of intelligent manufacturing and intelligent service scenes, respectively. On July 10, 2021, the World Congress of Artificial Intelligence was held.
On top of this, the Treasure News software is a new launch of the industrial Internet platform, which will help non-ai professionals to generate artificial intelligence solutions quickly, easily and efficiently, and accelerate the process of manufacturing intelligence 2.0. We believe that uninterrupted platform products highlight the company’s leading technology.
Figure 33: Focus smart operation of the eplat industrial ecological platform
Based on the industrial Internet platform, iron, steel, and materials production in 2020 amounted to 437,4, 31.5, 5198,000 tons, exceeding the completion rate of 2.2%, 2.2%, and 5.01%, respectively, to complete the safety and environmental objectives of China’s BMW Steel Group.
Industry Paas is the core of the industrial Internet, and the corporate sector know-how is rich. Industrial Internet platforms are made up of edge layers, laas layers, laas layers, and application layers. Industrial Paas layers are used as models for industrial mechanisms to achieve a number of results.
Digital models based on industrial technical principles, industrial intellectual experience, production processes, etc. are the core barriers to industrial paas. The more complex the industry is, the more difficult it is to develop digital models and the higher the cost of developing them.
Group, rich industry know-how accumulation in the steel industry, deep understanding of business scenes, pre-existing advantages and deep barriers to high-organic and complex model construction. Industry saas develops tools and digital models to build software development for specific line-oriented and industry-specific scenarios through the development of tools and digital models on the industry Paas platform
In December 2020, Xin3plat platform was selected for a cross-cutting industry Internet platform for 2020, marking the entry of Xin3plat platform into the first echelon of the national industrial Internet platform, with core technological breakthroughs and multilayered stereos
The ability of the country to build the platform system, apply enabling innovation, create industrial ecology, and support public services has been recognized as a benchmark for the industry. Compared to the head industry Internet platform, it can be found, bountiful software, and Halkas through the enrichment of the industry.
The knowledge-how vertical industry, where industrial equipment connections are more advanced, the roots-connected root cloud platform industrial agreements have accumulated more, and Xu's information has had a prior advantage in connection with industrial equipment and the accumulation of industrial models, but the advantage is that the industry is concentrated in construction, non-ferrous metals, equipment manufacturing, commercial vehicles, etc., and competes differently from companies.
Future point: Taking advantage of the transformation of the manufacturing sector, “Industrial software +idc” developed together 4.1, Point 1: The release of demand for beneficial intellectual manufacturing, and the continuous rotation of shareholder-oriented support products Driver 1: The transformation of intelligent manufacturing support industries based on the “doubtization” of the steel industry.
Since 2016, the steel industry has been able to upgrade its industry through the transformation of the supply side of the industry, with a view to increasing industrial efficiency by phasing out backward production. The iron and steel industry has moved to an industrial level of 4.0 per cent. In 2019, the iron and steel industry's “doubt integration rate” reached 53.6 per cent, up from 2015.
The increase of 5.9 per cent corresponds to a much higher rate of capacity utilization and corporate profitability in the steel industry than before 2015. As a result, improvements in the quality of the products produced by the upgrading of the smart manufacturing industry have led to a reduction in the number of people, an increase in capacity utilization and a concerted development of the industrial chain, in line with the immediate and future needs of the steel industry.
Driver 2: Policies drive the transformation of the steel industry to become a catalyst for industrial development. Since 2018, countries have proposed “to improve the quality stability, reliability and durability of generic steel products, achieving 50% of the quality of products at the international level” and communications from Jiangsu, Shanxi, Fuzhou, etc., from 2019 to 2020, calling for greater intelligence.
In addition, the Iron and Steel Industry Adjustment and Upgrading Plan (2016-2020) proposes to develop 10 pilot steel and intelligence manufacturing models by 2020, to promote all aspects of intelligent manufacturing, and to support the development of industrial Internet platforms by advantaged firms.
Together, we believe that the new business patterns brought about by the combination of new technologies will give further impetus to the intelligent development of the steel industry. Corporate power: new plc products, full coverage of the flat-l5, overall solution provider, and the creation of a large-scale, generic plc product, product application.
Cross-platform data can be achieved in hot and cold rolling lines, using open system structures and powerful hardware and software platforms, supporting parallel processing of six processors and including profibus-dp, modbus-rtu field bus protocols, etc.
Thus, companies can design and implement smart steel plants as a whole through existing product matrices, and provide seamless and interconnected data on steel plants in the same enterprise through the Xin3plat platform. Shareholder advantage: companies, as listed companies holding shares in the Treasure Steel Group, can do so through preferential service groups.
Lines of production or enterprises, where the grinding product matures, move towards extra-group or other areas. As has been said, industrial software has an overlap with the use and client support, and companies combine product rotations and applications through shareholder resources, with long project pilots, grinding product power, and eventually delivering safety and reliability.
For example, companies are fully involved in the implementation of the Treasure and Steel Smart Manufacturing Strategy, and in the piloting of the National Trade and Communications Department's intelligent manufacturing applications - the construction of a 1580 thermal roller-brain workshop, etc.
Smart manufacturing projects, grinding of industrial software products and overall solutions that can be used extensively for the full-scale production of steel, such as dry iron zones, steel processing, heat swings, medium plate, rod wires, steel, cold swings, steel pipes and super-styres. 4.2. Watch 2: Use land resources and cost-control advantages to facilitate the robust development of idc operations
Catalyst 1: Treasure letter received an additional target of 3,000 cabinets in Shanghai. In July 2021, SILCC issued a notice on the use of energy indicators for the implementation of the new data centre project, in which the Treasure Letter software's Super-Arimental Hub project was approved and the project contained 3,000 aircraft shelves.
Catalyst 2: Five Bulcan Clouds are under construction, and North China has a joint venture to invest in the Treasure Steel idc project. The company plans to invest in and operate the Treasure Cloud Five project through a replenishment of $1.8 billion. The project is scheduled to start in 2022.
Following the launch of the project, a joint venture, Habei Bo-shin, was announced in April 2021 to co-invest in the development of the Treasure Censorship Idc data centre project in the promotion area of Zhang Jiaguchi. We therefore believe that, with the delivery of the new cabinet target and Treasure Cloud five issues starting, the idc operation is expected to achieve performance in 2022.
Corporate strength: with its own resource endowments and cost-control advantages, it achieves the competitiveness of a leading industry. Companies rely on the Treasure Steel Group, which has natural advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy consumption, etc. In addition, companies use self-built, self-operated idc construction and operations to obtain excellence through “orders first, build later” business models.
The company’s client structure includes large Internet companies, financial institutions, which reduce single customer dependency through a diversified customer structure. In addition, the company’s design for Maysan is a professional design team in the idc area, which is well regulated from the start of construction, by reducing capex and opex.
The cost of doing business in idc is almost 45%, which is higher than that of a wholesale enterprise. 4.3. Watch 3: Inter-trail information is well placed in hand orders, benefiting track intelligent development Driver 1: Inter-trace smartness brings industry to the fore. 2011 - 2020, fixed capital for urban orbital transport across the country.
The overall output investment completion rate has remained high, rising from $162.8 billion to $62.86 billion, with cagr accounting for 16.2%, compared to 3% of the information-based investment, with China’s track information market of about 20 billion yuan in 2020. Driver 2: For developed countries, China’s track information-processing ratio remains high.
The country’s intellectual transport investment is concentrated mainly on software and services, and there is still much room for software development in China. The China Urban Orbital Transport Smart City Track Development Programme, published in March 2020, clearly states that eight systems, such as the creation of smart infrastructure, will be among the world’s leading intelligent city track countries by 2025.
Corporate strength: autonomous full-store solutions and rich project delivery experience, deep collaboration with multi-trace groups, hands-on core customer resources. The company has a full-scale, life-cycle intelligent subway "3+1"
The Solutions and Products Framework System, in which the Company implemented the Project on Asset Management and Operation of Production Management Systems (Pms System) of the Metro-Train Network, was selected for the "Best Practices in Informatization of the Urban Orbital Transport Industry 2019-2020" issued by the Specialized Committee of the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association.
The Division works in depth with the establishment of joint ventures in Shanghai, Guangxi, etc., which combines government relations, superior resources with the powerful technology of the Treasure Software, complete product lines, and extensive project experience to achieve complementarity of strengths and work together to achieve greater efficiency.
To benefit from the industry landscape and corporate competitive advantage, the company won several tens of millions, if not hundreds, of orders since 2020. Given the project’s construction cycle, we expect that the winning orders will begin to materialize gradually in 2021.
Core scenario 1: Merger reorganization of beneficiary groups, upgrading of manufacturing to industrial 4.0+ smart manufacturing, and carbon neutralization scenario 3: Increased cost control capacity, significant impact of scale effects, expected sales costs, management fees Company is the only industrial software and cloud service provider under the Chinese flag, with deep technical and resource barriers.
We look forward to the accelerated release of the demand for the merger of the steel industry and the upgrading of manufacturing intelligence, the continued upturn of the cloud computing age data, the central demand climate. We believe that corporate growth is logical, performance is certain, and the risks of technology research and development are maintained, policies are not as high as expected, and market competition increases the risks.