The idc tap, marching into the big plc market, pushing for "doubt" deep integration and performance up to the top.
The company is a listed software company with effective control of Bo-Wu and shares in Bo-Sing, and is a leading domestic worker, relying on China's Bok-Wu's resource advantages, idc's operations have opened up a national layout, and China's resources, such as land, water, electricity, and so on, are stable in the Luang region.
According to the Bo Cloud Network, the total size of the Bo Cloud is 50,000 cabinets by 2023, and has now been delivered to 30,000 cabinets with huge customers like Ali, Ting Xin, and Hua.
In 2013-2019, the market size of the idc sector in China was 34.62 per cent, while the north is wide and deep idc still has conflicting supply and demand, carbon peaks, middle carbon and target energy consumption targets are more difficult to obtain, and the public administration, with its resource advantages and industry-leading power-consumption control levels, is expected to lead to greater development space.
Breaking through core technical bottlenecks, large-scale plc products start a new round of growth. According to IQR data, our plc market is growing steadily. In 2014-2019, the market size was high, owing to the complexity of large and medium plc processes and the high demand of users for product safety and resistance to interference.
In June of this year, the company joined forces to launch the first wide-area cloud plc technology experiment in the world; in July, the army officially launched a large national plc product, which has been successful in multiple production lines, such as steel rolls.
Certification, solving the problem of the “cricket” of industrial control systems and industrial software, is expected to lead industry development.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated: the idc engine room has been built, and the build-up has been slower than expected: the steel industry has been integrated, and the atmosphere has been less favourable: the industrial Internet business has not grown as much as expected: the production of plc products has not expanded as expected.
The company was founded in 1978 as the Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department, and was listed in 2001 through an overall asset replacement and renamed Shanghai Bosin Software Company Ltd. The company is effectively controlled by China’s Bo Wu and has a stake in it, and is China’s leading industrial software industry’s application solution and service provider.
The company further defined the strategic orientation of “becoming a professional platform for information technology in the steel biosphere, becoming a leading information technology and industry company in China” and pursued the business philosophy of “technology leadership, market expansion, model innovation” and actively explored the path to a transformation of platforms and industrial development. The company’s vision was to be a leader in the creation of intelligence, the City of Wisdom.
Innovators in cities, models of joint development of workers and enterprises.” Companies produce and serve a wide range of industries, such as steel, transportation, medicine, colour, chemicals, equipment manufacturing, finance, and public services. In recent years, companies have worked closely around national strategies such as “Internet+” and “China manufacture 2025”
To promote the integration of new generations of information technology and manufacturing technologies, to lead China ' s industrialization and in-depth integration of information, and to promote the movement of manufacturing enterprises from information to automation to the creation of intelligence: at the same time, companies have continued to step up the opening of fields related to intelligent cities, and have strong powers in the fields of intelligent transport, intelligent buildings, public services and so on, and have worked hard to promote them.
In keeping with the trend of industrial and technological development, companies have been able to provide a full range of products and services related to the industrial Internet, cloud computing, data centres, big data, humanization, industrial robots, etc. Through business model innovations, they have been able to become industry leaders in pursuing the strategy of promoting “Industry 4.0” and “China makes 2025”
(a) The backbone of urban construction and innovation.1.1 Sustained robust operations, high levels of re-innovation, recent years of ongoing merger restructuring in the steel industry and the full release of the need for intelligent manufacturing to lead companies in upgrading their industries;
The Department’s new generation of information infrastructure operations has officially opened up the national layout, with a steady rise in the number of seats; the company’s innovation spillover effects are increasing through its participation in major projects in the country. The revenue from the development and engineering services operation has grown faster, with a capr of 23.51%.
Increased demand for manufacturing, with software development and engineering services generating revenues of $6,718 million in 2020, an increase of 47.00 per cent over the same period and an increase in the share of corporate business income from 66.72 per cent in 2019 to 70.58 per cent.
The growth of services outsourcing has largely benefited from a robust growth in corporate idc operations, which, according to the company ' s annual report of 2020, saw a significant increase in corporate idc ' s four-phase upswing rate in 2020 and an increase of idc revenue of $523 million.
System integration revenue was $179 million, a 14.14 per cent decline in the same year. The share of corporate corporate operating income was 1,466 million yuan net, an increase of 65.25 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the expansion of sales, the increase in operating profits and the company ' s enhanced management of operating funds. Over the past five years, the net operating cash flow of companies has continued to be higher than the net.
Mother net profits, reflecting the high quality of the company ' s business. From 2016 to 2020, corporate R & D investment grew year by year and was fully costed, with R & D spending cagr being 1.2 innovation-driven development and product innovation.
The company has an accurate and cutting-edge approach to technological development and, with business model innovation, provides a comprehensive range of products and services related to the industrial Internet, the new generation of information infrastructure, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and 5g applications.
1.2.1 Software development: leading manufacturing transformation and upgrading
At the same time, companies are actively engaged in the construction of new smart cities, using intelligent transport, intelligent parks as entry points, exploring new City of Smart City models and new business patterns. The company’s core business is mainly software development and engineering services, and outsourcing of services.
Software development and engineering services cover informationization, automation and intelligence services. Informationization operations: integrated solutions for manufacturing to provide mes, rp, big data-related, caps information physics systems, big data, artificial intelligence, digital divers, etc., technological innovations based on industrial Internet platform architecture.
Build a new two-way smart manufacturing application, from suppliers to customers, horizontal integration of supply chains, vertical integration from business management to on-the-spot control, and create a multi-geographical, cross-operational intellectual control platform from manufacturing to “intellectual” for enabling enterprises. Companies are modern services, non-bank finance,
Sub-market customers of urban environments provide specialized Internet platform solutions and product services; are committed to transforming technology and business models for Internet+, block chains, and to promoting the depth of informatization of advanced IT and traditional industries Integration: exploring and creating new software eco-business models.
Automation operations: companies have automated technologies and products with autonomous intellectual property rights and have engineering, software development, system integration, packages of manufacturing, on-site commissioning, large engineering packages and implementation capabilities in specialized fields such as process computers, basic automation, electrical transmission and instrumentation, industrial information security, full-range visualization of production, virtual manufacturing, etc.
In the form of a “vi-plus” service model that provides integrated solutions for the new generation of information technologies in the electricity, chemical, energy and environmental sectors, such as networking, big data, cloud computing, and so on, one-stop, high-quality value chain services, from automated transport-over-the-life advice to implementation.
The Division is also working to provide high-end and advanced smart equipment to Chinese manufacturing industries, focusing mainly on the production of raw materials for humanization, warehousing and logistics transport, industrial robotic applications, product surface and built-in quality smartness detection and determination, high-end thermal equipment, project implementation and life-cycle services to help clients.
“Improving efficiency, improving quality, reducing labour intensity, reducing costs.” Smart operations: organic integration for cities and people, oriented towards smart parks, urban emergency, intelligent transport, guided by the objective of creating “smart, green, safe”, using ai, big data, cloud computing, general associations, zones
A wide range of technological tools, such as chains, improve the operational effectiveness of urban transport, environment, energy, emergency response, and enhance the capacity of government services from all angles, so that cities can live better. With the aim of “smart regulation, safety, green environment”, the urban orbital transport customers are given “scaling station-oriented, line-oriented, line-oriented” controls.
Levels (Automated + Info+Cloud Application), whole-life solutions. Figure 13: Outsourcing of services in the company ' s four major areas of specialization. 1.2.2: The advantages of the idc build-up carrier are prominent.
The outsourcing of corporate services is primarily based on the construction and maintenance of idc, which is dedicated to providing users with the overall solution of specialized idc housing construction and idc office operation services. The company has a core capacity for life-cycle implementation and management, covering the planning, design, construction and operation of energy-efficient modular data centres, capable of building integrity, regulation and management.
A structured customer cloud service and a high-quality new-generation information infrastructure and service environment provide customized, factor-based, region-wide connectivity to customers. The company’s industrial base, based on its advantages, industrial resources, has created a core competitiveness in the Shanghai regional market for the development of the idc industry on a scale that has been delivered to the idc industrial base.
By the first quarter of 2021, Bosan Steel Co. Ltd. was a public company.
The division’s largest shareholders, with 50.15% shareholdings, are mostly domestic and foreign institutional investors. In addition, the company is involved in a number of subsidiaries, such as Shanghai Bosin Information Technology Development Ltd., Shanghai Bo-Kang Electronic Control Works, and the Japan Bo-Sin Software Corporation.
The company implemented equity incentives in 2017 and 2020 to show confidence in long-term sustainability. The incentives included directors of the company, senior managers, middle managers, core technical, business, etc., with an aggregate strength of nearly a thousand people. Equity incentives actively built a community of interests between shareholders, companies and employees, fully mobilizing core staff.
At the same time, equity incentives are also a way to attract, retain, and motivate good managers, core technical (business) cadres, and guarantee the company’s ongoing development with its employees. Since its listing, the company has implemented 17 cash dividends, with a cumulative cash share of 2.811 billion yuan, at the rate of red rates.
2. The digital transformation has accelerated, market prospects such as the solar uplift 2.1 data centre demand is enormous, and the policy-driven idc industry has a wide range of upstream and downstream industrial chains.
Users of electricity, media, etc. provide services such as leasing, hosting, etc. of specialized hangars (servers and storage units). Currently, the major emerging industries that we focus on developing, such as artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, etc., need to be supported by data centres. The idc industrial chain is dominated by upstream infrastructure, midstream idc professional services, and related solutions.
The country’s industry of idc, which is in a period of rapid development, is characterized by three main features: the convergence of national data centre layouts, the diversification of idc service providers and the acceleration of the expansion of foreign markets by domestic idc service providers.
In March 2020, the data centre was included in the “new infrastructure” category, which is expected to lead to a strong rise in the size of the country's digital economy, thereby contributing to the growth in the size of the data centre. In April 2020, the CSRC, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the National Development Commission (NIDA) jointly issued a report on the promotion of real estate investment in infrastructure.
The Trust Fund (reits) pilot-related work announcement, which marks the official start of the domestic infrastructure field fund-raising reits pilot, idc assets as “commercial real estate in the digital world”, cash flows are more stable and investment returns are ideal, and the idc enterprise under the reits model is opening up new development opportunities.
The 14th Five-Year Plan for the National Economic and Social Development of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Framework of Vision 2035 propose to usher in the digital age and to promote the building of a network of powerful nations, with a digital transformation that will drive changes in production patterns, lifestyles and governance in a holistic manner, take full advantage of big data and rich applications, and promote the deep integration of digital technology with the real economy.
The transformation of the traditional industries of empowerment has escalated, leading to new industries, new business patterns, and new models. As infrastructure development continues, national policy guidelines such as “Internet+” and the digital economy, as well as the rapid development of mobile Internet, have been driven by the idc industry, whose operating income has continued to grow at a high rate.
According to China ' s idc circle, the market size of the idc industry in China was 34.62 per cent in 2013-2019, and the market size of China ' s idc was $15.250 billion in 2019, an increase of 27.24 per cent over the same period. According to Sady ' s consultant, the size of the Chinese data centre hangar grew from 22.33 per cent in 2016-2019 to 2019.
The number of data centres in China was approximately 2.27 million. In 2019, the number of data centres in China was approximately 74,000, representing about 23 per cent of the global data centre total, 320 data centres were planned for construction, with 36.1 per cent of the number of mega, large data centres, and the trend towards large data centres continued, with regional applications and multilevel collections.
At present, the idc market is dominated by operators, and third-party data centre producers are expected to be more advantaged in the future. According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, operators have a share in the market, based on their network bandwidth and machinehouse resources.
About 65 per cent, while the operator's data centre is large, more than half of it is self-utilized, other rooms are spread throughout the country, the Idc resource layout in the core city is limited and the operator is more dispersed, and the operator is not predominantly idc: the rest of the market is dominated by third-party data centre manufacturers, mainly to meet the demand for idc in the core city, for example
Cloud computing, the Internet, financial customer demand, etc., fills supply and demand gaps and has some resource scarcity barriers. The tripartite data centre service provider is better placed to provide the idc service in terms of professionalism and timeliness because of its more specialized business layout and a clearer operational focus.
In terms of the size of the third-party Idc service provider, the Treasure Software, the New Halo Network, and data from all countries are in the lead. In 2020, the Treasure software ranked the top third-party Idc service provider at $9,518 million in size, the new Halo network, data from all countries, Internet technology, and Dr. Peng in size are more than $5 billion in size.
In recent years, the State has attached great importance to the development of the cloud computing industry, and has put in place a series of policies to promote deep penetration of cloud computing in all industries. The 14th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People's Republic of China and the Outline of Vision 2035 propose the implementation of the "Upper Cloud Use"
According to the White Paper on Cloud Calculus, published by the China Information and Communications Institute in July 2021, global cloud computing market growth slowed to 13.1% in 2020, with a market size of $208.3 billion.
The market as a whole reached $20.91 billion, an increase of 56.6 per cent over the same year. In 2020, stimulated by the new crown epidemic, the market for online operations reached $27.9 billion for publicly owned Yunsaas, an increase of 43.1 per cent over the same period; as the services of databases, intermediates, micro-services, etc., became more mature, the market for publicly owned cloudpaas reached 10 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 145.3 per cent over the same period; the market size of the publicly owned cloud laas was 89.5 billion yuan, representing an increase of 97.8 per cent over the same period. With cloud computing playing an increasingly important role in the digital transformation of enterprises, it is expected that firms will continue to invest more in infrastructure in the short term and that demand for the idc market will remain strong.
Economic restructuring, supply-side reform and the “bat” strong entry in the context of the convergence of the iron and steel information process with the Internet has provided good opportunities for the development of the Internet in the steel industry.
In the steel industry, the proportion of enterprises that have built a workshop manufacturing implementation management system in all or part of production lines is approximately 82%, the proportion that automatically collect all or part of a pound-rate data is 87%, and the proportion that automatically collects all or part of the inspection and testing data is 77%.
The Guidance for Quality Development in the Iron and Steel Industry (Appropriation Draft) proposes the creation of a number of world super-large steel conglomerates and specialized first-class firms, with a concentration of 40 per cent in the top five steel firms and 60 per cent in the top 10 steel companies by 2025.
The industrial Internet has further accelerated the process of iron and steel information as an emerging business and application model for a new generation of information technology and deeper integration into the industrial economy. The industrial Internet has brought digitalization, networking and figure 22: Industrial Internet industry chains
Since November 2017, when the State Council Guidelines on Deepening the Internet + Advanced Manufacturing Development Industry Internet were published, the industrial Internet has officially been transformed into a national strategy, looking at the industrial Internet-related policies that have been published in our country in recent years. There are six main topics of focus for the development of the industrial Internet, namely, “5g+Industrial Internet”,
“Industrial Internet Security”, “Industrial Internet Industry Ecology”, “Industrial Internet Data Centre Construction”, “Industrial Interconnectivity App” and “Industrial Internet Application and Expansion in Industry Sectors.” The 14th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People's Republic of China and the Outline of Vision 2035 propose the active and secure development of industrial connectivity
Networking and car networking, building a number of international-standard industrial Internet platforms and digital transformations in key industries and regions, as “China manufactures 2025” gradually falls. There is also growing interest in smart manufacturing and industrial software, and the industrial software market has been further developed. According to forecasts by the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, 2020-2025,
The market size of the Internet industry is expected to reach $122.1 billion. According to IQR data, the size of China’s industrial software market grew from 2015 to 2020, with a capr of 12.77%, and the market size of Chinese industrial software in 2020, with an increase of 14.77% over the same period, played an important role in supporting industrial development.
5g is an important direction for ICT development now, and the industrial Internet is the technological backbone of a new generation of industrial revolutions, both of which are important drivers of the digital transformation of the economy and society. The integration of 5g with the industrial Internet will facilitate the overall accelerated transformation of manufacturing from traditional local information to digitalization, networking, and intellectualization.
The 14th Five-Year Plan for the National Economic and Social Development of the People’s Republic of China and the Outline of Vision 2035 set out to speed up the deployment of the 5g network, increasing its user penetration to 56% and promoting the upgrading of the gigabyte fibre-optic network.
The largest capital expenditure on 5g network equipment is the base station, with 5g base station having a significant increase in antenna access to 4g base station, guided by 10,000 units. As the industrial chain matures, prices are expected to decline at a later stage, with an average unit price of 140,000 for 5g macro station.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in 2020 there were about 580,000 new 5-g base stations in the country, with a cumulative total of 718,000 stations built in 5g base stations, and an estimated 800,000, 1.1 million and 850,000 operators built each year during the period 2021-2023.
At the opening of the 2020 China “5g+Industrial Internet” conference, the Minister of Trade and Finance, Shoya Qing, stated that his country was constantly moving into the “5g+Industry Internet” to integrate innovation, and that there were now more than 1,100 nation-wide construction projects, with machine visions emerging.
A range of applications, such as testing, precision remote manipulation, on-site assistive assembly, etc. As the new global technological revolution and industrial transformation advance, information technology, represented by 5g, industrial Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., is increasingly a key driver of the digital transformation of the economy.
Back to China's Bo Wu, Idc and the Industrial Internet are two-wheel-drives of 3.1 Treasure Clouds: The leaders of the political and corporate cloud service include both idc and cloud computing, with the objective of helping their clients to implement the cloud efficiently and smoothly.
According to the network of company officials, idc is located in the Big Data Park in Shanghai, where the data centre is the largest single-body building in the country, with a 1.8 km radius and a roof height of more than 21 metres. According to the company, by 2023, the Bo Cloud project will have a total capacity of 50,000 cabinets, and 30,000 cabinets have been delivered in large quantities.
The company’s annual report of 2019 shows that Bo’s cloud has reached a total of more than 80%. In 2016, Bo’s cloud project successfully became the 101st in the world through international certification of uptimm&o.
The third country has passed the certified data centre and successfully certified the Shanghai High Technology Enterprise. Figure 27: Treasure cloud value-added service content. Treasure cloud construction costs and speed are better.
In the second-line cities, low-rent, vacant land, factories, etc., various projects are made up of steel plants, warehouses, etc. With mature technology such as cloud computing, automation, intelligence, etc., companies are able to complete data center design, construction, and equipment procurement in a relatively short time.
The wholesale business model provides assurance of performance. The company’s idc operations are wholesale, highly customized, longer-term contracts with clients and more sticky customers.
As the wholesale business is oriented towards large user groups, the hang-up rate is clearly ahead of the retail data centre operator. The company maintains cooperation with basic telecommunications operators such as China Telecom, China Mobile, and the main clients are Tsing, Ali Baba, Kim Ban, political enterprises, etc. The hangars are concentrated in Shanghai, Wuhan, etc.
Ali Baba provided data services; Phase II was leased by China on a mobile basis to provide services for telecommunications; Phase III was re-contracted with China Telecom: four final customers were large Internet and financial enterprises, and in 2020 they were contracted to China Taibo.
However, there is still a “supply deficit” in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and so on. According to Sadie's consultants, the Shanghai City used 348,000 data centres in 2019, ranking first in the country's provinces (districts, cities), but the demand is already more than 410,000 and there is a supply and demand gap.
idc is a high-energy-consuming industry, with high electricity consumption and high electricity costs. To ease resource constraints in large cities such as land, networks, electricity, etc., we are pushing forward idc.
In April 2021, the Shanghai City Council issued guidelines for the construction of the Shanghai City Data Centre (2021 version), which called for a new large data centre single project to be of no less than 3,000 standard racks and a consolidated pue to exercise strict control.
Not more than 1.3; the size of the new marginal data centre single project should be contained in 100 aircraft frames, and pue should not be higher than 1.5. The company, as the head idc supplier in the country, is leading the industry at the Pue control level.
The company will build on China’s steel industry and the path to industrial transformation. It will continue to develop the largest urban circle of China’s largest cities, with the radiation “long triangular integration”, “single bay integration”, “Kingjin-soo-sang-a-way” and “along-way” of Bo’s national layout. As of 2019, Bo-yun had more than a dozen places throughout the country.
According to the central node, with the three main bases in Shanghai, Wuhan, Nanjing, 100,000 machine cabinets and cloud services in the country have been built to help build the Dots of Bo super-counting centre project (idc V). According to the Shanghai Po Mountain People’s Government Network, the Treasure Clouds five issues are located in the Land of Lau, with a total investment of $1.82 billion and a total construction area of about 108,000 square metres.
In 2019, the company opened a strategic layout for the "Big Data+n" industry of the Great Steel Data Park.
According to the company ' s joint venture to create the Great Steel Data Gardens and Associated Transactions Bulletin, the company plans to establish the Great Steel Data Gardens Company Ltd., in a joint venture with Wuhan City, the Wu Gang Group, the Treasure Land Assets, the Qingshan State Money Company, and the Idc Centre, which plans to host a site in the Wu Steel Factory area, with a total area of approximately 135 acres, with a three-phase plan to build 18,000 20a in three phases.
The hangars, once completed, could become the largest single large data and cloud computing centre in the China-China region. By the end of the first phase, investments were made in the construction of some 2,000 standard cabinets, and by the end of the year 2020-2021, the second phase is planned. The construction of three data centre housing units, approximately 10,000 standard cabinets, is planned.
According to the company announcement, in September 2020, the company proposed to invest $1 billion in the construction and transportation of 7,000 6kw hangars at the Bo Yunmeyama base. In April 2021, the company issued the " Communiqué of the Resolution of the Ninth Meeting of the Board of Directors " , which announced that it would work with the company.