Performance bias ceilings, rise of “Industrial software+Industrial Internet+idc” hard technology poles > 2-quarter ring significantly up on 19/08/2021, high growth of industrial software and steady progress of the idc project
According to the company announcement, the company earned 2,736 million yuan in q2 in 2021, representing an increase of 29.22 per cent in the same year, 46.92 per cent in the ring, 529 million yuan in the net return profit in q2 in 2021, 515 million yuan in the net non-repatriation profit in excess of previous performance, and 490 million yuan in the previous performance forecast, representing an increase in the same year.
The company's operations consist of three components, Industrial Software+Industrial Internet+idc, with a rapid increase in revenues in the first half of the year, mainly in the amount of $1,057 million in revenues from software development and engineering services, on the one hand, as a result of the increased demand for business development and intellectual creation by the BMW Group in recent years, corporate automation and informationization.
The increase in operations was due, on the other hand, to the slow implementation of some of the projects affected by the epidemic in the first quarter of 2020, which resulted in low income during the same period of the previous year.
On the idc front, the company has a unique resource endowment + strong capacity to build operations, starting this year with the expansion of corporate idc operations from Shanghai to the core cities of the country, and the idc projects in core locations such as promotion, Shanghai, Taikura and others are progressing steadily.
In the software business, the company's deep-deep “intellectual manufacturing + industrial Internet” has expanded from industrial software such as mes, erp, bi to large plc in the metallurgical industry, where the large plc threshold is high and difficult, and where the company, as the country's first big plc company, has amply demonstrated its existence in the field of industrial control.
Treasure software depth report: three pre-eminences are leading the country. From the space of the plc control system, the market space is 20 billion dollars, which is a long-term certainty for the new capital.
The 200 billion-dollar metallurgical industry space, and the future expansion of the Treasure, which is expected to lead companies to double-click on the value plus the profit-making Davis.
Itd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City City, building 1: 2021 H1 performance continued to grow rapidly.
In terms of business splitting, there was a rapid growth in H1 software development and engineering services operations in 2021, accounting for 71.01 per cent of the revenue, and a steady increase in outsourcing services (over 70 per cent of the projected revenue from Idc). 1) Software development and engineering services: $3.265 billion in H1 in 2021, an increase of 47.87 per cent over the same period, with the total revenue
By reaching 71.01%, it has benefited mainly from the business development of the BMW Group in recent years and the rising demand for intelligent manufacturing, corporate automation, and the integration of systems: low-mori business, not the focus of future development. There has been an increase in Maori rates and net interest rates, a significant increase in net operating cash flows, and a sustained increase in profitability.
The company ' s Māori ratio and net interest rate both increased in 2021 compared to 2020, and Māori rates ranged from 29.13 per cent in 2020 to a significant increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate of Q1 companies in 2021, which stabilized at a higher water level of 21.64 per cent and 19.75 per cent, based on quarterly data. We believe that the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate increase largely benefited from the restructuring of the software business.
The ratio of revenues from high Māori informs, automated operations increases, and with the development of high Māori businesses such as corporate intelligence manufacturing, industrial Internet, we expect a gradual increase in Māori performance and profitability.The company achieved a net operating cash flow of 429 million yuan in q1 and q2 in 2020, 788 million yuan, an increase of 232.6 per cent,
17.44 per cent, or 652.6 per cent, and 83.68 per cent, of the growth in the ring, partly because of the low billing and refunds in the last quarter, due to the effects of the epidemic during the same period last year, and partly because of the good business performance of companies.
\triangleright Research and development investment in industrial Internet, intelligent manufacturing, and cloud computing. Companies are constantly insisting on technological innovation, focusing on key core technology breakthroughs and autonomous controls, industrial Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, mobile goods.
The new and emerging areas of association, virtual manufacturing, etc., continue to invest heavily, focusing on the two main markets of smart manufacturing and smart cities, and are actively developing “Industrial Internet Platforms + a New Generation of Information Infrastructure” leading companies. The release of large nc in the metallurgical industry, the value of corporate industrial software needs to be reshaped.
After 10 years of research and development, the company officially released large plc products from the metallurgical industry this year, and we believe that the distribution of Bosunplc products is of strategic importance, and that the market had always thought that corporate industrial software could not be valued for two main reasons: 1)
The company relies mainly on the BMW and steel industries, where the market considers the market to be relatively homogeneous and where the market space has ceilings; and 2) where the company’s industrial software is mainly mes, bi, erp, etc., and the market questions the company’s industrial software capabilities. We believe that the release of the large plc product of the Treasure is tantamount to proof that the company already has it in the field of industrial/industrial software in the country.
The leading level, in terms of two dimensions: 1) the large plc threshold is very high: large plc is very high for stability, it's important to have customers willing to accept, in addition to the technical difficulties, the share of large plc markets in the country is largely in the hands of European and American firms like Siemens, Schneider, the plc sector is relatively mature, and the average business is stable.
Sex, unwillingness to easily replace plc. For the Treasure, the Treasure was a natural customer for the development of the Xinplc product and, after 10 years of testing, proved uniquely competitive; for the Iron Metallurgy industry, the plc threshold was high: in all industries, the steel metallurgical industry plc could be ranked first in terms of accuracy and stability, and for the Treasure.
The ability to do steel metallurgical work plc means the power to expand across industries. The distribution of large plcs in the Bosin Steel industry is proof of the power of its own industrial software, the future company's “one-way” expansion of space, vertical expansion of products, horizontal expansion of product sequences, horizontal expansion of industry, and we believe that the value of the Bosin Industries software needs to be remodeled, and future profit + valuations raised empty.
Industrial Internet operations continue to advance, and intelligent manufacturing opens up long-term space \triangleright relies on the largest steel complex in the country, leading the country ' s steel industry software, and the steel industry has been recovering since 2016.
The overall profitability has continued to improve, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems, while the pace of restructuring M&As is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BTW, the need for information is expected to continue to release, opening up long-term growth space for transmission software operations.
In 2020, the CEI “Emergency Enterprises in the Electronic Information Industry in 2020”; the continuous delivery of the Level 3 evaluation of the “Development and Operational Integration (DEvops) Capability Development Model”, officially carried out through ICI, became the first industrial software enterprise in the country to pass the standard; two industry apps were evaluated for “Industrial Internet Excellence Solution 2019”; and it was successfully adopted.
The first “Assessment of Information Systems Building and Service Capacity” (Cs4) was launched in January, with the launch of the autonomous industrial Internet platform xin3plat, while the development of the big data “5s” component was advanced, and the demonstration project for the Iron Smelter Interconnection and Control Platform (Honkers) was completed: Bianwu established the China Bianwu Industry Internet Research Institute and China at the beginning of this year.
The BMW Data Centre, co-located with BMW, coordinates the design of the BMW industry Internet framework and cutting-edge technology development. The company is actively building the steel industry's Internet biosphere for the future, building on the strong research and development capabilities and the professional experience of the steel industry that it has accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software, autonomously developing the industrial Internet platform and the artificial intelligence center, with iplat and eplat as two wings.
Development opens up a new growth track, opening up a wider development space. idc has a unique and currently unattractive capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion.
In its depth report, " Long-term certainty value of new capital dragons from three major expectations " , we clearly stress that markets usually attribute the reasons for their success in idc to a single resource endowment, and we believe that the market does not fully recognize the unreplicating idc capabilities of the public sector, mainly in the context of the "resource endowment plus industrial software capability" combination.
(b) Industrial software capabilities: companies are the only ones in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (possessing an independent Maysan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprises in the market that have an information base in the field of idc, automated and fully autonomous research and development).
Businesses, which give companies excellent cost-control, robust transportation capacity, with their hangars of high quality, are highly recognized by Shanghai city governments, upstream suppliers, and downstream customers. Corporate strategic development is clear, consistent with a self-building model, with sustained diversification of high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate outreach to large client base-based businesses and strong combinations.
1) Professional design teams - full-time subsidiary Metsan Design Institute idc team: Most third-party idc firms in the market rely mainly on external design houses and construction teams to undertake idc design and construction work, while companies have independent and professional idc teams
Design and construction team, full-time subsidiary, Institute of Civil Engineering and Design, Shanghai Maysan Industry, Ltd., holds a number of certificates of qualification in national metallurgical engineering, class A, architectural engineering, level B, pressure pipe design, etc.) 2) Industrial software is strong, informative, automated: the company has strong software development capacity, idc inside
Many systems, such as mobile loop monitoring systems, dispatch systems, etc., are developed by companies themselves. Energy-saving technologies are strong, effectively reducing the cost of electricity: idc saves energy mainly through the design and operation of structures, corporate technological power leads, idc leads the industry in energy-efficient technologies, and technology leads effectively in reducing the cost and cost of electricity for companies.
The pue value, which is the lowest at the same latitude, shows that, according to publicly available data, the company ' s average pue on the idc project averaged 1.3-1.4 and some items ranged from 1.2-1.3, reaching close to 1.1 levels under liquid cold technology: 4) the technological strength of leading the market with the latest front-line technology: leading the market with the large-scale use of high-pressure straight-flow techniques
The technique, i.e. communication is converted into direct flow, direct supply of the int equipment, whereas the traditional ups system is the conversion of communication to direct flow, and then, through direct flow conversion to communication, powering the computer equipment, which is reduced once by a reduction in a change due to the high pressure flow, which reduces the ability to take the lead in large-scale deployment of industrial automation-controlled plc technology and cluster control technology to the heating system, which operates the system.
The use of natural cooling techniques for direct heat exchange using low-cost cold outside water when the outdoor temperature is lower than the temperature in the engine room significantly reduces the energy consumption of the refrigeration system; the partial use of liquid cooling techniques in the latest planning projects, which are high relative to the efficiency of the evasive heat in the traditional way, significantly reduces the level of energy of the radiative system throughout the idc;
The only large-scale application in the market of the idc system, i.e., the use of standby refrigeration, which is simple to use, is to cool at lower night and then release during the day, saves electricity by wrong peaks, water, practical applications are more difficult, risks are greater, requires a secure automated system to operate automatically, and companies are autonomous.
The development of a secure and automated system that safely and effectively guarantees the proper operation of the water-cooled system has played a key role in saving the cost of electricity. Strong transport capacity, power systems and heating systems are automated, leading by uptim&o (data)
Accreditation: both the company ' s power and heating systems are based on a fault-free industrial standard structure, which allows for automated dispatch and transport without the need for staff intervention, and a self-developed operational information management platform, which is the only enterprise in the current market to undertake full-scale autonomous research and development in the idc field.
The data centre operation certification, one of the world ' s most well-known and authoritative data centre certifications, is currently approved by only a handful of companies in the country. In July 2016, Bo-Yun-yun-yidc (phase I) successfully passed the uptimem&o certification, making Bo-Sin the 97th company in the world, the first company in the country to be fully autonomous, and once through it, Bo-yun-yun-yidc.
The company’s strategic development approach is clear, maintaining a self-constructing model, and continuously expanding its diverse and high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate openings.
The company is currently actively stockpiling resources (over 10,000 single-point reserve cabinets) and moving projects forward, and we expect that, starting in the third quarter of this year, the company’s new engine capacity will be released gradually and in the future.
We believe that the company, as the domestic wholesale idc leader, will have a golden period of development and a firm view of the company’s long-term development space. Profit forecasting and investment ratings.
The company, as the backbone of hard technology for the scarce country's deep layout “Industrial software + Industrial Internet +idc”, long-term growth certainty idc construction and build-up below expectations, reorganisation and acquisition of BMW and under-development of 5g, has been working on Chinese securities, vendor securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, covering the idc & cloud computing industry in depth.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering the areas of car networking, networking, operators, Internet.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications & Internet industry, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing, and the Internet. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.