Three Rings Group: "Three Rings of Fire Phoenix" Ceramic Ceramics on mobile phones, December 17, 2017.
Yang Minghui yangmh@dwzq.com.cn is a subliminal drill.
Zhang Zheng, with nearly 50 years of experience in electronic ceramic production, has acquired full knowledge of advanced ceramic production processes, including material configuration, production of ceramics, high-temperature sintering and preparation of equipment.
On December 15, 2017, the tri-ring group organized the launch of the “Three Fire Phoenixs” Ceramic Ceramic Materials in Shenzhen, with the main product focused on the use of the smart terminal ceramic knots zhanglx@dwzq.com.cn
The building blocks and the crystal-ceramic materials of the cellular ceramic back-up, and the first-line terminal, Hov and others, are invited to create the three-ring fire phoenix, which is extremely powerful and perfect for the new trends in cellular appearances, whether in terms of mobile phone innovation and development, in terms of radio charging or coming.
In the 5gs, mobile phone material will change from metal material to non-metal material, the most mature of which is glass and ceramics, which are already being used. For the most recently released Three Rings of Fire Phoenix ceramics, the look is colorful, super-intensity resistant, super-normal break-up, good.
For end-users, the mobile phone market has now changed from an incremental market to a stock market.
In the stock market, the end-user seeks a different selling point for branding and upgrading the use of household sticky, which is exactly what the ceramic look is. The three-ring phoenix ceramics have shown amazing performance, perfect match to new trends in cellular appearances, and we believe that ceramics are in the area of smartphones.
Ceramics are not easy to build core barriers across the three rings, which are more difficult to manufacture than other materials, intermediate processes, and industrial chains can be divided mainly into powder systems, embryonic formation and burning, back lanes, etc.
Each of these links has a high technical barrier and is highly tested for technology and process deposition, good product rates are interlocking, and the barrel effect is evident. The only real manufacturer in the current industrial chain who is completing the complete vertical integration from powder to magma, formation, scalding, and post-processing is III.
At present, although the level of acceptance and popularity of ceramic materials by end producers and users is increasing, the main reasons for the low penetration rate in the industry are two: capacity and prices.
In terms of prices, technology and process are rising, good quality rates are increasing, and the time spent on cnc has continued to be optimized; more manufacturers have joined.
Three-ring group: Equity incentives for condensation of hearts More mature, better division of labour up and down, and more competitive between households, fibre-optic plugs, pkg, behind ceramics
Profit predictions and investment ratings  Ceramic appearances are consistent with the trend towards non-metallicization of smartphone appearances, and we look at the three rings.
2. Tri-ring group: Three-quarter turning points are now in place, and future prospects for the development of the company ' s porcelain appliance business, while the company ' s porcelain sealing base is a national product, keeping in mind the long-term development of the company ' s three main operations
Intergenerational acceleration, other operations are moving fast, and companies will grow up in the future. The future performance of companies will be influenced more by the volume of ceramics coming out of the future, suggesting that investors focus on future companies: q3 improved performance, and three.
4. Tri-ring group: with the long-term termination of cooperation, the ceramic shell operation has not been affected, the ceramic back-cap industry has not developed as expected, and the ceramic back-liding in the terminal is not as permeable as expected;
The company's ceramics will be covered in less than expected in the following year. 1. The Three Rings of Fire Phoenix will be reborn, the smartphones will be turned on to look at the new tide, the heart will be drilled, and the Triple Group will release the fire phoenix ceramics.
50-carried submarine drilling, half-century accumulation of sedimentation, ceramic material builders, tri-ring group, created in 1970 to combine materials, products, equipment development and manufacturing. The main products include fibre-optic ceramic cores and holsters, fuel cell diaphragm panels, ceramic envelopes, ceramic base sheets, ceramics, connectors,
The three ring groups, with nearly 50 years of experience in electronic ceramic production, have been built into domestic electronic components and their basic materials, advanced electronic ceramics research and development and industrialization bases, and are innovative enterprises in Guangdong Province, with stronger autonomous innovations.
Half a century of sediment accumulation has allowed the company to master advanced ceramic production processes, including material configuration, bioceramics, high-temperature scalding and equipment technology, which constitute the firm’s core competitiveness.
The core technology of circumventing ceramic materials, which, on the one hand, has led to a transformational upgrading of industries through the production of large, traditional electronic components, such as aluminium oxide, ceramic tablets, electrical barriers, etc., and, on the other hand, through the extension of technology and the opening of markets, has continuously introduced new products covering a wider range of areas, such as light communication with ceramic cores, smart phones, smart phones, etc.
As a result, the company’s multi-product line business layout strategy has been very successful, driving up the company’s ladder.
On December 15, 2017, the tri-ring group organized the launch of the "Three Rings of Fire Phoenix" in Shenzhen.
The company also invited experts from all fields to understand the trend in the use of ceramics in hand machines, and the future prospects are unlimited.
The three-ring fire phoenix is extremely strong, perfect for the new look on the cell phone, excellent for the three-ring fire phoenix, excellent for the three-ring fire phoenix, excellent for the crystal phoenix, super-resistive strength, super-normal break-up.
The multiple advantages of tenacity, good rigidity, high grinding, unshielded signals, etc., are well suited to the back of smartphones and are consistent with the larger trends in future appearances. 1) Disgusting colours: black, white, white, emerald, pink, bright blue, various ceramics, etc.
Colors, glamour, and aesthetic needs of different groups of people. 2) Super-high resistance: super-high-resistance strength over 1,200 mpa, 552 mpa compared to steeled glass, 3 ) super-normal break-up resilience: 10 times glass break-resilience, as high as 8 ~ 2 mpa*m1/2 while steeled glass
It's 0.69mpa*m1/2 with greater resistance to fission expansion. 4) Good rigidity: up to 200 gpa elastic modulus, steeled glass 76.7 gpa, with better resistance to bullet deformation.
5) Capable of grinding: 8-8.5 m3 hard, close to the sapphire material, and steel glass 5-6, with obvious advantages, to withstand the friction damage of most of the substance in daily life. 6) Unprotected signal: lower-than-steeled power loss in the medium, which reflects better-quality electrical performance and adaptation.
• Nanograde dioxone powders – super-high resistance to filamentary filamentivity, unshielded to signal.
The tri-ring group drilled the three-ring phoenix with crystal ceramics and glass for strength, resilience, hardness, etc.
In contrast, the results show that the three-ringed phoenix porcelain performance indicators are significantly superior to the glass. In addition, the tri-ring group conducted a full-scale drop test at an altitude of 1 m, 1.2 m, and 1.5 m, and passed the whole back of the plane, the prism, the quadrupled drop test, and more intuitively breaking the perception of the fragilities of ceramics.
The three-ring fire phoenix is a new trend in the perfect match of the three-ring fire phoenix ceramics to the look of the mobile phone, in terms of mobile phone innovation and development, both in terms of the wireless charge already coming and in the coming 5g era, mobile phones.
The material will change from metal materials to non-metallic materials, and the most mature and used of metal materials is glass and ceramics. Ceramics are more hard, resistant, and more elegant than glass, and high-end quality.
The porcelain of oxen has a hardness of 8.5 per cent at Mox, while the Conning gorilla glass is 7. Appearance wears mainly dust particles in the air, with a hardness of around 7-8. Cell phones that are covered with oxen are less susceptible to wear than glass in daily usage.
Figure 5: Mobile phone glass displays wear and tear during daily use. For product appearances, oxidizing ceramics have a strong overall sense of quality, mirrors and reflective effects, and look like light, glazing, crystal-crypt. For example, the bright black version of iPhone7 and the matic 10-point-timed version of the iPhone7 is not used, although it does not use ceramics.
Material, but the same vision and quality of treating the surface of the material as ceramic also shows the user’s need for high-end skins. So, on the whole, we find that ceramics compare performance to appearances through a few types of back-up material on a mobile phone.
For end-users, the mobile phone market has now changed from an incremental market to a stock market, and end-users in the stock market have sought to diversify their outlets to allow users to change brands and improve user stickyness. For mills, this year, push.
With the use of ceramic back-caps such as six high-end porcelains and mill2 from the rice, the user echoes strongly, and the rice has evolved from the original "only for fever" to "innovating" representative manufacturers, and the user's viscosity and branding have increased markedly. In the case of Mimix2, tens of thousands of cell phones were stolen in 58 seconds from the first shipment.
In addition to Mi, mobile operators, including Samsung, Huahua, Oppo, and vivo, have a strong interest in ceramic performance, and they're making a huge amount of samples and tests. The industry pole apples have also introduced an applewatchedition on their own watch.
Ceramics, which give great praise to the scratch-resistant grinding of ceramic materials, as well as to the elegant look. The Three Rings of Fire Phoenix ceramics have shown amazing performance, perfect match to new trends in mobile phone appearances, and we have great prospects in the area of smartphones.
Capacitation expansion + lower prices, the use of ceramics in mobile phones will gradually accelerate penetration.
These include powder system preparation, sheeting, skimping, scalding, cnc processing, polishing, puncture, detection, laser firing/pvd plating, which is divided mainly into the powder system, which is the three main components of embryo making and burning, back-tracking. The powder system is very difficult and is a top priority for electronic ceramics.
The powder used in the backside of the cell phone is mainly nanograde oxidium, which is the most technologically sophisticated, high-yielding, integrated, wide-ranging and high-yielding material in the new electronic material. Because the particle size of the powder, particle size, particle size, particle shape, concentration, chemical purity all have a direct impact on the performance of the material and the quality of the material at the time of production, its importance.
Very high, the vast majority of nano-grade high-end powder manufacturing technology is currently in the hands of a few countries, such as Japan and Germany, and domestic tri-ring groups and national ceramic materials are the few manufacturers that have achieved high-scale production of high-performance nano-grade powder. Thus, for the oxidized ceramic powder chain, the main technical barriers are in the powder system, in the reprocessing process, and in the production process.
In the powder system, how to balance the overall performance and production costs of the powder, good powders require expensive equipment and are difficult in the reprocessing process, how to control product contractions and the formation of formulas through the powder formulations, how to solve the problem; In the production of equipment, how to understand the properties of the powder material and make the key production equipment, etc.
There are huge barriers to nanooxidated powders, and to plastic processing. The powder-to-forming powder chain is extremely important, and a good formula can significantly improve the powder’s insufficiency at the time of preparation, increase product intensity, resilience, consistency, and, in addition, the color of the back cover is determined by the formula.
Tosoh, a leading producer of the current powder system, has a price of around 1 million yuan per ton, based on 100 g powder per cell phone.
The cost of a single cell phone is $100, and the cost of the finished product will be very high, and it will be difficult to achieve a large scale. But domestic manufacturers, such as the Triple Group and the national china, are now achieving large-scale production of nano-grade oxen powder, and the price of the powder has been more optimized than originally, for example, the price of the national china powder is about 300,000 yuan per ton.
The ring group is more expensive because of the self-production of the powder, which is the basis for the large scale-up that can be achieved at the present time by the ceramic recap. We believe that, with the acceleration of the expansion of the tri-ring and the national ceramics in terms of powder, technological upgrades and lower costs, it is expected that the oxidation of the platinum will continue to be optimized in terms of prices, good product rates, etc., leading to large scale diffusion and use.
The condensation control of the embryonic formation chain is demanding, and the temperature control of the burn chain is difficult, and after having a well-functioning formula, it enters the front road formation chain, which is divided into embryonic formations and ligatures. The formation chain mixes the formula with the form formulations, which are physically fixed according to demand.
At present, there are three main forms of plasticization, dry pressure, and dynasty, but in the current way of producing the machine-made ceramic backs, the main method of production has been used.
Fluid and dry pressure is used in the back caps of mini-meal 6, and milliix2, in the dry pressure method. 1) Fluid method: long-duration techniques, long-term build-up of manufacturing technology, are now widely applied to thin-forming ceramic materials. Their advantages are speed of production, automation, efficiency, good quality of products, etc.
Currently in the world's leading equator, more than 300 equipment development teams, most of which are fully self-contained, automated and productive, and high-rate products, are in the forefront. 2) Dry pressure method: production by mechanical pressure of ceramic powder into a shape.
(c) Production of light, rigid flat-shaped ceramics that are efficient and suitable for large-scale production, low cost, material interest, cutting and recycling. 3) Injection methods: similar to traditional plastic formations, through injection of ceramic slurry into already designed molds
Temperature control is the key. When ceramic embryos are formed, they enter the burning chain, burning them for long periods of time through high temperatures, making ceramic powder a hard, multi-crystal structure.
The most important thing in the sinter is temperature control, which is that mobile phones use the back caps of ceramics, usually with tunnel burners, which have the advantage of combustible products on a large scale, but the temperature control is difficult to control. In the scalding, it is very difficult to achieve consistency in the consumption of high electronics because of the different locations and the temperature of the time.
Precision ceramic products with a high rate of burning. According to the millet launch, each piece of ceramic recap needs to be scalded after 1400°C and seven days of high temperature, and there is a slight loss of temperature control, raw materials that cannot be repaired or recycled, and materials that are time-consuming.
The back-processing process requires a high level of sophistication and automation, and the embryo burn is formed into the back-processing process, mainly with cnc thinning, surface polishing, plating, and so on. Domestic manufacturers are still working because of the layout of the process, and ceramics are in common with glass, metal processing, etc.
So much so that it's now in place like the rich and sophisticated, the blues, the Byrne optical, and the Byadi electrons. The high hardness of the Mox makes it more necessary for high-end processes at the back end to improve the quality of the processing process and to improve the efficiency of the production of the unit of equipment on the basis of the number of specific production equipment.
Cnc ceramic processing usually takes 60-120 minutes to process, which is much longer than processing metal and glass, which imposes higher requirements on the level of precision processing and automation in the back-processing processors in order to improve the efficiency and quality of the processing of ceramics.
The most advanced powder barriers in the chain of the ceramic industry are the highest, with the current tri-ring group, the national china material, the tosoh (Tosao) and the Kyoto china of Japan, among others, having a strong accumulation in this area: middle-stream processing includes the front-tracking process.
The only manufacturers that are now fully vertically integrated from powder to magma, formation, scalding, and post-processing are those that are able to do so.
The tri-ring group, in addition to the complete layout of the pre-process and back-processed electronics after completion of the acquisition of the zebber ceramics, is also extremely strong in the post-processing process and client evaluation, customer resource acquisition, and two key issues are being addressed gradually.
While the acceptance and popularity of ceramic materials by end-users and suppliers is increasing, the main reasons for the low penetration rate in the industry are three: technology, production capacity and prices. Technically, the technical barriers to the various segments of ceramic products are clear, multiple processes are optional, and long-term tests and improvements are required before-natal deliveries, leading to new manufacturers.
It is difficult to produce a quantity in the short term. In terms of production capacity, oxen are currently subject to caps and back-stream processing capacity restrictions, and lead to production capacity, which is not yet sufficient to meet hundreds of millions of cellular needs; and glass is productive, so that Bourne and Lance alone can solve a lot of glass production without bottlenecks. In terms of cost, the cost of oxen is higher than the cost of metals and patents.
The unit price of a piece of ceramic recap is expected to be about $150-230, a 2.5d glass unit is about $30, and a 3d glass is only about $70-120. The increase in production by major producers is accelerating, and the capacity problem is likely to be solved.
Because of the length of the chain of the porcelain industry, the barrel effect is obvious, and the lack of production capacity in a particular chain is a constraint on the overall production of ceramic products. In the powder chain, the main manufacturers are Japan ' s Tosoh (East Cao), France ' s San Goban, Japan ' s rarest elements, Japan ' s Zhao and Electricians, and more than half of them are medium- and low-end powders.
Some 15,000 tons of high-end powder still need to be used in such industries as high-end sensors, fuel cells, etc. There is not much powder left for the ceramic-back-cap industry. By industry penetration rate of 10%, 150 million ceramic-back-cap phones will need to use 15,000 tons of high-end ceramic powder throughout the year, with insufficient capacity.
Japan’s tosoh, one of the world’s best-equipped powder systems, is growing slowly, and it is difficult to keep pace in the short term. The country’s tri-ring groups, which have access to electronics, are actively expanding production, such as the Tri-ring group, which will produce 500 tons of high-performance powder per month at the end of 2017.
In the case of back-track processing, such as glossy, Lancet, Bourne optical, Fujikang, and Biadi electrons, all of which are currently in the back-track processing of sophisticated ceramic products, after a multi-manufacturer layout in 2017, the latter is now being added.
The process is expanding rapidly, and the post-banking process is expected to become a bottleneck next year. Technology and process upgrades, a clearer division of labour in the industry, and prices are falling, making the company the only one to access the entire industry as a result of the earlier pre-positioning of the tri-ring group on the back of ceramics.
Chain companies, and the properties of the ceramics industry, also determine that new entrants will face high-tech barriers, resulting in fewer short-term players and less cost-reducing rapidly. In terms of cost, there are three main ways to improve: good product rates, back-to-back worker time on the cnc platform, and a better division of labour in the industry.
In terms of good quality, it is mainly through tri-ring groups and more sophisticated production processes in powders and forwards through electronics. In addition, for tri-rings, better-forming powders can be achieved through better formulations than by achieving performance, with indirect improvements in the back lanes.
From the point of view, since ceramics combine brittle with hardness, they are more difficult to process, and they are now processed longer than processed metal and glass. It is clear that they are optimized in the future by joining manufacturers with long experience in the field of back-processing, such as glossy, blues and Bourne optics.
We believe that in the near future there will be a marked improvement in the market for ceramic processing, which will further optimize costs. In terms of industry, the tri-ring group is now the only company that has achieved the whole industry chain layout of ceramic back-up, but with front-trackers like electronics, national china materials, back-processing plants like long, sophisticated, blues technology.
In general, with respect to the cost and capacity of the back cap of oxidium ceramics, we believe that the relevant industrial chain is being actively addressed. On the one hand, vertically integrated manufacturers, represented by the tri-ring group, are constantly improving oxidation.
In addition, manufacturers such as the Tricycle Group have significantly expanded the production capacity of the titanium oxide powder to meet the high demand for smartphones. On the other hand, former glass processors, represented by Bourne optical, long and sophisticated, and former metal processors, are increasing the capacity of thorium oxide.
The tri-ring group, as the leader of the ceramic back-cap industry, is accelerating industrial penetration. As early as 2016, the tri-ring group, in collaboration with Mi, launched a five-entitled back-up cell phone for small rice.
This was followed by the gradual roll-out of ceramic appearances such as Mimix, Mi-6, etc., etc., and the introduction of the end-user and consumer approval. In terms of capacity, we expect the tri-ring group to produce 2 million pieces of ceramic, 1 million pieces of finished products, and 3 million pieces in the first half of 2018.
At the same time, there will be a significant increase in the production capacity of the industry. At the client level, the three-ring group of ceramic back-up phones is now involved, and the mainstream manufacturers and the tri-ring group have started sampling and testing of ceramic back-up.
Ceramic appearances are consistent with the trend towards non-metallicization of smartphones, and we look at the future of the tri-ring group's porcelain-oxidation, porcelain-based appliance business, while the replacement of the company's ceramic envelopes with national production accelerates, other operations are moving fast, and companies will grow more dynamic in the future.
Ceramic recaps industry has not developed as expected; ceramic recaps have not achieved as much penetration as the terminal vendor; and the company will have less than expected in the coming year, and Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has already had a securities investment advisory committee.