Weir shares (603501) q1 optically pulls up high growth q1 performed well and Howie grew significantly.
q1 net non-mortality profits increased by 1531 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we expect q1 net non-mortality profits to reach more than $400 million, yielding a profit of $64 million, a significant increase from last year, with the ring almost equal, showing a persistent demand for and supply of cis chips due to a high optical landscape of 20q1 and a continuous increase in research and development inputs by companies.
In 19 years, half-yearly conductor design and development invested 1.7 billion yuan, and products of 0.8um 32 million pixels, 48 million pixels and 64 million pixels were introduced, cutting back on domestic production clients. Large amounts of high-end chips are expected to be released in the second half of the year. Optical upgrades continued, and the supply and demand of cis chips continued to strain.
The Unit, compared to the trend of 300 depths, has seen an increase in the number of cameras on the one hand, and a continuous upgrading of single cameras and penetration of high-pixel lenses on the other. It is expected that, due to the high demand downstream and the rising proportion of high-pixel products, we are looking at the alternative path to Howie’s national production: the company is currently working.
Among the most important medium- and high-end products in stock are: the 32m front, the 48m back and the high-value-added 8m long coke, the 12m wide corner, and so on, which began in September last year, and the four-quarter bulk, which will accelerate the growth of Howell’s profits. In the context of the big trend of chip nationalization, companies will benefit fully from the dividends of the development of the chis industry, mobile phones, cars, security, etc.
There has been a steady increase in the number and value of image sensors in the field, and increased research and development, as well as the deployment of radio frequency chips and object networking, the production phase of the company ' s new multi-money radio frequency product in 2019, and the volume and sales of radio frequency chips have been re-innovated.
Based on the refinement of existing product lines, a number of five-g radio frequency chip projects have been set up, and the 5g radio frequency switch has been designed using new technology and is expected to produce in the second quarter of 2020. The company has developed silicon products in mobile phones, smart sound boxes, tws headphones, smart robots, taking into account market performance requirements for silicon products that are highly credible and low-capacity.
In the area of tws headphones, the company further reduces its product consumption, and the small-scale low-power product developed by the company, which is now at the forefront of the country, has been adopted by a well-known national brand. To the company's lead in the cis chip, it gives a “recommended” rating.
Report Review: Year-round compliance with expectations and supply and demand pressure on the cis to boost the growth of Howe-George 2.
Division Review: Three-quarters report meets expectations, chips are back in line.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,