Weir shares q1 showed a high performance, with a proposed acquisition of synapticstddi extension product lines. Retroactively adjusted revenues increased by 44.21 per cent in the first quarter of the year; net return to the mother was $436 million, compared to $436 million.
In the first quarter of 2019, after retroactive adjustment, the net return profit increased by 800.03%, with revenue and profitability rising, and q1 showing high performance growth. The company’s performance increased significantly in the first quarter, mainly because: integration of the acquired companies’ operations was largely completed, synergies were significant, and revenue and output were generated.
There has been a double increase in profitability; smartphones have been upgraded from single to double, multiple, and there is a strong demand for cis chips. For the Māori ratio, 20q1 has a Māori rate of 32.23%, a decrease of 1.09 percentage points from the adjusted cost of sales over the same period last year, after adjustment over the same period; and the administrative cost rate.
The company recently announced that it would hold a 70% stake in the purchase of the synaptics base year, and after years of accumulation, it has acquired a whole series of low-end high-school products.
For the financial year 2017-2019, the tddi chip, which seeks to replace a national product, was much more affected by the performance of synaptics as a United States company. This company acquired tddi business, which contributed to the domestic ownership of the demonstration-driven product.
Control, coupled with a strong partnership between the company and the end client, the future market share of the tddi business, the maintenance of high levels of R & D inputs, and the continued competitiveness of the company. As a well-known chip designer in the industry, the market price was collected on April 23, 2020.
Millions of yuan, representing 9.32 per cent of revenue.c Designs require higher technology R & D requirements, and companies maintain consistently higher R & D inputs that help improve the core competitiveness of their products.
Users of image sensor products import less than expected; consumer electronic terminals demand less than expected.