Performance in 2019 met expectations, and optical innovation contributed to the continued outbreak of cis — The annual Weir Stocktake Report — performance in 2019 met expectations, and the cis continued to explode, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company released its 2019 report, which in 2019 generated $13.32 billion (+40.51%) in return for a net return profit of $466 million (+221.1%) and the overall performance was in line with market expectations. We believe that the company, through M&As, has moved into the emerging cis market, in the context of the accelerated nationalization of semiconductor core devices, Beijing Hao.
Wei, as the world’s third largest cis manufacturer, will benefit fully from the wave of major developments in the optical industry. In addition, the new business of the Department has a strong synergy with its original business and looks forward to the future development of the company.
In 2019, R & D inputs from companies amounted to approximately $1.694 billion, with semiconductor R & D inputs as a semiconductor, and 14.92% of sales revenue from design operations. The company will continue to increase R & D inputs in the cos image sensor chip area.
Up to 83.56 per cent, according to the sub-operation, corporate design operations achieved revenue of $11.359 billion (+71 per cent), while the Māori rate was 31.03 per cent (+5.74 pct), of which cmos image recognition sensor products achieved revenue at the lowest/highest level in a year:
..is markets are promising, and the world's third largest chis leader is back on board. Cis is one of the core components of the optical module, with the highest cost, accounting for 52% of the overall cost of the camera module. The icinsights project that the global cis market space will reach $21.5 billion in 2023, downstream.
In the field of applications, the mobile market is still the largest end market for cis, and the car market will be the fastest growing cis application market. Howell technology is the third largest cis manufacturer in the world after Sony and Samsung, with a global leader in technology. By restructuring, companies have achieved vertically low-end high-school products in cis.
Full coverage: HowieTech is responsible for high-end cis research and development, volume production, and product definition and exhibition in emerging markets, and Spico is responsible for medium- and low-end cis research and development and volume production. We believe that there is a clear synergy between companies and HoweTech and Sbisk, and that there are prospects for the development of the cis, the third largest cis manufacturer in the world, will sail again.
Design and Distribution Together, The Third Largest Cis Lead Factory in the World Re-launching 2019-09-08