The optical track logic has not changed the power of howl growth and dynasty of Yuan Weijin @shzq.com
The company issued its annual report for 2019 on 9 April, which revealed total business income during the company ' s period of 13,632 million yuan, an increase of 40.51 per cent over total business income after retroactive adjustment in 2018; the company ' s return to its mother; and the favourable performance of Howe ' s reorganization, which was facilitated by multiple factors
In 2019, the company completed its acquisition of Howie and Spico in Beijing, and the main business shifted from the sale of electronic components to the cos image sensor. According to the annual report, Howie (including Spico) collected 9,320 million yuan and $10,405 million, respectively, in 2018-2019.
Howell’s profitability has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the high profile of the optical industry and the consolidation of the industrial chain. In terms of sales, the company sold 961 million cos image sensors in 2019, the income structure (2019).
The same-year growth rate was 78.9 per cent; on the other hand, the company broke through 48m and 68m pixels, with gross product interest rate hikes leading to a significant increase in profitability; at the same time, in 2019, the company ' s suppliers changed considerably in the context of an integrated circuit autonomous control policy plus.
Intra- and overseas trade disruptions have led to conservative purchases by downstream clients, and related business growth has been sustained by optical track plus corporate growth. Global semiconductor market size declined by 12.8 per cent in 2019 compared to the same year, but has benefited from smart hands.
The upgrade of the electro-optics module has led to an increase in the number of optical devices worldwide to an all-time high. icinsights expect the global cmos image sensors to reach 6.6 billion in 2020, and the continued upgrading of cellular optical products is expected to be the main driving force behind the industry.
As an example, mobile pre-cam pixels reached 32 million, mobile back-cam cameras reached five years of breaking 48m pixel image sensors, and actively distributed 68m products to boost company performance. The top five clients of the company accumulated 45.94% of the total income from the customer structure.
The first largest client accounts for 19.71%, and the company’s optical products win good feedback from the market. In recent years, the company has developed smart cars, medical markets, artificial intelligence, ar/vr, in combination with the expansion of the application of the optical industry and the rising demand for it.
In September 2019, Beijing Howe joined the table, resulting in a loss or gain of about $360 million for a minority shareholder in that year. In 2020, howell Beijing will combine the table and reduce the cost implications of equity incentives, and, in aggregate, corporate profits will continue to grow at a significant rate in 2020.
1) Control of the epidemic affects large fluctuations in the global economy; 2) smartphone optical upgrades do not match the view of Yuan Wai-jin. Furthermore, any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.