Weir shares, information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment, image-difficulting big races, and the country's leader.
Event: The annual report for 2019 released by Weir shares shows that in 2019 business income was realized Weir + Howe + Spico, designed, distributed, image-borne symbiotic resonance. If the impact of the retroactive adjustment of the financial statements is not taken into account, corporate semiconductor design revenue in 2019 was proportional to the main business.
The share of income rose by 83.56%, compared to 20.99% in 2018, and the sales of cis were two more pieces in the semiconductor chess board. Thanks to the previous years' design-distribution model, Well has accumulated a wealth of electronics supply chain resources, and Howie and Sbioco have joined.
Expanding the company's business to a vast market of Cis chipes, and using Will's powerful supply chain, total equity/flow (million shares) resources to open up the land of Howell, as was demonstrated by the beauty of the 2019 Cis and ic design.
The best evidence of co-effects is the total market value/flow (millions of dollars). Cell phones, security, multi-wheel drive cars, cis are growing fast.
In the age of chemistry, the image sensor (cis chip) as the device's "eye" is showing rapid growth, and ihsmarket predicts that since 2020 and 2021, when the global camera demand was different, the demand for the cis chip continued to be driven by a high number of cell phones, car cameras, security surveillance.
Good, HowieTech, as the domestic leader of the Chis chip, has benefited significantly from the second cycle of the climate cycle. If the impact of the current epidemic on global demand ends is not taken into account, what we have seen in the past few quarters is that the supply of the industrial chain chis chip has been strained and visible.
If the epidemic is gradually controlled by mid-2020, companies will continue to have tight and high growth, and supply chain localization is accelerating, and Will Howell will be born at a time like this. As a result of the list of entities, China represents the end-users of domestic mobile phones, security, etc., because of the supply chain security angle.
In this context, Weir and Howie's simulations, radio frequency, cis cores can be bold and pioneering in this wave of nationalization.
The product continues to be rolled out, the share of national production increases further, and the engine of growth increases. Ar/vr has unlimited potential, and lcos is ready. As 5g approach, its bandwidth and low-time delay features fit perfectly with the needs of vr/ar high-resolution images and content interactions in education, education, education, education, etc.
The image-difficulting track, the country’s leader, has a much deeper application in a variety of fields, such as medicine, real estate, and games, leading to a rapid growth of the ar/vr industry. idc data shows that the global volume of vr/ar shipments will reach 7.1 million in 2020.
23.6% more than in 2019, and by 2024 the volume will have increased to 76.7 million, with a composite annual growth rate of 81.5%. Howell's lcos products are better placed in the supply chain in ar/vr, providing a high resolution, low-looking, low-performance micro-projecting system.
Cost-effective and low-cost micro monitor solutions, which are expected to benefit from a quick profit forecast and investment rating in the ar/vr market: for the first time, with an increased rating. Well and Howiesbyko have been successfully combined, not only to broaden the scope of the company's business, but also to do a large scale of performance and borrow from each other.
In 2019, it was an event that further catalyzed and accelerated the alternative logic of national production. The current high-visibility cis climate cycle was the firm’s most explicit performance ballast.
Stones, and first-of-the-art lcos, provide firm foundations for companies in long-term races such as ar/vr. The company is expected to achieve net profits of 20.16, 26.96, 3.703 million yuan in 2020-2022. 1) The global epidemic is expected to spread beyond expectations; 2) consumer electronics are delivered below expectations; 3) semiconductor national production.
(b) Profit projections and financial indicators: Weir Stock Exchange Assessment Report
I've got an image of the Grand Prix, the leader of the nation's production, and I'm going to study the 9th North Avenue in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.