The company's annual report shows an income of $13.63 billion in 19 years, an increase of 40.5 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $466 million for the mother.
Growth of 221.4 per cent, year-on-year performance, accelerated quarterly by Howie ' s growth to a net return profit of $330 million in the first quarter, compared to $107 million in the same period last year.
The company’s continued profitability is mentioned as a significant increase. We expect 490 million profits in the q4 quarter and 96% in the ring (120 million yuan in the q1/q2/q3 quarter, 200 million yuan and 250 million dollars in the q4 quarter) and year-round revenue.
Optical upgrades continue, and \triangleright continues to strain the supply and demand of the chip \triangleright, on the one hand, and single cameras, on the other, continue to upgrade and high-pixel lenses permeate.
We expect supply constraints to continue as a result of high downstream demand and high-pixel product ratios. We see alternative ways for Howell’s state-owned production: the company’s current stock of important medium-to-high-end products is 32 m ahead, 48 m behind and high-value-added products such as 8 m long coke, 12 m wide corner, etc., and in September it started bulking, with a large volume in four quarters.
In the larger trend of chip domestication, companies will benefit fully from the dividends of the growth of the cis industry, with a steady increase in the number and value of image sensors in mobile phones, cars, security areas. Increase in research and development, layout of radio-frequency chips, and network of objects.
\triangleright 2019, the company's new multi-dollar radio frequency product is entering the production phase, and the volume and sales of the radio frequency chip are re-innovated. Building on the existing product lines, the company has set up several 5g radio frequency chip projects, and the 5g radio frequency switch project has introduced new ones.
The company has developed silicon products in mobile phones, smart sound boxes, tws headphones, smart robots, taking fully into account market performance requirements for silicon products with high confidence ratio and low capacity.
Small-scale low-capacity products developed by the company, currently at the lead of the country, have been adopted by well-known national brands.
2. Weir shares (603501) are reported on a yearly basis as a steady growth in business and stock incentives are being amortized.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.