The city’s share continues to rise in the second half of the year, and the capital is expected to outpace expectations. The semi-annual review of conch cement (600585), published in the semi-annual report in 2018, achieved business income of $45.74 billion in the first half of the year, a year of growth.
Cement sales were 58 million tons and 84 million tons, respectively, an increase of 2 per cent and 10 per cent over the previous year, with a slight increase in supermarkets. National cement production fell by 0.64 per cent in January-June.
Division sales continued to increase at a very high rate, with business-market rates continuing to rise. 2018q1 and q2, companies had a single-quarter ton of cement net gains of $81 and $97 per ton, respectively.
By the first half of the year, the company's clinker and cement production had increased slightly by 2 million tons and 9 million to 248 million tons and 344 million tons, respectively. In the first half of the year, the Battambang project had been launched, and six months of the new overseas project had been profitable.
Xu Hyemin is rich and has grown bone production capacity by 6 to 30.9 million tons in the first half of the year. In a context of environmental tightening, the scarcity of bone and mineral resources has gradually increased.
Capital investment has recovered in the second half of the year or hit the bottom. Cement demand is concentrated in the real estate and capital industries. Real estate demand is expected to remain stable in the second half of the year from the current work start and housing finance monitoring. The cumulative capital investment in January-July 2018 was only 5.7 per cent higher than in the previous year, and is low in the new year. But with local debt easing, capital investment is expected to remain stable.
In the second half of the year, there's a recovery in demand, supply runs past the peak limit, and the price of cement is expected to be on the 15th floor of the Central Sea International Center, 28 West Side Street, West Side.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.