Conference [0914.hk; 600585.ch] reportedimpressiveresourcesagainq2; reinteratebuy consultativereportedarecurringnetprofitofrmb 8.2bniq2218, up123% yoy
And nowthehighendoftheguidanceprovidedinthepositiveprofittalert.blendasp 2018.1h18netprofitiquivalentto 54%ofthefull-yearconsensusforcast.thisug - gestestreesliskilislistofthefull-yearforcast, basedonthehistoricalseasali-
During the summerseasionastchinaestsouthsoinaisesmuchsmallersonweex: hk$48.55(ag22,208)disaccounttoourh-sharetargateprice, Basedontheaveragediscountinthepastfew
. ..theupcomingpeakseasonwillbeakeycatalyst, insource. investigationhighlights priceperformance
q2recurringnetprofitsurged 123% yoy.expludingsome-offgainsrecordedin q22017, recurringnetprofitinq 2208jumped 12.3% yoytormb 8.2bn.revenue grew47% yoytormb27.3bn, drivenby(i) volumegrovethof12.7%to83.8mtonnes
And (ii) edibleasppricerserrommb 236/tonneinq 22017 totm 316/tonnein 2018 (q12018:rmb124). Impressiveoperatingcostcontrol.operatingcostswererm1.8bninq 22018, at
21% yoy, mouchslowerthanrevenuegrrowthof 47%. The company'sbalancesheet source: bloomberg continedtogetstronger, with the Netcastpositionexpanding fromrmb 10.5bnatend
We're $29,930m marketcap sharesoutstanding
The kpmg audit
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm just...
Upcomingpeakseasontobeamajorcatalyst.conchcementistradingat8x2018eperand2.02x2018epbr.weexpecttheupcompaakseasonofconstruc-tionactivitytobeakeycatalysttrivethesharepriceheher.
Sourcees: company, cgisresearch keyfinacials conchment (00914.hk; 600585.ch)
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I's going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
Sourcees: company, cgisresearch keyfinacials conchment (00914.hk; 600585.ch)
This post is part of our special coverage Egypt Protests 2011.
We're not going to be able to do this, we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it.
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Jurisdiction whereuchdistrition, publication, availabilityorusewouldbedtrarytoappliablelawortureorwhowouldsubjectchchina galaxyinternationalsecuritys (longkong)co., limed ("galexyinternationalsecuritys") and/oritsgroupcompaniestoanyregistorizationrequilificationwithinschjurisdiction.
This report (includinganyinformationattached)issuedbygalalaxyinternationalsecuritys, oneofthesubsidiaresofthechinagalaxyinternationalforesting strategyd, to the Internetdirectionaldirectionoftheinformationssourcessourcesbelievetoberieriable, butnorepresentationorwarranty (expressedly orimplied), idiosteotheiracuracy, corredictness/orcompletency.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
imitatedandanyofitssubsidiarias (“chinagalaxyinternational”),directors, officers, agentsandeloyees("theelevantparties" . allopinionansandestimatesreflexthejudgmentofthejudgmentoftheanalystonthedateofthisreportandandandandandadorarestubjectoutnotice.chinagalaxyinterna-tion/ortheleeventpartiesherebydisclaimanoftheirlibilisesarisingtheinacuracy, incorrectnessanpletentessofestessreport
I don't know what you're talking about.
International. chinagalaxyinternationalmayjavefinancianinternationalinterestsindationtothesubjectedcompany(ies) thesecuritiesinsinsepectofwhocharereviewedinthis report, and suchinterestsaggregatetoanamountmayequaltoortoormorethan 1%ofthesubjetedcompany(ies)'marketcapitalization.
Oneormoredirectors, officersand/oremployeesofchinagalalaxyinternationalmaybeadirectorofficerofthesecuritiesofthecompaniesreport. chinagalaxyinternationalotherelevantsmay, totheextentpermittedbylaw, fromtimetomeparticipateorinvestinfinintintintinchingtransac-
tions with the securityofthecompaniesmentationofmentationoftheothereon, orthinvesrestedtheothereto.chnagalaxayhaservesasmanagerorco-managerofapubliscriptionofofor, orcorrentlymaymakeaprimararymarketin
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
And (2) nopartofhisor hercompensationwas, is, orwillbe, directlydirected, relaidtospecificviewsexpressed bytheanalystedhisreport.
i) hasdealtinortradedin thesecuritiescoveredinthisresearchreportwithin30calendardayspriortothothateofissueissuesueof thisreport; (2) whildealilinortradeinthesecuritiescoveridhisresearchretreportrebusinsessdaysday sfterthedateofissueofthisreport; (3) hasservas anofficerofofofofthehongong-listedcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and (4) hasannyfinancialinterestsin thosehong-lictedcompaniescov-
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
No partofthistismalmaybereprodudoredistributedwithoutthepriorwrittenconsentofenagalexyinternationalsecuritys (hongkong)co., 20/f, whingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.