Sea conch cement acquisition, increased market control in the Guangdong region, increased full shareholding in Guangdong Guangying cement, further increased layout in Guangdong province, and improved clinker in the province.
To benefit from the high profile of the industry in Guangdong Province, the new acquisition capacity will quickly turn into a new profit growth point for the company.
At present, there are three clinker production lines, five milling lines, and a total of 2.6 million tons of clinker production capacity. Once the acquisition is complete, conch cement will be out in the clear city with three subsidiaries: Anglo-German conch, Quantified Cement, Guang-Cement, clinker production, etc.
6 million tons, 3 million tons, 2.6 million tons, a total of 9 clinker production lines, 15 milling lines, a total of 11.6 million tons of clinker production capacity.Cement markets in Guangdong Province continue to be stymied and supply and demand strained: they benefit from continued population inflow and pull-out
According to the digital cement network and Mandalay, the current unit price in Guangdong is $422.15. In June of that year, the Guangdong province produced 13,023.1 tons of production, the ring relative to the fall, and the supply-demand relationship continues to be tight.
The acquisition of Guanging Cement to strengthen control in the South China region will quickly translate into a performance growth point: conch water, mud and dung Cement have a higher market rate in Guangxi Provinces of Guangdong and, according to data from digital cement net displays, conch Cement produced at the end of 2017 in Guangdong Guangxi to 14.725 million tonnes and
15,965,000 tons of Chinese cement, which has been purchased, has enabled Guangdong Province to break through 17.3 million tons, reducing the gap with Chinese cement and strengthening its control over the provincial market. On the other hand, conch water, which has a wealth of production and acquisition experience throughout the country, will be transformed in the short term.
In Guangdong Province, the price of cement fluctuated over time, and the acquisition business was less integrated than expected. Sea conch cement: performance growth is strong, and industry is expected to improve.
Considering the growth in performance brought about by the acquisition of Guanging Cement, we believe the company's revenues for the three-year period 2018-2020. Cement Prices Weekly: The Prices Continue to Sino-Golden International, Inc. 20150914.
Building materials: cement construction (8621), 20328348