Chrysotile cement (600585.sh/0914.hk)
38.0rmb/46.0hkd 2018 Cement industry maintained a high-winding cycle in the first half of the year, with a steady overall increase in downstream demand, while benefiting from the positive effects of supply-side reforms, effective supply-side contraction, and low industrial stocks.
The price of cement products has risen significantly over the years, the profitability of the cement industry has increased significantly, and companies, as industry leaders, have led the profitable industry, with net profits growing by more than 80% in the first half of the year. Capabilities have been ahead, valued undervalued, and investment proposals have been maintained to “buy-in” shares.
2018h1 Performance exceeded expectations: companies issued a forecasted annual growth in performance in 2018, expected increase in the price of beneficial cement and significant increase in profitability: significant growth in corporate performance over the year was mainly due to the positive impact of supply-side reforms in the cement industry in the first half of 2018, which maintained high performance weeks
q1’s low-season cement sales price did not drop significantly at the end of last year, sales were counterproductive and slightly increased, and demand recovered during the q2 season, which led to a relatively large rise in cement prices and a sharp increase in corporate revenue and net profits.
Marketing and capacity: downstream demand in the cement industry stabilized in the first half of 2018, demand in the south-west region was relatively good, and overall sales of corporate products increased slightly, while prices increased considerably. We expect the public sector to sell about 135 million tons of cement clinker in the first half of 2018, or about 1%; tons of product sold.
The net profit from sales exceeded $90, the same-year increase of over 80%, and the level of profitability increased significantly. Future outlook: We judge that the current national investment and new start-up is still at a high rate, providing a strong boost to the steady growth of demand in the cement market, while supply-side reforms will continue to deepen.
The impact of such measures as the faulty production restrictions and environmental protection is still on, with no additional production capacity in the east and centre of the year, and it is expected that the overall high-growth cycle in the cement industry will continue and market concentration will increase steadily. Companies are leading the industry, and future performance growth will be more certain. But as the base period rises in the second half of the year,
The same rate of growth will return to a stable growth zone. Profit forecasts: we've been working on the company’s year-round forecast of net profits in 2018 and 2019, with shares equal to 7.4 times and 7.1 times, respectively, and pb 1.6 times.
In the first place, the profitability was ahead, the valuation was undervalued, and the “buy-in” investment proposal was maintained. (Expected return; er) the expected remuneration was preferred, as described below: