The rise in prices dominated high performance growth, with overseas expansion as a point of view of conch cement (600585), which was reported in mid-2018.
In the first half of 2018, companies achieved a gross operating income of $45,742 million, up 43.36 per cent from the same period the previous year. Of this amount, the Eastern region achieved business income of $13,982 million, with sales increasing by 53.37 per cent, and the Central region earned business income of $9,898 million, with an increase of 42.22 per cent.
The Māori rate continues to be positive at one-to-one rate. The Māori rate of the company, driven by rising prices, has risen significantly in the same year, by 13.41 percentage points, and Māori tons to $13.59 per ton per ton, although the cost is $171.9 per ton per ton per ton, and the cost of marketing is $11.67 per ton per ton and 0.21 per ton per ton, and the cost of managing tons is $11.12 per ton, and 0.95 per ton per ton.
Tons of financial costs are -0.46 dollars, a decrease of $1.02 per ton over the same period. The cost for the company ' s period was 6.98 per cent, a decrease of 2.52 percentage points over the same period. Its percentage points; the financial cost was -0.14 per cent, a decrease of 0.38 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is $12,942 million, with a net interest rate of 29.10 per cent, an increase of 6.98 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. The company’s annualization of the roe is 27.93 per cent, and it is helping to develop more environmentally friendly technology than the same year.
\triangleright also has a clear advantage in wetting devulcanization techniques, in electric dust collection on clinker production lines, in truckloading, inorganic emissions management at stacks, noise management, etc. The company's “Cement kiln Steam Carbon Dioxide Purification Demonstration Project” is about to be launched on a pilot basis at the White Ma Hill cement plant.
As supply-side reform progresses steadily, environmental surveillance is increasing, and companies will benefit from input and innovation from environmental technologies. - Active deployment of overseas markets is expected to become a new profit growth point.
The offshore market is expected to be a new profit growth point for companies as the company’s overseas deployment improves. During the reporting period, the sales volume of overseas projects grew by 56.43% compared to the same amount of $482 million, or 44.96%.
\triangleright clears the path to development through both domestic and foreign extension and foreign capacity-building and market opening. Maintains the firm's “very recommended” investment rating. \triangleright
Figure 1: Māori rate change in conch cement
Figure 4: Single-quarter operating income of conch cement Figure 3: Changes in net asset returns of conch cement single-quarter
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xing bonds, engaged in building materials, analyzing the research views of the researchers themselves. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.