Girconium (600585) Construction materials 2018h1 full price increase, upscaling company year-round performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its mid-year report in 2018 and realized operating income of 45.740 billion yuan in January-June, an increase of 43.4 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother, of 12.94 billion yuan, an increase of 92.7 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities rose at a flat annual price of 2018 and continued high performance growth.
6.87 per cent (up to 143 million tons), the increase in sales averages raised the overall Māori rate by 11.86 percentage points (up to 44.83 per cent), and the maintenance of a high average price of cement was a central factor in the continued high growth in corporate performance.
In the mud industry, as previously judged, the year 2018 continued to be 2017. In January-June 2018, the entire cement industry produced 1 billion tons, down 0.6 per cent from the same year, of which 15.6 per cent went down in March, and more robustly warming in April-May, due to spring spring plus late work.
As a result of the decline in real estate and infrastructure, the demand for cement may have remained a small contraction, with a marked improvement in the pattern of competition on the supply side due to the policy guidelines of the cement industry “to ban new production capacity” and “environmental failure”, and cement prices will continue to run at historically high levels in the second half of the year.
Performance is highly certain, mainly because the average price of cement is flat. We judge that if there is no significant decline in cement demand, the synergies between cement firms will be difficult to break, and the cement industry will be sustainable.
From the point of view of industry, the region most benefiting from environmental errors in 2017 was the East China region, where the company, as the largest clinker and cement producer in the East China region, fully enjoyed a full increase in regional prices, and the company would continue to benefit from improvements in the basics of the industry in 2018. In terms of outreach abroad, developing countries have capital and urbanization dividends, although domestic water is available.
The mud industry has been struggling to expand abroad, but it is in the right direction, and we are looking at the company's active overseas layout, which is currently largely stable in the framework of the company, which has expanded to countries such as Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, Russia, etc., and as an international giant in the cement industry, the valuation hub should be moved up.
Tail cement (600585); industry climate rises and the risk of continued benefit for taps (2018-01-07) slides; (3) the risk of production failure below expectations; and (4) the risk of overseas project expansion below expectations.
The atmosphere, increased concentration in the industry, the company's share in the South, the West and overseas markets, cement and clinker, scenario 2: continued improvement in the basics of the cement industry, high cement prices, marked increase in the company's tons of Māori, cement and scenario 3: no significant change in the company's three rates.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for the period 2018-2020 as follows:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.