Silicon taps are solid and focused on improvements in the supply side of the industry - a study on the dynamics of the company's shares (600438.sh).
$105052111008 zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn June 29, the front page of the People's Daily published a review article, "In Breaking Up the Book."
Quality Development in Competition, with a Price Warfare in place at iuodx@cfsc.com.cn. 6th meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Commission, 1 July
There is a clear demand to govern low-priced competition in enterprises and to promote the exit of backward production as a new signal against inward-roll policies at the national level; on the same day, the publication of the magazine "Yes" was published in the magazine Deep Awareness and Integrated Management of “Intra-rolling” Competition.
The Ministry held the fifteenth manufacturing business symposium, at which 14 photovoltaic enterprises and industry associations made an exchange of presentations, at which it was made clear that low-cost competition in the photovoltaic sector should be combated.
The recent intensive release of these signals suggests that, in the context of the backlash, the national level is developing strong measures to deal thoroughly with low-priced competition in the photovoltaic sector, with more policy options.
Work has been under way on reducing production in the industry, and the price of silicon continues to improve. Recent production reductions have been carried out at the core of the upstream light-voltage: the top ten heads of the country have agreed on a 30 per cent reduction in production at the glass factory, and glass supplies are expected to be available in July.
The silicon branch reveals that the multi-crystal silicon chain is trying to form a consortium with more than 70% of the capacity of a leading firm to buy another 1 million tons of capacity in debt. We believe that the future will be strong as the policy evolves.
So far, the silicon firm has a single upward offer, and the price on July 7 shows that the silicon plant has been able to close/relay some of the orders from $35~36/kg last weekend up to $37/kg, mainly because of the recent policy orientation of the "reverse inner volume"
Industry self-regulation. It is expected that silicon prices will increase further as producers respond to the policy, adding up the output to lower their own prices.
The company is a global photovoltage integration locomotive, forming a whole industry chain layout from upstream industrial silicon to the end of photovoltaic power plants, with industrial silicon capacity of 300,000 tons, multi-crystal silicon capacity of 900,000 tons and battery capacity of 150gw by the end of 2024.
(tnc) Components produce more than 90gw. The company ' s high-purity crystal silicon production is the world ' s first in a row for many years, with a high-purity crystal silicon sales of 467,600 tons in 2024, about 30% of the country ' s annual production and a solid market share.
Cogeneration and silicon consumption have recently fallen to 46 degrees and 1.04 kg, respectively, keeping the industry in the lead and decreasing as process upgrades and business performance improves.
The company is expected to benefit directly from the price and profit restoration of the industrial chain while maintaining its lead in terms of volume. Industry is expected to benefit directly from the price restoration of the industrial chain brought about by the photovoltaic “reverse inner volume,” first of all.
Secondary coverage, with a “buy-in” rating. Policies fall short of expected risks, photovoltaic demand short of expected risks, significant increases in raw material prices, increased competition, and large-scale systemic risks.
Law of Heaven: Master of Financial Engineering, cfa, and frm bearers. Shanghai Transport University, financial undergraduate, four years of experience in financial research, covering photovoltaic and storage energy. Rodione: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, double degree in energy and power engineering and finance, Xian Transport University.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or observations in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.