The decline in demand for new materials in the north has led to a performance pressure, a policy of growth sustainability, a similar reduction in net gains, and a relatively robust cash flow performance: 1-3q, a revenue of 15.310 billion yuan.
The same reduction of 3.9 per cent; the equivalent reduction of 14.0 per cent in the net return to the mother is 2,345 million yuan. q3 companies achieved revenues of $4,937 million, or 14.8 per cent; the net return to the mother was $708 million, or 20.1 per cent.
The same price of scrap paper and the higher price of asphalt have reduced the company's cost of working on cast boards, while the cost of waterproofing operations has been higher; at the demand end, new start-up and completion of 20221-3q properties have been reduced by the same size, affecting the need for cast plates and waterproof materials.
Green building materials policy plus, new water-proof regulations are in place: three departments, including the Ministry of Housing and Construction, require the use of the Government's average daily turnover of three months (million yuan). Procurement policy actively promotes the use of green buildings and green building materials, and cast boards are energy-efficient, environmentally friendly and light.
Net liability ratio (%) Quality and economic advantages for future development; new water protection regulations are officially published and are expected to further expand construction materials in China Ltd.
The demand space for water-resistant materials has increased the market share of the company’s water-resistant business, considering the start-up and completion data on 28 October 2022, which is still weak, and our small adjustment of profit projections.
In 2022-2024, the company earned 215.8, 237.9 and 26.21 billion yuan; the net return to the mother was 33.0; and construction materials: construction materials.
Waterproofing operations affected corporate cash flows, price increases for raw materials were higher than expected, and downstream demand continued to slow down. (8621), net revenue was equally reduced, and the q3 Māori ratio increased slightly
Māori rates, net interest rates, small fluctuations, and a stable rate over time: the combined Māori rate of 20221-3q was 29.78%. The company’s Māori rate and parent rate fluctuated, but to a lesser extent, during the reporting period, despite a decline in cash flows over the same period.
The cost of waterproofing operations is high and the demand is affected by the weak start-up process. The increase in the price of asphalt is higher than the pressure of waterproofing operations, with weak completion data or affecting the need for gypsum and waterproof materials. The combined Māori ratio of the 20221-3q Division shows a small decline. At the cost end of the scale, the average price of waste yellowboard paper in a country is RMB 2,020.95 per ton.
The average price for the sbs modified asphalt market was $4,863.67 per ton, or 27 per cent more. The company’s cardboard operations had reduced the pressure on their operating costs, with the cost of waterproof operations being higher; at the demand end, the area of new start-up and completion of 20221-3q had fallen by 38.0 per cent, 19.9 per cent, respectively, and had a negative impact on the company’s cardboard and waterproof operations.
For the leading companies in the gypsum industry, with a high market share, a high bargaining power, and the ability to transmit cost changes to keep the gypsum flat and relatively stable, we believe that the q3 cardboard business has a more or less strong Māori rate, which leads to a certain decline in the average price of the scavenging waterproof business in figure 5.20221-3q.
Figure 6.20221-3qsbs shows a marked increase in the price of modified asphalt on a year-to-year basis.
The Circular on Expanding Government Procurement in Support of Green Building Materials for Building Quality Improvement Policy calls for the use of government procurement policies to be proactive in promoting the application of new forms of building industrialization, such as green buildings and green materials, the vigorous development of assembly, smartness, etc., and the full construction of green buildings of two or more stars. As compared to traditional building materials, cast boards have the advantage of energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, fire-resistant, lightweight and economics.
On October 24, the Ministry of Housing and Construction issued the General Building and Municipal Water Protection Code, which will be officially implemented on April 1st, 2023. This code has increased the number of years of work on waterproofing engineering, and the number of waterproof tunnels is high.
By the end of June, the company had promoted 15 waterproof materials production bases and became one of the leading companies in the waterproofing industry. We believe that the demand space for downstream waterproof materials will be opened following the release of the new waterproof regulations and that the company will benefit from a further increase in its market share.
Gold current support may affect the company’s cash flow performance. 2. The price increase for gypsum boards is less than expected: while companies can pass on a certain cost pressure through the gypsum price increase, there is uncertainty that the increase will be fully implemented.
Prices of raw materials are higher than expected: if the prices of asphalt and important coal raw materials continue to rise, companies will bear greater cost pressures.