Performance met expectations, statements maintained high quality Income/ring decline, Māori ratio decline, year-on-year increase, and volume decline is the main reason: \triangleright
q3 is affected by high temperature weather, epidemics, weak real estate demand, a similar decline in income, and a similar decline in cardboard sales and waterproof shipments is expected, with a greater impact. From a price point of view, gypsum plates are subject to a series of price increases, flat price increases, and waterproof prices are expected to remain stable.
But coal and asphalt are still under greater pressure on the same basis, mainly affecting cast and waterproof rolls. The company continues its “a dime” program, upstream layout cardboard capacity, partial resistance to cost pressure and proper price transfer of cast boards, thus enabling the q3 Māori ratio to be 29.24%, which is still higher than it is.
(+0.95pct). Increased cost, mainly due to lower income, lower spread of costs, low overall leverage and low financing of 1.0 North-South new wood (000786.sz) semi-annual report for 2022
2. Plasma sheeting continues to exercise the right to raise prices, waiting for the “turnover” of the building to be quickly and fully warmed back to 2022/08/21 2. New material construction north (000786.sz) to be reported in the first quarter of 2022
q1 shows an over-expected performance, a decrease in the price of gypsum plates + waterproofing, a decrease in cost amortization, and a decrease in the cost of management/research and development costs in absolute terms.
Billion dollars, although other current liabilities are 2,056 million yuan, the cost of corporate financing is low, such as the first round of 1 billion super-paste re-marketing, the continued pressure on water-resistant profits and the 2022 net operating cash flow, which continues to be positive: the net operating cash flow of the company is 650 million dollars, and the net cash flow is maintained.
Businesses are mainly accounts receivable, with fewer bills, with an increase in the end-of-period accounts receivable in relation to the same year, with a certain rise in the ring, which is estimated to be mainly generated from waterproof operations, and are estimated to be related to the appropriate liberalization of the cardboard policies, but are generally benign, with only 27.4 per cent of accounts receivable and notes/revenues, also dominated by distribution structures.
The wind is well controlled, and there are few credit cards in the past. The Japanese stock price response is 12x, 10x, 9x, and the focus continues to be on the continued expansion of the cast-plate capacity, the continued exercise of pricing rights, the gradual growth of the second main water-proof industry, the increase in the three-cell skeletal accelerator ratio, and the 4-slurries.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.