Not only high sales and prices, but also high investment and innovation investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) July 30th, Huanhua Chemistry published its semi-annual report for 2021.
• In the second quarter, the company achieved a net return of 6.91 billion yuan, a return to historical highs at a high base, and a comparison of prices with the trend of 300 cents, with a gross profit of 210.24 billion yuan, an increase of 148.26 billion yuan in the first half of the year.
Annually, the company ' s financial costs were 664 million yuan, an increase of 68.25 per cent over the same year; the management costs were 844 million yuan, less rapid than the growth rate of the harvest and the high demand for the market. 2021h1, the company ' s research was due to increased investment in research and development in new materials, etc.
Net cash flow from corporate operations of $1,185 million, an increase of 76.25 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of labour; a decrease of 1.28 per cent over the same period; a decrease in cash flow levels, mainly due to an increase in receivables; and the number of days spent on the company ' s inventory
The company's business efficiency has improved considerably. The company's inventory of 15.7 billion yuan, a significant increase of 6.8 billion yuan in the same year, and we think that because of the increase in the stock of raw materials and products, on the one hand, because of the price increase, and because the company's production of 500,000 tons/year mdi, on the other hand, it is temporarily impossible for the key material to be phenylamine.
The small increase in corporate accounts payable on bills and accounts, receivables and accounts on the same basis is mainly due to an increase in sales income. The company ' s capital expenditure in 2021 h1 was $11.308 billion, and it has been six months in a row for two years.
A large increase in sales of both products has been achieved in the same year and a small increase in the ring scale below the high base, and how do you understand that the performance of Mandarin q2 is higher than expected? High profitability levels have continued.
Volkswagen is becoming an industrial chain enabler of 2021- .. (1) polyurethane plate: the year of overseas mdi demand 3. Coth created the force majeure of the German mdi device.
2021h1, polyurethane plate yields 28.42 billion yuan, an increase of 111.8 per cent over the same period, and global polyurethane market demand recovered significantly in the first half of 2021, and market demand continued to rise. On overseas markets: quantitative easing in Europe and America, stimulating downstream consumption demand, China benefited.
Explosion in maritime markets is also evidence of a strong demand for product exports. On the domestic market side: the domestic economy is better, rising consumption is further contributing to higher demand for polyurethane.
In the textile paste, the supply and demand of the ammonia industry has continued to grow; the lack of formaldehyde has become a trend of custom furniture and has begun to penetrate into the general refurbishing market; modern cold chain operations are fast-growing; polyurethane platinates have grown considerably in this field with their superior performance:
“Category-neutral” has also created a good external ring for polyurethane use in the energy-efficient area of construction, falling to $17909 per ton, and the price of China’s pristine mdi fell from $24160 per ton of q1, to 20532 per ton, while the price of raw materials, such as pure benzene, rose and domestic mdi products were produced.
One-ton profitability declined slightly. At the same time, the prices of mdi exports have been increasing since this year, owing to the shortage of the overseas mdi market, with the average unit prices for the exports of polymer mdi and pure mdi in May, respectively, at $2057 and $2696 per ton, respectively, having been higher since 18 years; and the prices of polymer mdi and pure mdi in June.
The average unit price is $2034 and $2666 per ton, respectively, and remains high. With the arrival of the "Golden 9 silver 10" demand season, the volume of sales: 2021h1 polyurethane plates sold was 18,95 million tons, an increase over the same period.
Tens of thousands of tonnes/year to 1.1 million tonnes/year of technological expansion, and as the devices reach production, companies increase their sales of mdi. At the same time, chemical installations in some overseas areas are affected by extreme weather and the supply of products such as mdi is limited, combined with continued improvements in overseas demand, resulting in domestic exports of mdi in March-June
All remain at historical highs, of which 1,128 million tons were exported by polymers in May, and the increase in exports may be mainly due to the build-up of megawatts. According to April-June Mdi exits, the sum of polymersmdi has reached $162, 232, and 155 million, respectively, for two months.
This will result in excess profits for domestic mdi firms, including Van Hwa. Figure 2mdi's monthly changes in export prices. Figure 3mdi's monthly changes in export measures.
Compared to the beginning of the year, Mdi overseas production is now recovering, but supply-chain tensions remain. 2021h1, the overseas market not only has force majeure in a large number of mdi devices, but also in a related supply chain.
Exportable, global mdi supply chain tensions due to the fact that domestic mdi expansion is now not only becoming fully self-sufficient but also needs to outsource one part. Global mdi supply chain tensions are expected to maintain •(2) petrochemical plates: ethylene project yield and stock yield contribution performance.
2021h1, the petrochemical plate generated 27.6 billion yuan, an increase of 159.93 per cent over the same period. In this ratio, the fully-owned subsidiary achieved 22.730 billion yuan in pyrotechnics and a net profit of 2.80 billion yuan, mainly responsible for acrylic, butadiene, acrylic acid and esters, rect. butol, neo-pentadiol, tertylene.
Production and marketing of ethanol, epoxy propane, mtbe, etc.. The sales volume of the 2021h1 petrochemical plate was 43.92 million tons, an increase of 81.2 per cent over the same period, q2 single-quarter sales of 2,738,000 tons, an increase in the ring over the first half of 2021, which was exceptionally affected by the rise in crude oil prices and offshore installations, and petrochemical products as a whole.
The price of Brent crude oil rose from $51.8/bpm to $75/bpm at the beginning of the year, contributing more to the cost of ethylene and polyvinyl hydrocarbons products. Domestic chemical demand was stable, rising, and overseas demand was gradually returning to normal levels, but some of the overseas installations were abnormal, leading to an anomaly.
In the first half of the year, global prices for petrochemical products were mostly on the rise. Stock gains from underground caves. Based on production and sales data for the first half of the year, we assume that the company Upg traded about 3 million tons, equivalent to the level of the first three quarters of 20 years, with about 12.6 billion.
In addition, the company ' s petrochemical series of products pursues an efficient business strategy and continues to work deep on the lpg/olefin business model.
The impact of the field has increased rapidly; the HD platform continues to be optimized, with continuous upgrading of interactive (3) new material plates for clients: product market expansion has accelerated, price spreads have increased for some products, profit levels have increased by $6.59 billion for new 2021h1, an increase of 106.2 per cent over the previous year.
The sale of new material plates by companies was 331,000 tons, an increase of 47.3 per cent over the same period, q2 one-quarter sales of 166,000 tons, ring 1.2 per cent: production of new material plates by 2021h1 was 357,000 tons, and the profitability of some of the products of new material plates by companies 2021h1 continued to improve, product market promotion was increased.
Quick. Price differentials: pc products continue to rise at historically high prices of water, with continued high price differentials leading to higher profitability, as a result of a decline in raw biphenola during the 2021q2 period and an increase in RMB/t-77,000/tonne. Market extension and new product pushers
Face: The company ' s addi and special-drug operations have increased rapidly in terms of the global layout and stable production supply, and the customer ' s share of the market has risen rapidly: the process of industrializing new and emerging operations such as tri-dollar orthodoxy materials, degradable plastics, etc. has been actively advanced. In recent years, companies have been increasing their research and development investment in new materials.
Development spending has increased year by year, with 21h1 spending on R & D reaching $1,222 billion, equivalent to 17 years of its existence. With the four-year doubling of R & D costs, Huanhua has begun to pay off with the expansion of new material products and higher profitability levels, and the future new material plate is expected to become a company.
Wenhua continues to rise in the top 50 for global industrial enterprises, and recently, the United States News of Chemistry and Engineering (c&en) published the top 50 for global industrial enterprises in 2021. Wenhua ranked 29th and 3rd for $10.6 billion.
Vanhua is now ranked first in the row of 67.5 billion dollars, with highly integrated industrial chains, deep integrated clusters of polyurethane, petrochemicals, new materials and fine chemicals, on the one hand through continuous and increased technological innovation, on the other hand.
In addition to expanding the internationalization landscape, deepening the construction of a system of excellence, and sustaining the growth of the company; and following industry trends, construction of degradable plastics, tri-polar material, separation of pure material, Baspúf has also increased significantly since this year and gradually emerged from the epidemic.
Basff achieved business income of €19.8 billion, an increase of 56 per cent over the same year, €2.4 billion before taxes on special projects and a cash flow of €2.5 billion from operating activities. Sub-operationally, sales of chemical products of €3.4 billion, an increase of 91 per cent over the same period, were due to insufficient supply of products.
As a result of strong market demand and a marked increase in prices, sales in the area of materials business amounted to €3.7 billion. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decoupling of its global pigment operations has been completed, with decentralized and pigment operations renamed as decentralized and resin operations; surface treatment technology sales amounted to Euro5.9 billion, a significant increase over the same period, especially in catalytic operations; and nutrition and care operations amounted to Euro1.6 billion, a comparison.
2% growth: sales in the agricultural solutions business area amounted to 2 billion euros. * Project construction and technological innovation have progressed steadily and have gradually become an enabler in the industrial chain. Project construction: 2021, many of the company ' s projects are in the EAC phase and are expected to continue.
Expanding the corporate circle of competencies. The new products announced in the EAC include lemon formaldehyde, pbat, pvc, aquatic resins, modified polyurethane resins, lithium battery triomaterials, pdms, cdx, etc., as well as projects such as Ningbo and Fujimdi extension, polyether polyols, etc.
Sex. According to information from the Steam-based Industrial Parks, the base of the 480,000 tonnes of binola integration project was completed, the underground pipe was substantially completed, the steel structure was installed at 20%; the construction of the chemical base was substantially completed, the main body works and the steel-structure framework were being advanced, with approximately 55% completed;
The Manpower Lemon Aldehyde project has been completed, the security design section has been approved, the E.C. has been reviewed and is awaiting approval, the major building map review has been completed, the construction drawings are under way, and about 55 per cent have been completed.
Technological innovation: optimized technological upgrading of products such as company md1. Reaction efficiency has increased significantly, energy consumption per unit of product has decreased, and the company’s existing advantages have been consolidated.
Six months ago, companies applied for 251 patents for domestic and foreign inventions, and 284 new patents were granted for inventions. In addition, companies have been working with upstream and downstream firms to become industrial chain enablers. In recent years, Manchuria has been strengthening strategic cooperation with upstream and downstream firms, both as beneficiaries and as enablers.
According to our statistics on China's chemical industry, over the past year, 10,000 Chinese have made strategic agreements with a number of companies, including Abu Dhabi State Oil, three trees, Chinese chemistry, China Central Control Technologies, the Great China Shares, the Longevity Group, the Orient Rain Rainbow, etc., in polyurethane, petrochemicals, new materials, information.
On the one hand, through cooperation between enterprises, it can promote itself in the areas of technological innovation, process development, marketing of products, procurement of raw materials, and optimization of management;
On the one hand, an open and innovative attitude is also needed for cooperative firms. The risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company’s human capacity: the risk of large-scale diffusion of its core products, such as technological breakthroughs or joint ventures; and the lack of progress in project delivery.
Considerable fluctuations in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installation of force majeure; contact person: San Xiangxiang, Master of Chemical Industries, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.