Accelerating green power and new energy distribution, with an expected early carbon-neutral investment rating: buying (maintaining) on August 27, China's nuclear power announced the establishment of China Nuclear Energy Company Limited.
China proposes to co-finance the establishment of China Nuclear Energy Corporation Ltd. The new energy sources upstream of the Quest are still available to build a new one under the "Category of Carbon"
Huanhua is actively responding to carbon neutrality through new energy configurations such as nuclear power, wind power, light points, and so on. Huanhua is a traditional chemical enterprise that consumes a great deal of coal in its production. For example, the price of Wanhuamdi's company compares with the trend of 300 deep.
Tons. At present, Mdi production capacity in Huanhua is 2.3 million tons, powering coal consumption alone is more than 2.5 million tons, and there is great potential for clean energy alternatives. In the context of carbon neutrality, new coal targets are becoming increasingly difficult, and it is likely that future corporate capacity expansion will be limited by coal targets.
In order to continue to scale up production, China must consider how to reduce the use of powered coal, using clean-up projects that can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by more than 900,000 tons, equivalent to 360,000 tons of coal, which is just the beginning.
Huanhua is beginning to be active in new energy sources upstream, such as nuclear power, wind power, and PV. Without increased coal use, coal indicators are used on raw coal, and it is theoretically possible to recreate new energy materials downstream of the layout.
The Van Wayto petrochemicals platform, high-value-added fine-chemicals and special-purpose materials are gradually industrialized, starting with the deployment of new energy materials downstream. (1) Three-dollar orthodoxy materials are the first industrial products to move on to new energy materials.
In terms of project progress, the company acquired the results of the bidding for the Open Lithium Industrialization Project Automated Stereotypes on 12 December.
The successful bidding process meant that the lithium battery was not far from the launch date. The tonspoe project, which had been announced in the Ethylene II project, was expected to be operational in three years.
1. The Fujimdi project began to install equipment, and in the future it will become more definitive. We believe that the ratio of Poe applications to the photovoltaic industry will continue to increase. Currently, Poe photovoltaic film has only 12 per cent, mainly because Poe is priced with the eva
2. Not only high sales and prices, but also high investments and relative advantages, but with corrosion problems associated with photovoltaic components of the evambrane envelope, the low water and gas penetration of the photovoltaic components of the poe membrane cap will result in the components ' longer useful life.
• The EU plans to introduce carbon tariffs, pre-carbonization, and the opening of overseas markets.
Recently, the European Union has put in place a series of proposals to address climate change, including a carbon tariff mechanism. On March 10, the European Parliament voted on the carbon boundary adjustment mechanism (cbam) bill. On that date, the European Commission formally launched the legislative process, which established the period 2023-2025 as a transitional period, 2026
Formal implementation began, covering mainly five areas: electricity, steel, cement, aluminium, and fertilizer. The refining, petrochemical, paper, etc. sectors proposed in the original bill were not integrated into the collection, but in the long run the EU is likely to expand the range of industries and products.
At its core is its carbon trading system (EU carbon market, eu-ets). In its resolution on carbon tariffs, the EU stressed that carbon tariff mechanisms should reflect the eu-ets “polluter pays” principle and prevent the risk of global carbon leakage. Thus, foreign imports of the same kind also need to pay for carbon emissions.
Ember provides daily price data for the European carbon market, where the price of eu-ets rose from a minimum of €2.97/tonne (April 2013) to more than €60/tonne in the near future. High carbon prices mean that future EU carbon tariffs will not be priced too low.
• Adequate cash flow and low financing costs are the bottom line for new energy sources, new materials, and new materials.
Adequate cash flows and lower financing costs can reduce new energy sources, new materials items, on the one hand, and the purpose is to increase the return on investment and allow greater room for error, and to build more high-value-added, “crystal” projects, on the other hand, and to accelerate projects through financing once technology and industrialization are proven feasible.
(1) mdi’s high-profit ability to generate sufficient cash flows to enable him to deploy in many new sources of energy and materials. The company has maintained a reasonable asset liability of around 60%.
At the same time, cash volumes and operating cash flows have largely remained on the rise. To benefit from the industry boom in the second half of 2020, the company had more than $17.5 billion in monetary capital in 2020, accounting for 13.1% of total assets.
The low cost of corporate financing is mainly due to excellent management performance and good credit ratings. Since 2018, the ratio of company interest costs to borrowing has also remained largely below 6%.
In terms of overseas financing, the Fitch Bbb+, Puppe bbb, Moodibaa2 rating. The nominal interest rates for bonds are 3.6% and 4.0%, respectively, based on a three-year rating of baa2 and ba2, respectively.
Induced that the short- and medium-term financing rate is estimated at around 3% overseas. The lower financing costs can, on the one hand, reduce the return on investment required for new energy, new materials, and have greater room for faulty construction of more high-value-added, “cricket” products;
On the other hand, following the validation of technology and industrialization, it is possible to speed up project construction through financing, in time to produce, and to capture markets and achieve economies of scale. The risks of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company’s human capacity; and the lack of progress in the implementation of the project
and expected; high volatility in product prices; high volatility in oil prices; risk of installed force majeure; and risk of less than expected development of seedlings.1 New energy sources upstream of the layout still have opportunities to recreate under “carbon neutrality”
Huenhua has been active in addressing “carbon neutrality” through new energy deployments such as nuclear power, wind power, light points, etc.. By using mdi as a transmission ton, it needs to consume about 1.69 tons of raw coal and 1.1 tons of powered coal. At present, Mdi produces 2.3 million tons of coal, powering more than 2.5 million tons of coal alone, with enormous potential for alternative clean energy sources.
In the context of carbon neutrality, new coal targets are becoming increasingly difficult, and it is likely that future expansion of corporate capacity will be limited by coal targets. Therefore, in order to continue to scale up production, Man-hwa will have to consider how to reduce momentum.
And that's just the beginning. Huanhua is starting to make a positive strategic layout for new energy sources upstream, such as nuclear power, wind power, and PV. In the future, coal indicators are being used for raw coal, and it is theoretically possible to build a new one.
Figure 10,000 Mdi Industrial Chains of Tobacco Stations 1.1: Joint venture with China Nuclear Power, nuclear power project in Shandong, China's nuclear power announcement recently stated that it was going to work with the Manchuria Chemical Development Investment Control Group and the Smoke Station Blue Sky Investment Group
One billion yuan (51%) and one hundred and fifty-five million yuan (29%) have been allocated. The new nuclear energy operation in Shandong is responsible for research and development, construction, operation and management of clean energy, heating, thermal storage, storage, desalination, etc.: technical advice and training of personnel; self-employment and brokering of imports and exports of goods and technologies (except for those prohibited by the State).
Nuclear power is an important new energy layout for Shandong Province. The station uses the development of the nuclear power industry as an important initiative to promote new and old energy power conversions in the energy industry, creating a "New City of China's Nuclear Energy Industry" card. According to "New Energy in Shandong Province" , it has thousands of kilowatts.
Prospective or planned nuclear power projects, all of which may in the future create 1.2 wind power: a joint venture with HMG for the development of a 93mw decentralized wind power project.
The first phase of the project, with 48 mw installed, 16 wind generators with a single capacity of 3,000 kw, 110 million degrees per year, 100 million per year per year in the second phase, resulting in a total equivalent reduction of 80,000 tons of coal and an annual reduction of more than 200,000 tons of carbon dioxide. The wind power project is fully profitable.
With local high-quality wind energy resources, easy transport and better access to electricity systems can be effective in improving the monopolized structure of local power grids, which is dominated by fire power, providing clean and renewable energy to urban grids, reducing gas pollution, and protecting local ecosystems, particularly by playing a positive role in promoting sustainable development.
1.3 Photovoltaics: a joint venture with the Energy Group to develop 600mwp light-complemented photovoltaics.
16266 acres of light-complemented photovoltaic power stations. The project has a installed capacity of 600 mwp, with an annual grid capacity of 700 million degrees, etc., reducing coal by 28 million tons and reducing carbon dioxide by more than 700,000 tons per year. The project takes full advantage of the region’s solar power sources and builds photovoltaic stations on shrimp and crab farms, using the complementarities model, which can provide even more for shrimp and crab growth.
A good environment, with energy-saving emission reductions, a win-win model for “water power generation, underwater farming”, “dual land-use” that maximizes the economic value and efficiency of land per unit area, while at the same time optimizing the structure of marine industries, vigorously developing “circle industry chains”, building modern ocean economic upgrades, and promoting standardization and convergence of marine industries
Chemical, industrial development has a good demonstration-driven effect. 2 new energy materials downstream, tripods, poe combs, Vanjuato petrochemical platform, high-value-added fine chemical and special-purpose materials are being industrialized.
New energy materials downstream of the layout. 2.1. Three tons of solid material. Ten million tons of experimental material.
This is the advantage of rich resources, rich hydropower resources, near-lithium battery downstream markets, and a sound industrial chain. The 50-million-watt chemical layout battery industry chain.
In April 2020, Huanhua invested $101 million in the purchase of all shares of Cheon Fu. According to the environmental evaluation report published in 2017, it had 5,000 tons of lithium phosphate and 6,000 tons of tri-polar material. In October 2020, Huanhua chemistry proposed to invest $1.16 billion in the construction of the Maroon Mountain II project, which was completed.
In February of that year, the environmental evaluation report for the Trinity of Lithium Electric Materials Project, which produced 10,000 tons a year, was accepted by the Eco-Environmental Department of the City of Kyonyama. In March 2021, Huanhua invested 736 million yuan in the Lithium Batteries Development Pilot project, which will allow the production of triads using the former production line of Cheuk, which is expected to be launched in the near future.
On January 12, 2021, Huanhua opened a bid on the Lithium Battery Industrialization Project Automated Stereotyping Bank. Henzhen was successful in winning a bid for the Logistics Systems Engineering Company Ltd. On March 12, 2021, Huanhua made a public call for the results. The successful conduct of the tender for the Automation Stereo House means that the lithium cell is not far from the launch date.
Figure 60 million Lithium Battery Project development history Chart 70 million BMW Base II Product Programs
11.626 million won, or 51.84 acres of land, mainly for the construction of production workshops, warehouses and other ancillary facilities, and upon completion of the project, 10,000 tons/year of material produced in the form of 3 yuan/year and 7,700 tons/year of sodium waterless sulfate by-products. 4584.292 acres are proposed for phase II and 584.292 acres for phase I of the Elbow Mountain project, so that there are approximately 3,500 acres of land available at the Meadows base.
In terms of development, this leaves great room for future projects related to the expansion of new energy sources. 2.2poe: Planning 200,000 tons of energy for the photovoltaic sector.
The annual stockholders meeting in Manhua showed that Poe's future market is large, and the test products in the company can now be largely imported. From the firm's focus, Poe will be the next major race in the chemistry of all.
The level of industrial chain integration and the self-sufficiency of raw materials not only reduces the impact of price fluctuations on intermediate products, but also increases the value added of corporate products to take full advantage of the scale effect. The first project provided for the production of polyether polyols (one of the polyurethane raw materials) ethylene and epoxypropane, and eliminated the risk of transport for the external purchase of ethylene oxide; pvc
Devices can consume the by-product of the mdi project hci, reduce the impact of the mdi start-up rate, and promote industrial balance development. (2) The Ethylene II project uses part of the serocephalic oils to spread the price risk of the feedstocks; increases aromatic hydrocarbon products, step by step, to increase the self-supply of the polyurethane industrial chain; and advances into the high end polyolefin market, with the proposed construction of 200,000 tonnes/year polyethyl
In recent years, there has been an increase in the results of the patent applications for ploughing gold catalysts, α-vinyl hydrocarbons. At the same time, a special catalyst research and development agency has been set up.
Kwanghua (Beijing) Ltd., a holding subsidiary established by Wanhua in Beijing, was established in 2003 to develop not only mdi and polyether-related catalysts, but also for polyolefins and other petrochemical products. In addition, in 2019, Huanhua strengthened the recruitment of talent for a core component of high end polyolefins, the mooring catalysts.
The “professional requirements” in a university hiring brief emphasize high molecular/chemical processes (magnetic metal catalysts synthesis) Chart 110,000 chemistial applications for high end polyolefin-related patents in recent years Poe will continue to increase in the photovoltaic sector.
The market is currently 12%. Although Poe does not have an advantage over the price, the photovoltaic components covered by the film can cause corrosive problems, while the photovoltaic components covered by the film can be corrosive.
The main factors that currently prevent Poe from replacing the eeva in the field of photovoltaic are the relative higher costs of poe, and the inefficient production of poe processing. In practical applications, the composite model of the eva+poe+eva is used through the eva+poe+eva.
Structures, which can combine the advantages of both, will significantly boost the application of poe in photovoltaics if the thinness of the membrane can be controlled by technological means.3 The EU adopts the carbon tariff bill, and new energy materials will be laid out in new energy sources.
On March 10, the European Parliament voted on the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBM) bill, which is planned to be inadequate in response to climate change.
On 14 July, the European Commission officially launched a legislative process to establish the period 2023-2025 as a transitional period, with its implementation beginning in 2026, covering mainly the areas of electricity, iron and steel, cement, aluminium and fertilizer.
In the long term, however, the EU is likely to expand the range of industries and products. The basis and core of the EU's carbon tariffs is its carbon trading system (EU carbon market, eu-ets). The EU stresses in its carbon tariff resolution that the carbon tariff regime should reflect the eu-ets “polluter pays” principle to prevent global carbon leakage risks.
According to Ember’s daily price data for the European carbon market, the price of eu-ets rose from a minimum of 2.97 euros per tonne (22 April 2013) to more than 60 euros per tonne in the recent period. High carbon prices mean that future EU carbon tariffs will not be priced too low.
On new energy sources and new energy materials, Wanhua is pre-empted by EU carbon tariffs. Minimizing the impact of non-European carbon tariffs on corporate exports. Figure 14 EU eu-ets carbon prices
4 Adequate cash flow and low financing costs are the bottom line for new energy sources, new materials.
The return on investment, with greater room for error, to build more high-value-added, “cricket” products; and, on the one hand, to accelerate project-building through financing and timely production of productive capacity to take over the market, the high profitability of mdi, which brings sufficient cash flow to the city, can sustain the many new sources of energy and new materials.
The company has remained at about 60% of its reasonable asset and liability levels, and the cash flow has largely remained on the rise. The industry boom in the second half of 2020 benefited from the company ' s capital in 2020, which exceeded $17.5 billion, or 13.1% of its total assets.
The low cost of financing is largely due to good management performance and good credit ratings. Since 2018, the company’s interest-to-lending ratio has also remained largely below 6%.
The combined completion of 13 periods of super-short-term finance and one period of short-term finance, totalling $15.18 billion, with interest rates of less than 3 per cent, were rated. On the basis of the three-year medium-term credit rating of baa2, bar2 bonds, the nominal interest rate was 3.6 per cent and 4.0 per cent, respectively, and the estimated short- and medium-term interest rate for overseas finance was about 3 per cent.
Market recognition of HD’s credibility and profit stability helps to reduce the cost of corporate financing on the international market, while also providing guarantees for overseas construction and pipeline construction. Chart 20 Impact of overseas financing ratings on financing costs (part of newly released dollar debt since 2020)
Risks of increased internal management due to the expansion of the company's human capacity; less than expected progress in the project's implementation; high volatility in product prices; large fluctuations in oil prices; risks of installed force majeure; less than expected progress in vaccine development Contact: San Xiang, Master of Chemical Industries, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Bachelor of Chemical Sciences, Qinghua University.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.