WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Strong recovery post COVID-19 disruption
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB142.20
3Q22 earnings in line. WuXi AppTec reported 3Q22 revenue of RMB10.64bn,
(Previous TP
RMB185.17)
up 78% YoY (71%/66% YoY for 1Q/2Q22), attributable recurring net income of
Up/Downside
81.1%
RMB2.38bn, up 143% YoY (106%/65% YoY for 1Q/2Q22), and attributable
Current Price
RMB78.50
adjusted Non-IFRS net income of RMB2.47bn, up 82% YoY (118%/49% YoY for
China Healthcare
disruption in 2Q22. Earnings are in line with our forecasts with 3Q22 revenue /
Jill WU, CFA
adjusted Non-IFRS net income accounting for 27%/28%, respectively, of our
2022 full-year estimates. Revenue growth in 3Q22 accelerated by 2.3 ppts to
80% YoY and adjusted Non-IFRS GPM improved by 2.3 ppts YoY to 38.6% under
constant currency exchange rates. Supported by its solid financial position
Benchen HUANG, CFA
combined with abundant operating cash flows from large scale CMO projects,
WuXi AppTec has decided to terminate its H share placement plan, which we
think will boost market sentiment on the stock. In addition, management revised
revenue growth guidance to 70-72% YoY from 68-72% YoY for 2022E, and
Stock Data
reiterated its revenue CAGR target of over 34% in 2021-24E.
WuXi Chemistry continued to record strong growth from both non-
COVID and COVID CDMO projects. WuXi Chemistry revenue jumped by
115% YoY in 3Q22, mainly driven by the 192% YoY revenue growth of
chemical CDMO services. Based on our estimates, the Company booked
Shareholding Structure
(~RMB1.5bn/RMB2.7bn in 1Q/2Q22), accounting for ~34% of WuXi
Chemistry revenue. Excluding the commercial-stage COVID-19 projects,
revenue of WuXi Chemistry segment still delivered a solid growth of 41% YoY
in 3Q22 (52%/23% YoY in 1Q/2Q22), indicating an increasing demand from
non-COVID-19 projects as well. It's worth mentioning that CDMO revenue
from oligo & peptide projects increased by more than 4-fold to RMB1.1bn in
9M22, contributing 13% of chemical CDMO revenue (excluding the
Source: FactSet
commercial-stage COVID-19 projects).
12-mth Price Performance
WuXi Testing and WuXi Biology rebounded from the negative impacts
of COVID-19 pandemic in 2Q22. Revenue of WuXi Testing grew by 28%
YoY in 3Q22 (32%/17% YoY for 1Q/2Q22) while revenue of WuXi Biology
increased by 37% YoY in 3Q22 (26%/12% YoY for 1Q/2Q22). WuXi AppTec
continued to enhance its competency in various fields such as drug safety
assessment, medical device testing, SMO and drug discovery services (i.e.,
DNA Encoded Compound Library). The Company has built the largest drug
Source: FactSet
discovery team in the world, functioning as a critical project source for its
downstream services, such as CDMO and clinical CRO.
Consistent globalization efforts. In Aug 2022, WuXi AppTec initiated the
construction of its large-scale drug product manufacturing facilities in
Delaware, the US. The Company also announced to invest US$1.4bn in next
10 years to build full-suite R&D and manufacturing sites in Singapore. We
believe its fast-growing global network will enable the Company to better
meet the growing and diversified client demand.
Maintain BUY. We revise our TP from HK$185.17 to HK$142.20, based on
a 10-year DCF model (WACC: 10.94%, terminal growth rate: 3.0%).
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets. Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or is
this report; (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her co
directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in t
research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this rep
interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does not provi
advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of
events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctual
the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategi
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its affiliate(s)
report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor ar
agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the infi
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM has
ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The info
change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of its cl
should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be away
conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipien
be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended from
are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person w
CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independent of the control of the control of the control
research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Au
subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distrib
other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the Financial
Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research
under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an I
the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.