Gold prices rose and gold resources continued to grow. Gold International (stock code: 000975.sz) Gold sales dropped slightly: company minerals, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc powder in the first half of 2025.
The average sales price of powder and zinc concentrate is $724/g, $6317/kg, $146,51/ton, $15712/ton, and the cost of selling silver, lead and zinc concentrate units is +3 per cent, +4.8 per cent, 19.4 per cent and +6.2 per cent, respectively.
Cost increases. Measuring mineral gold, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc powder, single tons of gold mineral resources in the first half of 2025, with a clear forward increase: in the first half of 2025, the company Qinghai Tsailonglong Trench square kilometres; and the acquisition by subsidiaries of gold and polymetallic mineral prospecting rights in the Xiangxi city of Yunnan Province.
On the overseas side, the construction plan for the osino project in Namibia began fully in the fourth quarter of this year and is expected to be operational in the first half of 2027. The company’s mineral resources are more continuous and the forward mineral gold increase is clear.
Investment proposals: The expected reheating of the Federal Reserve interest reduction is expected to boost the continuation of the Global Gold Etf Fund’s purchasing power to support the rise in gold prices. Corporate gold mining resources are more sustainable and growing. Predicted) risks of geopolitical changes overseas; 4) Central America’s tariff implications exceed expectations; 5) publics
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.