Six-monthly performance was well controlled by the high-cost rise in gold prices, and the same year-on-year performance was reported as the high-event evaluation report by Shankin International (000975.sz) which released its semi-annual report for 2025: the first half of 2025.
$1050521120004  A small decline in the volume of core products produced at the production level, the company produced 3.72 tons of mineral gold in the first half of 2025.
Tons. 61.83 tons of mineral and silver produced in the first half of 2025, or 24.82 per cent of the year, and 22.05 tons in the first and 39.78 tons in the second quarters of the year, respectively.
At the volume level, in the first half of 2025, the company sold 4.12 tons of mineral gold, compared with 23.39 tons in the first and 58.1 tons in the second quarters.
In terms of prices, the average price of gold at Shanghai gold transfer H1 in 2025 was $720/g, compared to 1+38.27 per cent in 2025. The average price of q1 in 2025 was $669/g, compared with the cost of the company ' s combined amortization of mineral gold in the first half of 2025.
This is stable, with a year-on-year increase in performance, and the advantage of low-cost gold mines is highlighted by the parallel development of incremental projects and resource reserves.
3 Mountain Gold International (000975). Goldfalls have been effective in opening up overseas mining mergers and acquisitions.
The construction of the plant is planned to begin in the fourth quarter of this year and is expected to start in the first half of 2027, resulting in the acquisition of 52.07 per cent of the share in the mining industry in western Yunnan, thereby obtaining the cloud in its possession.
In the same month, the Hua Sein Gold Mine, a subsidiary of the city of Man, acquired the right to explore for gold and polymetallic mining in the city of Yusai, Yunnan Province. In the area of mining production, the company acquired the right to explore for prospecting in the area of gold and polymetallic mining.
The exploration of prospecting at the deep end of the trenches and on the outskirts of the East An gold mines has been very effective, with an additional reserve of 3.85 tons of metal with a grade of 5.79 g/t. Given that the gold price remains strong, the company's “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
1) The Fed failed to reduce interest rates as expected; 2) corporate gold and other mineral production slipped; 3) company gold mining costs rebounded significantly; 4) offshore mining was not easy, etc.
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.