Gold prices drive profit growth, the Hong Kong stock ipo goes well. \triangleright \triangleright \
Review: Price uplifts profit margins. Volume: company mineral gold/mine silver/lead powder/zinc refined in the first half of the year. Sales in the first half of the year were greater than production, almost equal to the same amount; 2025q2 mineral gold/mine silver/lead powder/zinc powder production Qiuzu
Gold production is not less than 8 tons, other metals are not less than 2024, and the total production data for the first half of the year are consistent with the annual cost of mineral gold/magnetium (after combined amortization) of 150.96/2.83 yuan/g, compared to 3.1 per cent/+4.8 per cent.
Cost is almost equal; profit: benefiting from higher metal prices, company first half-year mineral gold/magnetized silver plate Māori 1. Mountain Gold International (000975.sz) first quarter of 2025. Port share ipo is listed as: accelerating overseas operations to further deepen the corporate globalization strategy.
\triangleright Rating: Price-driven performance up and Mang City moving well towards 2025, consolidating the position of the industry while making better use of the advantages of international capital markets, optimizing capital structures and shareholder groups
In order to expand diversified financing and enhance corporate governance and core competitiveness, the company plans to plan a Hong Kong share 2. Mountain International (000975.sz) annual report depth 2024 3. Mountain International (000975.sz) three-quarter reporting point 2024.
The Yunnan region is progressing well: in 2025, the company acquired approximately 52 per cent of the \triangleright shares in the mining industry in Haihua, Man City, as well as the right to prospecting in the stable, large dam area of Yunnan Shanxi City, and the city ' s recovery has continued.
Namibia ' s forward contribution: the company completed the Osino stock transfer on 29 August 2024, the semi-annual 2024 reporting point of Mountain International (000975.sz). Its core resource twinhills gold mine has 99 tons of gold resources, with an average grade of 1.09 g/t.
Assessment: The value of the plan has risen substantially, with approximately 5 million tonnes/year of design capacity expected for the selected plant, up to 5 tons of gold per year, full maintenance of the postnatal gram, substantial increase in profit per year, and gradual landing of the plan -
The cost is $1011 per ounce. In addition, there is a push of around 28 tons of broken gold resources and a grade of 1.13 g/ton in the area of rights to prospecting in the undundu gold mine under the osino flag.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.