Mountain Gold International (000975.sz): Industry high, August 21st, 2025.
Mountain International has continued to build up its stock and improve its performance elasticity: the company published its semi-annual report for 2025. The company achieved business income of $9.246 billion during the reporting period.
The company is one of the leading gold producers in China, covering areas such as gold exploration, mining and marketing. The company owns five gold mines and one lead zinc and silver polymetallic mine.
The gold price hub has continued to rise, the company's gold reserves have increased, the multi-metal selection process has been optimized, and the company's record performance has been boosted by the resonance of gyros in mid-Black Rock, a gold mine with a high domestic grade.
The forest pavilion is a mine with a relatively advanced level of domestic production management, with great potential for increased prospecting in the Qinghai region, and increased resources in the Yulong Company. During the reporting period, the company was located deep in the Qinghai Great Trench and in the Eastern Angry Mines.
Mining is currently the largest single outlet of the country's mineral silver (with silver content), with 3.85 tons of metal and 5.79 g/t in value. As of 25h1, one of the body mines. According to the Chinese Gold Association, 2024
The company ' s exploration area for the right to prospecting covers 5984 square kilometres (compared with +2.7 per cent at the end of 24) and the resource reserves include the continued growth of the company ' s annual mineral production on the national gold market.
6th place in the Division, the company is also the Māori miner with a high rate of gold, with net profits of 242.98 km2 in 2024 (compared to +29.9% at the end of 24); overseas, the company is Namibia's son.
The company has 5741 square kilometres of prospecting rights (up from +1.8% at the end of 24). Currently, the company is moving forward with the filing of the stock evaluation of the Chinese gold deposits and accelerating the processing of gold and polymetallic deposits in the dam area.
The company will continue to invest more in exploration, accelerate the transfer of existing mines, and actively promote domestic and international mining.
Mergers and acquisitions of high-quality mining resources further increase resource reserves. 25h1 gold production is largely in line with planning, with later output elastically focused on reproducing projects within and outside the country. Interception rates reach 111%. Multimetal output observations show that 25h1 company yields of mineral silver/lead powder/zinc powder.
The production of lead or zinc concentrates increased by +10.2%/+80.4% depending on seasonal factors, and the production of mineral gold and zinc concentrates was largely in line with expectations, but production of mineral silver and lead concentrates has yet to increase. We believe that the company will continue to have a larger year, along with effective optimization of its smelting process and capacity utilization.
Probability to meet production targets, with a recommendation to focus on the optimization of the operational status of the Eastern Angry Mines and the optimization of the output of the Great Chaidan. Observation from the perspective of forward output of the company's mineral gold ... The Namibia Osino project, acquired by the company in 24 years, has entered the construction cycle, the construction plan for the selected plant is expected to begin in full in the fourth quarter of 25 years, and the mine is expected to start in 2027.
On the domestic front, the Chinese gold mine is expected to resume production in 2026, with an advanced capacity of mining gold of up to 3 tons. In combination with the output of other mining projects, the industry’s high-profile production process optimizes the profitability of the company’s mineral gold.
The rise in gold prices during the year contributed to the company’s continued level of mineral gold (+7.26 pct), with the company’s combined amortization raising the cost of mineral gold from $146.53/g to $150.96/g (+3%).
The cost of sales changed from year to year + 4.8%/-19.4%/+6.2%, and the company’s ability to control the cost of lead powder was significantly enhanced. During the reporting period, the Yulong mine successfully applied the full-tailed cast-filling technique in the high-cold areas s14812406003
And the two-step process of "long-distance alleyway transect + second-level contemplation" to improve production efficiency, the source of wealth and efficiency in the East, and the efficiency of extraction to reduce the rate of mineral depletion; and the design of the sub-well collection area in Qinghai, Qinghai, to optimize the recycling of the mine.
The amount of stones is 13,000 tons (2.48 g/ton on average); the Gilling Temple has optimized the process of mining selection, increased the disposal of the original mine by 26 million tons, and implemented rock-powder technology applications to save the costs of the selection. It benefits from the company's green sustainable intelligence prize, which is a case of excellence.
The company is actively engaged in market value management, and is about to go to Hong Kong for listing and repurchase cancellation. To further deepen the corporate globalization strategy, accelerate overseas business development and consolidate the industry while making better use of international capital, market advantage, optimize capital structure and shareholder composition, expand access to diversified financing and enhance corporate governance.
On 28 July 2025, the company considered and adopted the Bill concerning the issuance of offshore shares (h shares) and their listing on Hong Kong United Exchange Limited. The Bill concerning the issuance of offshore shares (h shares) and listing on Hong Kong United Exchange Limited.
In addition, on 15 May 2025, the company adopted a bill at the provisional shareholders’ meeting to buy back and cancel a portion of the company’s shares, with the total amount of money to be used for the repurchase being no less than 100 million yuan, and
The return price does not exceed RMB 200 million, the repurchase price does not exceed RMB 29.70/share, and the repurchase period will be a uniform write-off from the shareholders, which will help to raise the company’s eps and shareholders’ rights and interests.
According to the 25-year-old quarterly report, the company Roe and Roa are both ranked in the Xen Wan gold industry, below the average of 43.09% (up to 24 years) of the gold sector, maintaining strong fiscal flexibility. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: taking into account the traditional gold-based approach to purely financial attribution pricing,
Prices are clearly reinforced by commodity supply and demand attributes, which determine price elasticity while supply and demand attributes determine price resilience. Gold has entered a structural constraint at the commodity supply and demand level, and prices will show a trend-prone and volatile pattern. We believe that gold prices are expected to benefit from hedge premiums, liquidity premiums.
There has been a steady increase in exchange rate premiums; the supply and demand relationship for zinc lead products has been stable and the projected price has risen steadily; progress has been lower than expected, and core clients of receivables have been at a higher risk.
Mountain International (000975.sz): High-intensity industry combined with optimal production processes to boost profitability, and sustained growth in production growth to improve performance elasticity.
Zhang Teng Fung Research, Investment and Team Management Experiences in Financial Derivatives. Used to be the investment manager for the East Hing Asset Management Program (cta) and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. Second and third prizes for joint research on options at the China Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE): Anteco, China
Presenter of metal bulletins, economic reference paper, registered rights lecturer at the Shanghai Futures Exchange, registered rights lecturer at the China Financial Futures Exchange, research assistant profile
Graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara, applied mathematics and economics, in May 2024, he took up his position as a researcher. Any part of his salary has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that Yamato International (000975.sz): high industry climates combined with optimal production processes boosted profitability and sustained growth in stock growth increased performance elasticity.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.