Investment rating: Purchase (first time) • Power share: high-end pcb core supplier, DCM double-wheel drive
Since its establishment in 1992, after years of development and long-term accumulation, the company has developed a comparative competitive advantage in terms of technology, quality, cost, brand, size, etc., and is one of the important brands in the pcb industry. The company’s main business has been focused on printing electricity.
The company’s pcb product is used for communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, auto electrons as core applications, supported by industrial equipment, semiconductor chip testing, etc. The company’s primary end-use application for printing circuit boards is the company’s core product.
The business communications market and the automobile application market. In 2024, H1 accounted for 73.81% of operating income, respectively, and the company ' s products were more technologically powerful, with higher profitability, and in terms of the company ' s Māori ratio, the business communications market ' s Māori ratio of printed circuit boards continued to rise.
• The overall trend in the pcb sector shows signs of recovery, with server applications increasing at the fastest rate. During the first half of 2024, the pcb industry began to show signs of recovery as a result of improved stocks and a gradual recovery of demand. Observing the current de-stocking rate and rhythm is expected to improve continuously by the end of the year.
One year. Prismark projects an increase in all sub-sectors of the multi-storey pcb market, which is expected to grow from $26.5 billion in 2023 to $32.5 billion in 2028, and a five-year average of $9,781 million in 2024 for the pcb market for complex server and data storage applications.
Up to $14,421 million in 2028, cagr compound up to 2023-2028 with a strong demand for the Qai chip, which continues to drive the pcb field, based on omdia data, is currently used for cloud computing and data centre artificial intelligence.gpu
The growth of other accelerated chips will eventually slow, but will not slow until the industry changes. Market size has grown from less than $10 billion in 2022 to $78 billion in 2024, and Omdia is expected to eventually reach $151 billion in uniforms by 2029.
The server pcb product needs to be synchronized with the server chip, which has a life cycle of three to five years and usually matures in two to three years.
It should be upgraded. According to the widely integrated technology offer, different server chips, different product architectures, different layers of pcb, the corresponding plate thickness and thickness ratios vary with the diversity and overlap of the chips.
• Automobile electricization and intelligence are increasing demand in the pcb industry. The main force of growth in the pcb value of vehicles is the increase in the penetration rate of electric vehicles, which (bev) have an average pcb value of about 5-6 times that of conventional fuel trucks, of which the pcb value is in the vehicle.
The highest concentration is in the electrical control system, which is about half the value of the car pcb, while the bms (butterymanementssystem, battery management system) in the electrical control system are currently primarily connected with wire beams. In light of the light quantitative trend in electric vehicles, the fpc (freexible) will be gradually introduced in the future.
The pcb price of the power control system will be further increased as automatic driving levels and penetration rates continue to increase, with the average number of electronic products, such as cameras and radars, increasing, with the pcb currently dominated by 4-8 floors and the self-driving system.
The higher unit price of hdi (highdensityintercontract) is about three times the price of 4-8 floors, and the price of hdi is up to tens of United States dollars for future cars for the lidar (lightdetection and ranging) of more than 13 self-driving systems.
The main end-points for printing circuit boards for the company ' s core products are the company ' s communications market and the car market. In 2024, h1 accounted for 73.81 per cent and 22.09 per cent of business income, respectively.
Business income from the production of circuit boards in the automobile application market was 2,024e - 2026e RMB 2,522 million, or 3 billion yuan, or 11 per cent, 5 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Clients maintain a high industrial climate and speed. We think that the power shares are a factor in the economy, a major supplier of pcb in the server, taking into account the profitability of the company's products, the demand for the collection of the goods, the failure of the company's research and development, the competition in the pcb industry, the pcb core.
One of the most important high-end pcb suppliers in the country, the i industry, opened up a public space for growth. 1.1 has been through more than 30 winds and rains, and the company has become a core supply of high-end pcb.
Since its establishment in 1992, after many years of development and long-term accumulation, the company has developed a comparative competitive advantage in terms of technology, quality, cost, brand name, size, etc., and is advanced in the industry, which is the weight of the pcb industry.
The company’s main business has been focused on the production, sale and related after-sales services of printed circuit boards. The company’s pcb product is in the core application areas of communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, automobile electron, supplemented by industrial equipment, semiconductor chip testing, etc.
Figure 1 The main core product of the power company, the product centre, has a wide range of applications. In the case of automobiles, the company’s end product is used in the brake system, turning to the system.
Power systems, new energy electrical systems, battery management systems, inverters, autopilot assistive systems (radar, camera head), body electrons, vehicle-borne recreation facilities, navigation, etc.; in power supply equipment, corporate end products are applied to straight-direct flow converters, high-end equipment/computer power supply; in computers/computers, corporate end products are applied to high-end
Servers and industrial computers; telecommunications infrastructure (wireless), corporate end product applications for base stations (4g, 5g, wimax,lte), antennas, filters and power amplifiers; core network (wired), corporate end product applications for high end routers, switches and storage (coated computing); semiconductor applications for corporate end product applications
Designed products for chips, emulators, state test products, aging test products, crystal circle tests, bearing boards and probe cardboard boards; industrial applications of company end-products for power control, temperature and humidity control, plant self-motivation, construction machinery, office equipment.
Founded in April 1992, the company ' s predecessor, Kunshan, began production in October 1995, mainly from the remaining orders at the time of the saturation of Nam ' s electronic production capacity; and in 1997, as a result of the Asian financial crisis, Nan ' s e-client orders were no longer able to meet their own productive needs, resulting in a significant reduction in the number of orders transferred to the company and insufficient start-up rates.
In order to change the passive billing situation, the company began to move away from electronic independence to market, technology and products; in 2000, the company autonomously developed hdi technology for applications in areas such as basic telecommunications equipment and automobile markets; in 2002, microelectric power was installed; and in 2006, the company was established, and has now mainly to facilitate the acquisition of orders by companies outside China and abroad.
In October 2009, the company started operating; in 2010, the company was listed in a small and medium-sized shop; in 2012, the Yellow Shirts and Yellowstone supply chain was set up; in 2015, the company ' s new plant in Quanshan successfully became operational and completed the relocation of the production-related plant in Quanshan. The new plant in Quanshan has successfully received the approval of all its customers in the old plant.
The company has successfully completed its pilot production and has been certified through nearly 30 domestic and foreign customers such as China, China, China, China Fire, Sharp, Japan, etc.; the company was founded in 2017 and, with the approval of its board of directors, acquired about 15.24 per cent of its shareholding in Schweizer, which increased to 19.74 per cent in 2019.
The company ' s car electronic board line at Yellowstone II successfully completed construction and testing in 2019, establishing the company-wide production line, which is now the most self-motivated and intelligent, and making steady progress in keeping up and expanding its competitive advantage, taking advantage of the adverse conditions, in preparation for the demand following the recovery of the electronic car market; and the establishment of the company ' s largest self-motivated and intelligent production line in Thailand in 2022.
Figure 3 The history and important milestones of the company, the Deschweizer Supervisory Council, whose functions are similar to those of the board of directors of Chinese companies, will enable the company to enter the Schweizer contract.
The company will work with Schweizer to accelerate the development and marketization of the technology. The company holds shares in Schweizer, which are accounted for as long-term equity investments.
According to the 2019 report, the company ' s Yellowstone 2 Automotive Board Line successfully completed construction and testing in 2019, set up the company ' s most automated and intelligent production line, making steady progress on sustained investment, taking advantage of good odds, and maintaining and expanding competitive excellence.
According to the 2022 annual report, companies, judging by the problems, trends, and prospects for p2pack technology in mixed power, purely electric automobile-driven systems, invested their share in the success of the project in late 2022.
Schweizer signed the Agreement on Transfer of Equity, after which, if the transaction is approved, Kwang Weize will become the controlling public division of the company, and the company will work with Schweizer to accelerate the development and marketization of the relevant technology and provide the support needed to facilitate the success of the deal, according to the 2023 report, which was founded in 2022 in Thailand as a controlling subsidiary of the company.
Perimeters: production, import/export, wholesale, retail, transport order, double and multilayered circuit boards, high-density interconnection plates (hdi), circuit board assembly products, connection lines and connectors for electronic equipment, and establishment of the Xinjiang Thailand
There are raw materials and related products and accessories for production, including after-sales and technical services. The company owns 99% of the stockholdings in the company, Nissan Electronics Ltd., which holds 99% of the stockholdings in the company.
The test work is continuing, and it is expected that in the fourth quarter of 2024, work will begin on the scheduling of the pilot production and the start-up of the new-capable client certification and the relative fragmentation of the stock structure of the company. As of September 2024, the Ng Reyuan family held 100% of the Biggering (bvi) Holdingsco. Ltd shares held 19.43% of the company ' s shares; Nanjing shares held 19.43% at the same time.
(b) Institutional investors in the top ten shareholder lists held six seats, with 2.9 per cent shareholdings;
According to the Network of Company Officials, in the context of its intellectual property strategy, companies deploy intellectual property as one of the core components of corporate innovation, actively adapt to the international context, build a strategic framework for intellectual property rights, develop plans for the protection and implementation of intellectual property rights, and improve the R & D system to improve the technological performance of enterprises.
At present, patented technology as a whole is at the forefront of national and international sophistication, becoming the company's most valuable core technology competition, 1.3 companies operate steadily and grow steadily.
The company’s operating income increased from $4.627 billion in 2017 to 2023, benefiting from the structural demand for pcb from emerging computing scenarios such as artificial intelligence, high-speed computing servers, etc. The company’s main end-point for printing circuit boards for its core products is the company’s communications market.
Benefiting from the strong demand for artificial intelligence and network infrastructure, corporate communications market boards have achieved business income on a continuous basis. Companies are investing in research and development in areas such as data communications, high-speed network equipment, data centres, mainly in signal integrity of high-speed products, power supply integrity, high-intensity complex structures, reliability, etc.
The next generation of generic server products has started to be technically certified; major technology for products supporting 224gbps rate (102.4t exchange capacity 1.6t switch) has been pre-developed; the oam/ubb 2.0 product has been delivered in bulk; the gpu class product has been prepared for production through the certification of step 6hdi; and in the network exchange product section, 800g switchboards have been shipped in bulk.
The company relies on technological strength and deep accumulation in automobile applications, as well as solid product quality, to further increase its collaborative research and development with a number of internationally recognized spare parts manufacturers and many new energy vehicles in the country to work together on the development of hdi products in such areas as sip, domain controllers, etc.
In terms of revenue, emerging product market end-uses increased from about 25.96 per cent in 2023 to about 33.69 per cent.In terms of the Māori rate of corporate products, the Māori rate of printed circuit boards in the corporate communications market continued to rise from the Māori rate of the main end-use areas of Figure 9  (2015-2024h1) in 2015
In the first half of 2024, the pcb sector began to show signs of recovery as a result of improved stocks and a gradual recovery in demand, and observation of the current de-stocking rate and pace is expected to improve continuously by the end of the year.
The inventory in the application area will be fully normalized. In 2024, the recovery year, Prismark estimates that the pcb market as a whole will grow positively, with production expected to grow by about 5.0 per cent over the year and area projected to grow by about 7.2 per cent over the year.
Figure 102024 Global pcb production forecast (product category), unit of output: millions of United States dollars. Figure 112024/2023 World pcb production growth forecast (product category) pcb industry experience a normal cycle from strong growth to weak growth and even contraction in the medium to long term.
Artificial intelligence, hpc, communications infrastructure, auto electronics, portable intelligence with advanced artificial intelligence, consumer electronic devices, etc. are expected to generate incremental demand. Based on a low base of 2023, Prismark projects that the pcb market will grow from $69.5 billion in 2023 to $90.4 billion in 2028, with five-yearly compounding.
The dominant manufacturing centre in the industry, but due to the product structure of the pcb industry in China and the shift of some production to South-East Asia, Prismark projected a combined growth rate of about 4.2 per cent in Chinese pcb in 2023-2028, slightly lower than the global rate, with China ' s pcb expected to reach about $46.5 billion by 2028.
Figure 122023-2028 World pcb combined growth rate forecast, unit of output: millions of dollars prismark projected growth in all segments of the multi-layer pcb market, projected to grow from $26.5 billion in 2023 to $32.5 billion in 2028, with a five-year average compound growth rate of approximately 5.4 per cent per annum.
The most robust growth will be in the area of server/data storage, with the total market for pcb for server and data storage applications expected to rise from $9,781 million in 2024 to $14,421 million in 2028 and continued growth in demand for 2ai in 2023-2028
In the first half of 2024, benefiting from strong demand for artificial intelligence and network infrastructure, corporate communications, market boards generated operating revenues of approximately $3.828 billion, a significant increase of approximately 75.49 per cent over the previous year.
The share of hpc-related pcb products in corporate communications market revenues increased from about 21.13 per cent in 2023 to about 31.48 per cent.In the first half of 2024, companies continued to invest in data communications, high-speed network equipment, data centres, etc.
R & D, mainly related to signal integrity, power integrity, high-resolution complex structures, reliability, etc. of high-speed products. The company ' s next generation of generic server products based on pcle 6.0 has started to be technically certified; the main technology for products supporting 224gbps speeds (102.4t exchange capacity 1.6t switch) has been pre-developed; oam/ubb 2.0 production
Gpu-type products have been bulked; they have been certified as 6 steps hdi, ready for production; and 800 g exchange has been bulked at the Web Exchange Department.
2.2 In the gpt series, gpt3 is a language model consisting of 175 billion parameters, while the gpt4 parameter is a trillion-dollar model.
Large model parameters are now widely published in the 10 billion to 100 billion grades. Such large parameters create new demands for chip providers, cloud service providers, and server manufacturers. Globally, gpt has the ability to change industry rules from the bottom, and as a capital of the aigc industry, the arithmetic industry will have a future.
To be a public service that penetrates all walks of life, IAC, as a public numeracy infrastructure, has become a key link in the aigc infrastructure.
Figure 15 Internet vendor input capex shows the current large model parameters in terms of demand, ranging from 10 billion to 100 billion parameters, and in the training phase, the demand for chips has shifted from a cpu+accelerator to a large-scale parallel calculation dominated by gpu. In the future, most of them are large.
The size of the model parameters at the trillion-dollar level will create a greater demand for arithmetic. Over single chip performance, intelligence can support the development of the ai industrialization through arithmetic production-movement-polymization-release. 2.2ai server area is growing rapidly, and Chinese market demand is strong.
Omdia's latest cloud computing and data centre AI processor projections report that the current high-speed growth of gpu and other acceleration chips for cloud computing and data centre AI will eventually slow, but not before the whole industry changes. Market size has grown from less than $10 billion in 2022 to $78 billion in 2024.
According to idc data, China ' s accelerated server market reached $9.4 billion in 2023, an increase of 104% over 2022.
It remains dominant, accounting for 92% of the market share, amounting to $8.7 billion. At the same time, non-gpu acceleration servers, such as npu, asic, and fpga, accounted for nearly 8% of the market share at 49% of the same rate, exceeding $700 million.
Market share: from the point of view of the number of server outlets, the three top players in Xinhua, with a market share of more than 50 per cent; from the point of view of industry, the Internet remains the largest purchasing industry, accounting for nearly 60 per cent of the overall accelerated server market, and most industries, such as finance, telecommunications, transport and health, have more than doubled.
In the international environment, US regulation of related technologies and products has limited the development of China’s ai industry on the one hand: on the other hand, it has stimulated the initiative of Chinese indigenous producers to self-research the ai chip. With the support of national policies, new products under the banner of many of the ai chip manufacturers have emerged, and the ai industry is emerging from its “deficit” dilemma.
In addition to the two main lines of development of higher numeracy servers and chips and production-based artificial intelligence, the industry will also be another focus in the areas of eco-building and green sustainable technologies across the board. From a market and industry chain perspective, market demand for ai servers will continue to grow in the context of a growing market for i industries and arithmetic markets.
Large model landings will have a significant impact on the market for i-industrial software adaptation solutions and arithmetic infrastructure. Artificial intelligence development is already at an early scale, with applications such as speech recognition, face recognition, text generation, graphic creation, etc.
The role of large model applications in everyday production life is becoming increasingly evident from the downfall of research models. Based on the training of big data and the continuous fine-tuning of models, large models of artificial intelligence have a more precise implementation capability and a stronger environment to migrate.
In 2024, the Chinese government committed itself to the intellectual transformation of industries, and artificial intelligence will provide better solutions for a wide range of applications in complex scenarios such as the Woncosm, urban governance, industrial manufacturing, and agricultural production. These large models have received widespread attention, while placing greater demands on the computing power of the training ai server.
Figure 17 China ' s accelerated computing server market forecasts Chart 18 China ' s share of the market for artificial intelligence chips reached nearly 1.4 million in 2023.
Ten thousand, about 14% of the total market share. An artificial intelligence chip used for reasoning accounts for 67% of the market share. The city continues to be eager to invest in large model research and development.
2.3 Switches are upgraded to open the pcb incremental market space Cloud computing, big data, 5g, and the use of information technology such as the Internet network offer new development opportunities for the network equipment industry. At the same time, the State is constantly encouraging and supporting informationization at the industrial policy level, such as “Internet+”,
Industry 4.0 and new infrastructure, among others, offer opportunities for the development of our network equipment industry. According to the China Exchange Sector Market Outlook Survey and Investment Financing Strategy Study 2019-2023, published by the China Business and Industry Institute, the switchboards accounted for the bulk of the market share in the Chinese network equipment market, reaching about 2022.
The size of China’s exchange market will increase to 74.9 billion yuan in 2024 as the switch is in the data centre network. Figure 192019-2024 shows the size of China’s exchange market.
The switch consists mainly of chips, lightware, plug-ins, blockers, shells, pcb, etc. The chip cost is the highest at 32%. The second is lightware, plug-ins, blockers, shells, pcb, 14%, 10%, 10%, 8% and 7% respectively.
Figure 20 swaps for pcb product configuration (exchange cost structure ratio) 2.4ai chips will continue to lead to pcb upgrades, for example, based on the product route announced at the Hotchips 2024 Congress in Canada, where the company introduced a new product route.
Blackwellgpu, with eight sets of hbm3e memory, paired with nvswitch5, with a port of 1.8 tb/s, 800 gb/s, a web interface card of connectx-8 and a spectrum-x800 and quantum-x800 switch with 800 gb/s.
As the most powerful chip in the world, the blackwell architecture gpu has 208 billion transistors, ensuring that the chip has a very high computing capacity and complexity; it is manufactured using a power-based 4 nanometer process, increasing its integration, reducing its power consumption and heat; and it is equipped with 192gb Hbm3e, which greatly enhances the chip.
In signal transmission, the fifth generation of nvlink increases the performance of trillions of parameters and blending expert ai models, and the newest generation of Invelda nvlink provides a breakthrough 1.8 tb/s two-way throughput for each gpu, ensuring a seamless speed between the most complex llms of 576 gpus
Communication. Sustained product performance is at the heart of British Weida’s position as industry leader, and is the main reason for server-related upgrades, such as pcb. Server pcb products need to be synchronized with server chip intergenerational changes, with product life cycles generally occurring.
Three to five years, maturation usually occurs in 2-3 years. As generations of chip platforms require upgrades in signal transmission rates, data transmission losses, cabling density etc., the server pcb products need to be upgraded accordingly.
Both the plate thickness and the thickness ratio vary according to the chip and the overlap.3 The intelligentization of new energy vehicles continues to drive the pcb volume up to 3.1 kilos of electric vehicle pcb.
In the first half of 2024, the vehicle pcb supply chain faced challenges and was affected by commodity price changes, such as copper, and the cost of materials rose. The automotive industry, one of the strongest growing industries in 2023, began to show signs of weakness.
In the face of market changes, car prices may be one of the key factors affecting the penetration rate of new energy vehicles, which need to be reduced further. Moreover, China’s new energy vehicles are out, as a result of such factors as policy pressures as the EU, the United States, and geographical constraints on sales.
This is also a reflection of the challenges and adjustments facing the industry. A slight increase of about 3.94%, but influenced by factors such as the fact that the winning board business has not yet been reversed, the co-optimal and deep accumulation of the board, and the stable and reliable quality of its products, further increasing the number of internationally recognized spare parts.
Co-research and development efforts between manufacturers and a number of new energy vehicles in the country to jointly develop hdi products in the fields of sip, domain controllers, etc.: P2pack has also made good progress in the application of high-pressure racks in cars 800v and above through deep collaboration with industry chain partners.
In the medium-to-long term, the strong expectations of consumers to lower the cost of cars fuel global electric car penetration.
Rate rise: Consumer preferences for smart technologies have led to the introduction of mobility upgrading services by participants in the global automobile industry, so that the pace of changes in the many destabilizing trends in the auto industry, such as electrification, intelligence and networking, will not stagnate, and that technological upgrades and penetrations will be multi-layered, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed, high-tolerance.
Disaggregated motor panels in the direction of pressure, heat resistance, high integration, etc., provide strong long-term growth opportunities. 3.2 New energy vehicles pull to pcb. According to Trendforce statistics and research, the pcb area was consumed by electronics in 2023.
Applications were relatively high, while end demand rebounded in 2023, leading to a rewinding of the economy for the pcb industry by 5.2 per cent a year, with the pcb market growing in reverse, mainly benefiting from global electric vehicle penetration, continued upswing and car digitization, with production projected to increase by 14 per cent a year in 2023, amounting to $10.5 billion, or the total.
By type, it is estimated that in 2023, the main vehicle pcb of 4-8 floors will account for about 40 per cent of the total vehicle pcb, which will fall to 32 per cent by 2026, and that the higher unit hdi weight will increase the demand for pcb from the electricization and intelligence of 15 per cent of vehicles.
The main force of the pcb output growth was from an increase in the penetration of electric vehicles, with a pcb value of about 5-6 times that of a conventional fuel vehicle, with the highest pcb value in the vehicle, which is about half the value of a pcb, and a bms (butterymanage) in the electrical control system.
System, Battery Management System) is currently mainly based on beam connections. Under the light quantitative trend of electric vehicles, no fpc (freexibleprintedcircuit, soft print circuit boards) will be phased in and the pcb value content of the electrical control system will be further increased.
According to Canalys statistics and projections, global sales of new energy vehicles are projected to increase by 29%, to 13.7 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 17%. China will remain the largest new energy vehicle market, with local sales estimated at 7.6 million vehicles, accounting for 55.5% of the global new energy vehicle market.
China is the core market for the new energy car market, and the penetration rate of the new energy vehicle continues to rise. According to the latest data released by the Federation, China ' s cumulative retail sales by car in 2023 were 21.7 million, returning to pre-epidemiological levels. In 2023, China ' s new energy products accounted for more than 35% of the total, with a net penetration rate of 24%.
Figure 25 Review and trends in Chinese vehicle sales (2016-2030e) The average number of electronic products, such as cameras and radars, will continue to rise as automatic driving levels and penetration rates continue to rise. Currently, pcb is dominated by 4-8 floors, while self-driving systems have higher unit prices
The hdi board (highdensityintercontract) is about three times the price of 4-8 floors, and the Hdi market size of the auto-driving end-of-cycle system in 2030 will be $500 billion based on data from Rolandberg.
China’s automated driving market is projected to grow rapidly in the future, with a market size of about 500 billion yuan in 2030, with chips, sensors and software algorithms as major contributors, algorithms and billions of dollars in market size, while demand for cloud services for autopilots will grow rapidly.
Chart 26 shows an increase in the size of China’s autopilot market, leading to an increase in demand for pcb. The gradual scenario is that of the future autopilot technology. From 2018 to 2022, some of the 193-level autopilots on the current highway, such as autopilots in high-speed sections,
In the long term, it is expected that, after 2030, in complex urban areas, a complete autopilot will take place on a full-scale basis, such as unmanned private cars and Robocab. Given the difficulty of technology and urgency of the situation, the shipping scene of commercial vehicles and the autonomy of passenger vehicles.
Parking and structured road scenes will be prioritized, and cargo-related scenes as a whole will take precedence over passenger-related scenes.
In combination with auto-drive and hardware development paths, the relatively easy-to-require-structured road site will be the first to land, while city-open road auto-drives will be landed due to technical complexity and policy rigour.
Complete the implementation of the unstructured urban road scene. The main application is the auto-drive of the current vehicle with the 122 level of driving aids and the high level of autonomous passenger parking, and future developments are still based on technological maturity and upgrading: it is expected that, by 2025, there will be a continuous attempt at the Lo-L2 level of auto-drive in structured road scenes.
Moving, the innovation of sensors and control systems is the main change: after 2030, into an urban destructured path, with enhanced perception and decision-making at its core.
Automated driving applications site site research projects and profit predictions at the core of the 4 companies, and product research at the core of the 4.1 companies.
Eight practical new patents and one computer software authorship. The company collaborates with domestic and international end-users in a variety of areas of depth, directly or indirectly involved in the development of new products, new processes, new projects, successful development of new multi-products. The company accumulates continuously in the field of technology for research and development, in areas such as data communication, high-speed network equipment, data centres, etc.
The R & D project is mainly concerned with the application and development of materials from the class 8 and above, the noetch oxidation technology & the stub6/7 mimax high-speed signal integrity technology, the pcb power supply technology programme, etc. In the product development component, the product of the universal server bhs platform has been fielded and pre-developed for the next generation of ks.
Platform products; accelerated calculation of product section, 112 gbps speed product has started product certification and sample delivery, ubb product 3 hdi ubb product has started production delivery. New platform components based on chip structures such as pfga, gpu, xpu are currently in the planning layout; network exchange section, box 800g based on 112 gbps rate 51.2t
The switch has been delivered in bulk and the product with 224gbps speed (102.4t exchange capacity 1.6t switch) has been pre-researched, and the npo/cpo architecture is currently being exchanged/routed with the client; the high-complex pcb in semiconductor chip testing products has been delivered in bulk and synchronized planning of multiorder hdi products.
In the area of automobile electronics, market applications have increased the demand for high-level and high-trust pcb, the main body being able to provide integrated pcb structures for multifunctional integration and better heat-resistant products, such as domaincontroller, multifunctional box.
Signal loss is more demanding, and companies invest a lot of resources in material research and signal integrity testing and analysis. Companies and internationally renowned car parts manufacturers work in depth and invest in the development of appropriate technology, while many of the country’s leading new energy companies form partnerships to develop higher-capacity electronic parts for cars.
The main end-points for the printing of circuit boards for the company's core products are the corporate communications market and the motor vehicle application market. In 2024, h1 accounted for 73.81 per cent and 22.09 per cent of operating income, respectively.
We expect business income from the production of circuit boards by the corporate communications market companies in 2024e - 2026e in 2024e - 2026e - for the production of circuit boards in the automobile application market - 2.4 billion yuan, 2.52 billion yuan and 3 billion yuan - an increase of 11 per cent, 5 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively.
From the company’s current Māori ratio, the rate of Māori in the company’s communications market using printed circuit boards has continued to rise from 2015 to 2015, and we believe that the power shares are an age of arithmetic, a major supplier of pcb in the server, that the demand is not as high as expected, that the company’s R&D is not as competitive as expected, that the pcb industry is highly competitive, and that the pcb core is upstream.
The industry research framework and financial analysis system are mature, good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer ' s perspective, and is fully responsible for team-based electronic industry research. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open market information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information, or of any change in the information and advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.