The chassis engine (000338) is strong, the new business growth space is large, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is well established.
• Recommended logic: 1) The 22h2 card industry is expected to recover with the introduction of a smooth economic package with a low base for the same period, with a projected annual sales volume of 800,000 to 1 million, with marginal improvements in the company's main heavy card engine; 21 years of non-road engine sales equal to +5.3 pp to 34.4 per cent, and with the Rayvo scale.
In 48 per cent of cases, the income of Lindh hydraulics (China) reached 74.3 per cent over the same period, with orders of 6.66 billion euros (+49.9 per cent) for engine sales in 25 years. Forklifts + storage logistics solutions, formed by Quehu + Dematek, continued to develop rapidly.
• Main-sector markets are stable: the company is a leading domestic heavy-car engine company, selling 1.02 million engines in 2021, i.e. 429 thousand heavy-cargo engines, i.e. the market share +2.8 pp to 30.7%, and the country's six-car engine city is ranked first. With a steady economy and the extension of commercial car loans, etc.
• Active expansion of non-road products and overseas markets has helped to reduce the cyclical impact of commercial vehicles: 1) agricultural machinery, industry and industry.
The share of process machinery and large-cylinder engine products has continued to rise, of which billions of dollars, or +11.8 per cent, are projected to be installed in 25 years, with the combined advantage of hydraulic plus engine power to be fully realized in the future, and with the long-term and sustained growth of the national production-substitution and new business-support companies: 1) the size of our intelligent logistics industry is expected to be reached by 2025
One trillion dollars, or 10.9% in five years, is a promising 10.9%. The company has built a complete intelligent logistics system through Kaiju and DeMartek, with 19.3% of the net profit in 13-21 years, and the smart logistics business is expected to continue to grow. 2) The company has deployed helium fuel cells in a whole industry chain. As the operating costs of the entire car are significantly reduced.
With an increase in hydrogen fuel cell penetration, companies looking ahead to strategic development opportunities and actively promoting new energy strategies, it is hoped that they will have a pre-eminence in the future. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Accompaniment companies grow “plus” . We expect their net profits to grow at a compound rate of 9.7 per cent annually over the next three years, assuming that the 1:22h1 heavy card industry continues to suffer from the effects of the market cooling and the epidemic, and that the demand for infrastructure, logistics, etc. will rise with the introduction of a sound economic package and the restoration of consumer confidence, and that the 22h2 heavy card industry is expected to rise against a low base for the same period.
Assumption 2: Upscaling of large-cylinder engines, acceleration of high-end hydraulic alternatives to national production, sustained growth of the road market, with 24/300.38 million non-road engine sales estimated for 22/23/24, respectively, upscaling: 3: Rapid development of the logistics industry and industrial Internet facilitates the growth of corporate smart logistics operations with new domestic production capacity
On the ground, the market for an integrated and intelligent logistics system of forklifts and storage logistics solutions created by Kaiju+Dmatek will open up further, and corporate smart logistics operations are expected to increase from +10%/+20%/+25% in 22/23/24 years. The market believes that the heavy card industry will not improve in the second half of the year.
Long-term policies have been put in place, infrastructure investments such as transport, water and other infrastructure have become more marginal, and social logistics will be further opened up, adding up to the lower base of heavy cards over the same period of the year, the extension of commercial car loans, and the probability of a resilient growth in the heavy card sector in the second half of the year, with companies expected to benefit.
(1) The heavy-card sector is recovering over-expected and the company ' s non-road engine product is expanding over-expected, pushing the company ' s engine business back over-expected; (2) the volume of high-value-added products, such as large-barrel engines and high-end hydraulics, is growing over-expected, driving companies to upgradeasp and improve profitability; and (3) the company ' s smart logistics business orders are over-expected and will continue to rise in terms of future revenues.
We have selected four companies in the industry that are more closely related to the wood-fuel business, China's heavy steam, China's free gas, China's fleet of vehicles, and East Wind, with an average of 18/15/13 times the average per capita in 2022-24. We expect the company's business income to recover separately from 2022-2024.
The risk is not as high as expected; the risk is not as high as expected in overseas markets; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the commercialization of hydrogen fuel cells does not promote the risk as expected.
One of the most powerful groups in the manufacturing of vehicles and equipment, with power systems as the main axis for diversification, has now developed a new pattern of combined development of industrial plates (engine, gear tank, bridge, hydraulic pressure), whole-of-cars, smart logistics, etc., which includes, inter alia, “high-heat-efficient engine +amt autonomous gear tank + bridge” commercial vehicle dynamics.
The company currently owns the brands "Cycling Engines", "Fast transformers", "Hander Bridges", "Lind Heavy Cards", "Lind Hydraulic Pressure" and "Lind Hydraulics" for major products.
Power engines are sold to more than 110 countries and regions around the world, and are widely used and served in global markets such as trucks, buses, engineering machinery, agricultural equipment, ships, electricity, etc.
The process of corporate development can be divided into the following three phases: (1) From 2002 to 2008, the business started with diesel engines. In Hong Kong, in 2004, the torch was purchased, and the holding power of the Faste transformer, the Hand Bridge and the heavy steam, forming a chain of heavy-carat gold industries.
(b) In 2009-2015, work began to compensate for technical weaknesses through extended M&As. In 2009-2015, the acquisition of French Borduans, the acquisition of large-cylinder engine technology; and in 12 years the acquisition of German Lindh hydraulic fluids to fill core technical gaps in the high-end hydraulics industry to form hair.
Motivation + hydraulic system gold industry chain; acquisition of the German Keasu Group, entering the forklift industry, opening up a coordinated development of the non-heavy card business. (3) From 2016, the smart logistics industry chain continued to be improved and new energy operations began to be deployed. 16 years of investment in energy in Versailles, Suzhou, and cooperation in the development of products such as hydrogen fuel cell buses, heavy cards, etc.; acquisition of Belgium ' s egemin
Automated sector and warehousing logistics automation provider Dematek, forming a strategy for the intelligent logistics gold industry chain; investment in a United States engine producer, psi, with leading technologies in the area of clean energy and formal entry into the North American power system market; cooperation agreement with the German firm Fev to develop a joint development of 10,000 kilowatts of marine power: a comprehensive strategic partnership with Bo
Framework agreement for the establishment of an international advanced fuel cell vehicle technology innovation and industrial chain for joint development of hydrogen fuel power cells and related components: 18 years of strategic cooperation agreement with solid oxide fuel cell supplier, Siris UK, same year of strategic cooperation agreement with the Global Hydrogen Fuel Battellery pioneer company, Ballard, Canada; 21 years of strategic cooperation agreement with the Swiss Speed Group strategy
In 2021, the domestic market for company heavy-car engines was 30.7%, the same as +2.8 pp, and the main clients included gas cards, a single gas release, heavy gas in China, Fukuda cars, Jiang Huai cars, large-cars.
The company’s first shareholder is Hong Kong Central Settlement Agent Limited, which holds 22.2% of the company’s shares, mainly h-shares. The Shandong State Finance Committee indirectly owns 16.3% of the wood power through the Xiaoqing Holdings Group, and is
The company, as a leading company in the domestic heavy-card industry, is operating in a state of business and heavy-card demand, and its downstream heavy-card clients, such as Moo, Fukuda and others, as well as its engineering and machinery clients, have achieved significant growth; (2) the product structure has improved and the ratio of whole cars to key spare parts has become a core business, rising to 74.9 per cent in the same year.
In 2016-2017, 63.28 billion yuan, or +78.1 per cent, was realized; the mother ' s net profit was $6.78 billion, or +99 per cent, and the company ' s net profit fell significantly as a result of the overall car and key zero deposits. In 2016-2017, 51 per cent benefited from the recovery of the heavy card industry, 39 per cent from smart logistics, and 90 per cent from two operations combined.
From smart logistics, 48% of Māori in 2021 and 43% of all cars and key spare parts. Since 2010, the whole car and 2.1 historical revenues and profits have grown faster, with short-term operations under a certain pressure of 17.4% and overall high growth. According to the Sino-Associative Association, the volume of bulk cards sold in 2021 decreased by 13.8% on the same basis, and in line.
Corporate revenue continued to grow at a positive rate of 3.1 per cent compared to industry levels in the context of the overall downturn in the industry. For the third quarter of a row, revenue fell from 21q3-22q1 in a three-month period, mainly due to the cooling of the market after the country’s five-stores, which directly affected the company’s stability. By product, the rate of Maori in smart logistics operations was higher, and the rate of Maori in the whole car and key parts was declining.
As new operations, such as corporate smart logistics, evolve, the potential for a relay becomes a new growth point for the company, leading to a change in its profitability. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are upstream in the industry, with better profitability. Roe was the highest in the industry in the period 2018-2021. The total asset turnover of the company remained stable and was at the middle of the industry. As the heavy card industry recovered, the epidemic improved.
Restorative growth in company-owned and new operations, with a rapid recovery of roe. Figure 20: Decrease in sales, management, financial costs compared to roe and annual increases in R & D costs
As a result of the reduction in bank charges, companies are continuing to reduce efficiency gains, improve operating efficiency, and maintain a downward trend in both sales and management rates. The company’s research and development costs have continued to rise in recent years, reaching $1.83 billion, or 4.4 per cent, of the latest 22q1 R & D costs, resulting in a 4.4 per cent increase in the company’s investment in projects such as the R & D country’s six diesel engines, which have helped companies to capture markets and improve the competitiveness of their products.
Figure 24: Corporate sales costs (millions of yuan) Figure 25: Corporate management costs (billions) 3 Industry analysis: heavy card industries closely linked to the economy and policy
3.1 The heavy card industry, also known as heavy trucks/heavy trucks, is a truck with a weight greater than 14 tons (including loads).
The trend in the distribution of heavy cards is closely related to the point of time for the implementation of national tenders. Each round of upgrading of national emission standards will lead to short-term stock-outs by manufacturers and low-cost purchases by consumers. For example, from country five to country six, heavy cards will need to be upgraded to a three-dollar catalyst.
A device for cleaning up car tail gas, containing platinum/pt, /rh, /pd, three precious metals) and adding dpf (particle catcher, the main effect of which is to collect pm/particle from exhaust gas) with an increase of about $20,000 in the price of the equivalent type of heavy card, while the comptoirs promote the sale of the five vehicles in the inventory country, the technology and configuration of the five vehicles in the country are more mature, and the product type options are wide-ranging.
The fee-payer will choose the bottom buyer to obtain a price advantage for five cars. On 1 July 2020, the six emission standards for city-class heavy-carat countries were implemented, adding Beijing, Tianjin, etc., to the six standards for heavy-carat countries, leading to some early release of demand, with the sales of heavy-cargo sales at an all-time high, with 1,617,000 vehicles sold throughout the year, +37.7%; and 1 July 2021 was the deadline for heavy-cargo countries, the first half of the year.
The size of the country ' s five-carats was marked by a sharp drop in sales of the country ' s six-carats in the second half of the year, with sales of 21h1/h2 of 104.4/349,000, compared with 28.3 per cent/-56.5 per cent, respectively, and sales of 324,000 cards in the first half of the year, compared with 63.4 per cent in the previous period, with the delayed impact of the overdrafts.
Economic growth contributes to a sustained rise in the demand for heavy cards. The heavy card is a vehicle for production, and the country’s macro-regulation and policy environment has had a significant impact on heavy cards, especially engineering-type heavy cards, and sales are closely linked to fixed asset inputs.
100 million investment policies, with heavy card sales amounting to 1,015,000 vehicles, +59.7 per cent of the same year; industry in 2011-2015, with demand overspent and low sales; starting in 2016, benefiting from multiple factors such as the governance of the New Deal, the continuous upgrading of the six emission standards of the five countries, the ppp project push, the acceleration of fixed asset investment, the gradual liquidation of surplus stocks and the recovery of markets
It is clear that the volume of heavy card sales has increased steadily from a low of 550,000 in 2015 to a high of 16.17 million in 2020, and that the cagr Central has been active in putting in place policies to promote steady growth and investment, with a recovery expected in the second half of the year.