The heavy-card power has a significant advantage, the hydrogen power of the layout, the fuelwood power (000338.sz) has taken the lead in development.
Recommended (for the first time) Qatar power has a strong position as the main market leader, building the industrial chain + the moat of technological advantages
For more than 20 years in the field of deep-farming engines, the country’s best commercial engine product system has been built, covering 29 sub-sectors of truck power, bus power, engineering machinery, agricultural equipment, and industrial power. The company has been actively expanding the up-and-down layout and has successfully built the momentum.
On the upstream side, the company focused on the highest-value powered total product, with the company recalcitrant in 2021, the motive market accounted for 30.7%, and the heavy-cargo-tower market for 72.4%, with a strong leader; and on the metropolising side, the company.
Reshaping truck-to-car sales, relying on the weight of the controlling subsidiary, achieved 1,93 million sales in 2021, with the city accounting for 13.84 per cent, ranked fourth, with a narrowing gap from the top three; on the downstream side, the company's offshore holdings, a global supplier in the international leading field of internal logistics, Keihua, have been performing steadily well in recent years.
Deep in the hydrogen fuel cell industry chain, commercialized opening up growth space, benefiting from the advantages of hydrogen fuel commercial vehicles in terms of load, continuity, landscape, etc., as well as hydrogen fuel cell recharge, rapidly characterised by heavy cards becoming the core of hydrogen fuel cell commercialization.
The company, with its background as a shareholder in the Shandong State Finance Committee, is expected to take the lead in achieving large-scale commercialization in the province, relying on the advantages of new energy developments such as regional hydrogen. The optimistic assumption is that the country will have 100,000 fuel cell cars in 2025.
Companies are home-grown big-cards and power-driven manufacturing leading firms, strong industries, and well-established upstream and downstream. The country’s infrastructure is currently being built in a dynamic bottom-up economy, with expectations for marginal improvements in real estate, a steady recovery in the top-up industry, and an improvement in demand for corporate products.
In addition, in the case of non-heavy card operations, companies invest in the development of non-road motives and overseas operations, bringing new growth points. Companies actively deploy hydrogen energy, commercialize prospects, and show relatively deep-down 300 performances.
Risks. 3 New products, new technology R & D production are not as fast as expected. Drivers, key assumptions, and major projections: companies are leading domestic heavy-card and engine manufacturing firms, industry is strong, upstream and downstream. The current national base is extensive.
In addition, in the case of non-heavy card operations, companies are investing in the development of non-road engines and overseas operations.
The demand for company products is affected by the start of real-estate investment, the scale of infrastructure construction, the slower pace of economic recovery following the epidemic, and the pessimistic expectations of the market about the company’s downstream demand. We believe that the expectations for infrastructure such as marginal warming of real-estate policy, water, etc., are improving, adding up to the country’s needs for upgrading, and that there are expectations for marginal improvements in the demand side of the company’s products.
The growth in demand for heavy cards and powered total products is higher than expected. Policy support for the hydrogen energy industry is higher than expected.
1. The volume of heavy card sales falls short of the expected risks.2 The risk of the epidemic having a negative impact on the marketing of companies.3 The risk of new products and new technologies being produced at a slower pace than expected.
The company is one of the most powerful automobiles and equipment manufacturing groups in the country. For many years, the company has insisted on the production of its products.
The main products of the company include a full series of engines, transformers, bridges, hydraulic products, heavy weights.
Forklifts, supply chain solutions, fuel cell systems and spare parts, car electronics, and spare parts, among others, engine products are widely available in more than 110 countries and regions around the world, and are widely used and served in the global market for trucks, buses, engineering machines, agricultural equipment, ships, electricity, etc. The wood-powered engine plates in the country are mainly located in mills, Yangzhou, and heavy.
At the same time, the series of engines are implementing capacity-building projects based on market demand, such as expanding/renovating production lines, automating, etc.
Businesses in the combustion industry listed in Hong Kong’s h shareholdings are also companies that return overseas to the Mainland to obtain a share. The company’s development process has been divided into three main phases: 1.2002-2012: special focus on heavy diesel engine operations; and, through the acquisition of torches, the creation of a dynamic chain of industries (engine, gear box, bridge) and the acquisition of Lindh.
Hydraulic pressure, which has succeeded in breaking the foreign monopoly on technology, has led to national production. 2. 2013-2016: strategic restructuring of Kaiju, Dematek, forklifting and warehousing technical services, and building the chain of intelligent logistics gold industry; 3.2017 - to date: strategic investment in Balad and Siris, the market for hydrogen and solid oxide fuels, and strategic restructuring of the Revo heavy labour force.
In addition, the company ploughs “a long way” into a light-asset plant in India, making local projects in Belarus, Myanmar, and Ethiopia. Overall, the company surrounds the chain of heavy cards, forming three main sections of power, whole cars, and spare parts and smart logistics, and takes the lead in setting up new energy production.
Figure 1: The company's development process, which is organized upstream and downstream around the chain of heavy-carat industries. The company has a heavy-carat chain at its core and a heavy-cargo engine under its flag.
In the case of smart logistics operations, companies have been able to integrate forklifts with storage logistics solutions through strategic re-engineering of "Key-hoo" and "Dmatek." In hydraulics, new energy.
In source business, the company's brand name, Lindh Hydraulics, broke the foreign monopoly of technology; the company also successfully built a new energy power system, called Battery+Electrometer+Electrometers, through a strategic reorganization of the Austrian Widdis company, to achieve the Chinese manufacturing of cvt power.
The company actually controls the Shandong National Finance Committee, and invests extensively around the commercial car industry chain.
The company’s main controlling shareholders are the Shandong People’s Government’s State Property Supervisory Board, which indirectly owns 15.03% of the power of wood and is the company’s actual controller, while one of the major shareholders, the Kafang City Investment Group Ltd., actually controls the owner’s State Property Supervisory Board of the People’s Government of the province, with a stronger background for the major shareholder.
The participating companies cover the total power mix (engine, gear box, bridge, hydraulic pressure), whole-cars, smart logistics, etc., forming a complete industry distribution network.