China Peace Research Enterprise Report 2021: Reform at dawn, long-term 2021 Pinganinsuranceerprisereport 2021 China Peace Research Enterprise Report 2021
Report label: Life Insurance, Peace in China, Xinhua Insurance, Friends Insurance
The leopards are the country's leading original research content platform and new business service providers. The leopards have built a range of products and solutions around the core objective of “helping enterprises to accelerate the process of capital value extraction, upgrading and dissemination” including database services, corporate research services, micro-valuation and fine-tuning of automated products, financial advisory services, pro and ir services, and other enterprises, using technology such as big data, block chains and artificial intelligence, and focusing on industrial focus, hot spots, and growth advisory services based on rich case and big data through open cooperation.
The leopards are committed to a research platform for the sharing of high-quality business resources, bringing together the wisdom to promote healthy, orderly and sustainable industrial development, four core services, Cloud Research Institute services.
Campus planning, industrial planning, customized reporting services for enterprises, management, industry summit planning, awards, industry
Local industrial planning, incubator services, advice, strategic adjustment, etc. Reports banks and in-house research teams provide technical support services
Reader Channel 2, Leopard Applet: Micro-System Search for the "head leopard", mobile phone-swipe 2D reading paper 2021leadleo
1. As a result of the life insurance reform, there has been a continuous decline in the share of insurance agents, which has led to peace.
As a result, as a risk agent's access went down, there was a drop in the city's share.
• The proximate growth period, the introduction of the proxies, the general purchase of an insurance policy and the promotion of peace in China is a large, integrated financial group, with extensive, but life-threatening, activities that enable relatives and friends to purchase what they call “self-insure” since 2019.
The agent's channel is one of the direct reasons for the value of life insurance operations, for the agent's departure from the nest or for the policy's continued decline.
3. The structural transformation is beginning to dawn, but the difficulty of absorbing high-quality talent is still enormous. It is planned to promote an elite transformation of life-risk agents, to raise the ratio of high-quality agents and, from this, to raise the value of the business, to be accompanied by the liquidation of inefficient agents in the year to a total of 240,000.
• China's peaceful and structured transformation is beginning to dawn. Since the reform, China's share of Chinese and popular clients has been a great success in the past, relying on the rapid penetration of the market by human tactics.
Cleaning up low-yielding agents, with their intrinsic value and new business value falling, in 2020, the number of contracts per client was twice as high as the public. Increasing the share of wealthy clients through structural transformation was disrupted by the epidemic, reforms were not working, and reforms were going through a painful period.
The way in which the income is raised has worked, but given that the pyramid-based distribution of benefits model does not have long-term growth space for the strategy, the difficulty of promoting structural optimization safely has changed as a result of changes in the client structure, and China ' s peace still needs to be transformed by transforming agents ' social capital.
Well, you need to be cautious and optimistic.
Insurance depth: The depth of insurance refers to the ratio of the total contribution income of a country (region) to the total gdp of that country (region), and is one of the indicators for measuring the extent and potential of the country’s (regional) insurance market. Insurance density: the density of insurance refers to the average premium for the resident population in a limited statistical area.
□ Residual margin: when an insurance contract is initially recognized, no first-day gain is recognized, but the first-day loss is not part of the remaining margin. □ First-day gain is not recognized as part of the reserve. □ Inherent value: value is a concept unique to the insurance industry and its role is similar to that of economic value added (economicvalueded) adopted by many large enterprises, meaning that it takes full account of overall risk.
Under this heading, the present value of equity cash flows generated by the assets allocated to the applicable business. □ Continuation rate: an insurance industry indicator, along the lines of a “continuity rate”, is generally used for statistical analysis of the continuing rates of life or production insurance (mostly life insurance) policies, including the continuation rate of the unit, the continuation rate of the premium and the continuation rate of the premium, as an expression of the continued ability of the insurance company to operate on a going concern.
□ China safely covers all financial services scenes and synergies, leading to a healthy functioning of capital within the financial system, a virtuous migration of customers, a techno-enabling ecology, and an ecologically-enabling financial ecosphere advantage
□ In recent years, there has been a steady emphasis on its “financial plus technology” orientation, but in terms of the share of business, the main industry is still heavily insured and the most important is life insurance.
China began a safe and secure life, gradually laid out the entire financial environment, built a comprehensive financial consortium, then moved into the field of science and technology, used technology and technology to counter-feed the main industry, empowered the main industry, built financial, medical, automobile, smart urban biosphere, and managed to develop China safely, 1988-2020.
China is safe in covering all financial services, working in synergy with each other, enabling the healthy functioning of capital within the financial system, good customer migration, technologically enabling ecology, eco-enhanced finance, and the advantages of the ecosphere of safe finance and science and technology ecological chain in China.
♪ China is safe and secure ♪ ♪ All financial uniforms are covered and there's a builder ♪
Consistency: China's secure and complete financial ecological chain, covering all financial services scenes, each other.
Synergy, enabling capital within the financial system to function well and through inter-firm business synergies within the system
I'm going to go into the client migration, fully tap into the customer's value, while using the insurance-rich user data, users.
Pictures, scenes, incubation of its technology industry, use of technology to counter-feed, finance industry, and enhance client experience.
In recent years, a steady emphasis has been placed on its “financial plus technology” orientation, but in terms of the share of business, the main industry is still heavily insured, and the most important is the life insurance business, China’s Safe Business Map, 2020
China's small-scale and net profit-earnings-related activities are well received, and in 2020 China was set up safely in 1988 through a multi-channel distribution network.
□ Life insurance is still the core business of Chinese Ping with a unified brand and under the flag.
Life, birth, retirement, health, bank, peace, trust, peace.
60% of companies run securities, safe assets management, and safe finance leases.
Insurance, banking, asset management.
Gold Holdings, Safe Doctors, Financial Accounts, Health Care Technology, Automotive Homes, etc.
Financial and medical science and technology, building up "financial services, medical care."
The cost of these benefits, which include, inter alia, expenses incurred in the settlement of claims, and expenses incurred, is the result of a number of environmental benefits in the City of Wisdom.
The remaining margin is the present value of future annual profits on the policy, which is amortized year by year.
Three-fold profit spreads: profit spreads, death differentials, and fee differentials.
□ The insurance company has endorsed its own credit and capital adequacy rates, collected premiums by signing an insurance contract, and the insurance company is responsible for the insurance contract in the event of an event.
Insurance companies cover the cost of compensation by means of a rigorous actuarial count of the probability of a contractually agreed event.
□ When the insurance company receives the premium, the premium income is used to configure the asset and invest in the various types of asset to obtain the return on the investment.
The projected interest rate in the price (return rate promised to consumers) is the spread, while the actual amount paid is less than the expected amount in the pricing model is the difference, the actual cost is the difference.
The main reason for the decline in net profit compared to 2019 in 2020 was the fall in premiums and the increase in settlement expenditure, both due to the epidemic, the lack of investment in a business model of life insurance.
In the case of returns, insurance companies have a small margin of profit and need to raise death and cost differentials compared to China ' s profit schedule for life and health insurance, 2019-2020
Investment earnings = net profits, as can be seen from the split of China’s profit sheets for life and health insurance operations, the main cause of the decline in China’s net profits in 2020 compared to 2019 was the fall in premiums and the rise in settlement spending, both due to the epidemic.
Depending on the spread, China ' s welfare payments and insurance interests, commissions, operating and administrative fees and other expenses in 2020 accounted for 96.1% of the premium revenue. Thus, in the absence of return on investment, insurance companies have lost profits.
Small, spread space has cyclical characteristics, and in order to avoid volatility and loss, risk companies need to raise the cost differential and the loss margin. However, the way to raise the cost gap and the cost gap, investing in business, reduces the risk cost of insurance companies and reduces the cost of insurance coverage.
2. Reduce the interest payments to clients (relative: low returns reduce the attractiveness of the product).
3. Reduction of commission expenditure (hard point: it reduces the motivation of salesmen and thus the profit structure of life insurance companies, unlike traditional businesses, with the remaining margin being the present value of future annual profits on insurance policies, amortized year by year.
Operating profit statement for China ' s life and health insurance operations, 2019-2020, analysis of the remaining margin of China ' s safety, 2019-2020, head leopard insight
+ interest differential + operating deviation - income tax with the remaining margin being the discounted present value of annual profits of the company = the discounted present value of all annual premiums of the company - discounted present value of all annual costs and settlement expenses of the policy, the remaining margin
Internationally, based on the principle of prudence, which cannot be reflected in a single statement on the first day, must be released year by year in amortized form to the profit statement as an analysis of the remaining marginal changes in accounting, life and health insurance operations
The value of a company with a real value to respond to life insurance, whose profits are delayed, requires actuarial valuation after the company sells the policy.