The stock of herbs (002714) in agriculture, forestry and fishing, the prices of raw pigs are warming, and the lead performance is expected to improve at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Review: The company ' s losses in the first half of the year were mainly affected by the low prices of pigs. The second quarter of operations improved from the first quarter, when the net profit for the company was 5180 million yuan. According to the forecast, 2,328,000 pigs, of which 2,977,000 were commodity pigs, 4,093,000 pigs, 211,000 pigs, were growing.
By May 2022, according to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, 41,22,000 pigs were kept in stock, up from 45,644 in June of 21st year.
At about 8.5 per cent, the price of short-term pigs has risen rapidly to around $23 per kilogram due to multiple factors, and even if there is a potential for volatility in the future, the farmers have emerged from deep losses, the upward trend has been set, and the farm industry has been able to pay a debt of $9.55 billion, of which $5.1 billion will be invested in projects related to the expansion of pig production capacity, with the exception of this.
In addition, the company has been extended from farming to downstream slaughtering operations, and has been set up in close proximity to large-scale farming enterprises. 1.9 billion of the funds that can be transferred to raise money will be invested in slaughter projects, which are expected to increase the slaughter capacity by 13 million head/year.
• The company has established a high-quality edge in farming, controlling costs to industry leaders, maintaining a stable leader in farming, growing 281,000 pigs, and, by the end of December 2021, having a stock of 2.831 million pigs.
The expansion, without the need to outsource orders, avoids the expansion of the ceilings brought by the number of high-quality farmers or professional fertilizer farms, and achieves a complete chain of industries covering scientific research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig farming, pig slaughter.
Power: Forage is produced autonomously by companies, and farm production capacity is distributed mainly in the main food-producing areas, so that it can be concentrated in close proximity; harvests of raw grains, supplies are stable and manageable, and procurement costs are reduced: in personnel management, companies have a clear system of benchmarking, linking workers' salaries to production in the field, farming costs are lower than those of other enterprises in the industry, and in the future, the costs of farming are lower than those of other enterprises in the industry.
The advantages will continue to grow. On the other hand, herds give great importance to the efficiency of farming, to the advantage of a modern and intelligent pig, to the improvement of the farming system, to ensure the survival of the pig, to the unintelligent control of the pighouse environment, to the share of the pig herd (002714); and to the smooth running of the business through the cycle.
Health Automatic Identification of Critical Technologies such as Early Warning, Equipment of Welfare Farming Facilities and Biosecurity and Engineering Prevention of Pig Farms (2022-04-30)
Herbien shares (002714): steady development through the cycle.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.