q2 Performance meets expectations and costs of farming have steadily improved The first half of 2022 annual performance evaluation of herd shares (002714) The first half of 2022 annual performance announcements were issued by the company. The company achieved total revenue in the first half of 2022
After that, the pork went into a low-consumption season, and the pig price went down the road. The conflict in the Russian Federation, the drought in South America, among other things, led to a further increase in the cost of feed, with the company 2022q1 losing $5.180 billion in net profit to its mother, with a certain structural imbalance, adding to the country's policy-oriented multiple storage to boost the price of pigs, and corporate goods.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn The average price of pigs increased significantly, from 11.67 yuan per kilogram in March 2022 to 59 per cent of the year-round target for the first half of June 2022, and the company ' s year-round goal is expected to be successful.
Roe (ttm) is achieved. While developing pig-breeding operations, the whole chain layout of the company has been further refined, followed by accelerated downstream slaughter operations. As of the end of June 2022, the company was already in Henan, Shandong, An.
Twenty-three slaughter companies have been set up in areas with a greater concentration of pig-breeding capacity, such as the logo and the north-east, and have been placed in eight slaughterhouses, including the interior, Jeongyang, merchant water, Iron Ridge, and Cao County, with a combined capacity of 22 million head/year.
The company’s cost of raising q2 has steadily improved. The company now operates on a self-sustaining model.
The total cost of the company rose slightly, to about $16/kg. In the second quarter, the company was able to optimize its business path, strengthen on-site management, and enhance human capacity by collating business paths.
The company is committed to reducing the full cost phase to $13/kg by 2022 in order to further improve market competitiveness.
The company’s q2 deficit ring is narrow, as a result of the price increases in the second quarter. As a leader in pig farming, the company now has a relatively good cash flow, with a relatively reasonable target of 2022 for pig production, and the slaughtering business is steadily advancing and more definitive.
Continue to focus on important indicators such as hogs, feed costs, farm profits, etc. Maintenance of the company’s “advance economic problems, food safety problems.”
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.