Shinwon shares (002714); q2 performance has improved significantly, and cost advantages have been strengthened.
q2 performance has improved significantly, and the second half of the year is expected to turn back. The company was able to produce pigs in the first half of the year.
The country's top priority business, which has been one of the country's largest ever-regressed pig prices since the beginning of fertility, has experienced a significant contraction in the corporate second-quarter losses relative to q1, operating one of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises, as well.
The net cash flow is also more positive than q1 and the company’s short-term operating pressure has been significantly eased. We believe that with the arrival of one of the country’s largest pig-breeding companies, pig prices are expected to remain high during the second half of the season, and the company’s levels of activity continue to be released.
The company’s performance is expected to reverse in the second half of the year, and the cost side is constantly stifling the cost advantage. As the effects of the winter disease have subsided since q2, the price of feed is high, and the company’s productivity performance has improved, the company’s full cost is better than q1.
In July and August, the company’s full cost was reduced to around $15.5/kg, maintaining good water in the industry, improving farm productivity, improving farm performance, and increasing its own cost advantages. Continuous farming and slaughter capacity.
Back to pre-stagnating capacity-building, construction work in the first half of the year stabilized at $8.5 billion, and it is expected that by the end of the year corporate farming will total about 75 million. As a result of the acceleration in the first half of the year, the company had 2,473,000 hogs in its last year, down from 279,000 at the end of March.
The production performance of the sector and the company has continued to rise, with the company's hog stock having recovered in the recent past, and it is expected that it will increase further in the second half of the year, supporting the growth of future pig production.
In the first half of the year, the company slaughtered 355,000 pigs, and the circulation b/h (million shares) will bring the slaughter capacity to production to a total of more than 30 million head/year.
It has not yet been profitable, but the company actively expands its downstream distribution channels, optimizes its production processes, enhances its ability to operate, and is expected to contribute to its future performance in addition to that of the company’s owners. We believe that the company is steadily moving forward with the expansion of its farm capacity, and is expected to further raise the share of the industry and, on that basis, actively engage in downstream slaughtering.
End extension, working in synergy with farm plates, is better able to cope with the effects of cyclical fluctuations. High performance elasticity resulting from sustained physical upscaling and growth, as well as the new growth brought by the fast-tracking of company slaughter operations.
Q2 performance has improved significantly, and the cost advantage has grown.
East Hing Securities reported a significant improvement in the performance of 02 and a steady increase in the cost advantage.
Xingxim, Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, focusing on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, feed protection, pet food, etc.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.