Production efficiency has steadily increased its cost reduction targets, and the company's 2022-h1-half-year report was published on 31 August 2022 by Shinwon's share (002714.sz).
On September 02nd, 2022, pig prices recovered and reduced production was restored.
Since May 2022, with the price of pigs warming rapidly, the company's losses have been significantly reduced, and q2 returns to their mothers in the first quarter of the year, wearing a good one to achieve a balance of gains and losses. Looking to the city, the price of q3 pigs continues to be higher than $20/kg, and is projected to be the second half.
In the first place, the same-year-to-3.7 per cent increase in the number of pigs born in the second quarter, with a marked increase in the proportion of piglets, mainly due to year-to-year births close to the target ceiling of 56 million at the beginning of the year.
There has been a recovery in the stocking of pigs. There are small fluctuations in the growth of pigs, mainly based on the company’s own business needs, and the number of pigs that will grow in the second half of the year will continue to rise as the market improves.
The efficiency of the company ' s pig-breeding production has been steadily increasing, with a total life rate of 83 per cent as of July (q1 about 80 per cent); Psy about 26 (q1 about 24). The overall cost of this improvement has been reduced.
Improved production efficiency and firm confidence in the achievement of the goal. The unprofitable release of the slaughter business will accelerate the slaughtering of 355,000 pigs and the sale of 33,680,000 tons of fresh, frozen pork by H1 in 2022.
The slaughtering business has generated $5,075 million in operating income. The current production capacity is 22 million, the production capacity is still in the climb phase, the costs are high, and the slaughter business is not yet profitable.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.