行 全
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Maxscend (300782 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
3Q performance dragged by weak mobile; It is
always darkest before dawn
Target Price
RMB107.8
(Previous TP
RMB138.0)
Up/Downside
+15.3%
Maxscend announced its 3Q22 results, 3Q revenue declined 30.5% YoY and
Current Price
RMB93.50
13.6% QoQ to RMB782mn, NP to shareholders fell 54.6% YoY and 20.5% QoQ
to RMB233mn. The decline was mainly attributable to the weak mobile market.
China Technology Sector
3Q GPM increased slightly to 54.1% (vs. 52.4%/52.7% for 1Q/2Q22). We lowered
our forecasts for 2022/23E sales by 25%/30%, due to both tough macro
Lily Yang, Ph.D.
environment and prolonged weakness observed in mobile, particularly in Android
names. However, considering a series of solid progress achieved from internal
R&D (e.g., SAW filter, Diplexer, DiFEM, etc.), we expect the Company will
continue to roll out products in new categories that are dominated by overseas
Alex Ng
names. We maintain a positive outlook for Maxscend, given its leading position
in domestic RFFE market and proven track record of its management team.
Maintain BUY, with revised TP of RMB107.8 reflecting reducing 22/23E sales.
■ Industry headwind may provide an opportunity for Maxscend. Despite
Stock Data
mobile weakness, Maxscend's 3Q results were resilient. The Company
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
reported GPM of 54.1% (up 1.3% from 2Q), showing its relatively strong
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB$ mn)
position in a broad weak market. GPM is estimated to drop 2% in 2023 due to
52w High/Low (RMB$)
240.63/78.25
increasing yield of new products, but will remain stable at ~50%, much higher
Total Issued Shares (mn)
than its peers (figure 3). The high GPM will help Maxscend to maintain its
Source: Bloomberg
leading position in domestic RFFE market by continuously investing in R&D
(3Q R&D exp. grew 55.1% YoY). Meanwhile, some smaller peers are
Shareholding Structure
struggling to survive. We believe Maxscend will be a beneficiary of a potential
sector consolidation, following the same path of its global peers (e.g.,
Skyworks and Qorvo).
Maxscend's product portfolio expansion is on schedule. Maxscend's new
fab line has entered mass production. The Company's own filter products
Share Performance
have been shipped. Meanwhile, diplexer and multiplexers are under client
testing. We expect the Company to deliver more progress on high-end filter
and integrated modules next year. Although the recent U.S. export curb has
no impact on RFFE sector, China's semi localization trend is certain. This will
Source: Bloomberg
create more opportunities for domestic players.
Maintain BUY with TP revised up to RMB107.8. The new TP is based on
12-mth Price Performance
36x rollover 23E P/E, lower than 1SD below 2-yr hist. avg. of 43.6x forward
P/E. We kept the valuation of 36x P/E unchanged as we believe 1) semi
localization trend is certain and 2) Maxscend is venturing into some key RFFE
component areas which are dominated by overseas suppliers (domestic
presence in certain components/modules are nearly zero).
■ Potential risks include 1) disappointing demand in mobile, 2) intensified
competition, 3) slower-than-expected R&D and 4) further deterioration in
macro environment. Potential upside includes M&A opportunities.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: BDO
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Lansus prospectus, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Yole, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Yole, CMBIGM estimates
Review of 3Q22 results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.