Sales revenue nearly doubled, the “New King in Retail” incident: on March 30, the Postal Bank released its annual report for 2021.
In 2021, the Postal Bank’s operating income was yoy+11.4 per cent, and the ring was raised by 1.2 pct, up against industry trends; the net profit of the mother yoy+18.6 per cent, influenced by the base figure, the ring was down by 3.4 pct, but it was still in a position of dominance over its peers.
High-profile “secret weapons” generate higher non-interest revenues. In 2021, youy+33.4 per cent of the Postal Bank was also opposed to industry trends, not only maintaining high levels, but also leading upwards; other non-interest income, yoy+67.6 per cent, is also a figure far ahead of business.
The balance of the loan grew 13.3% faster than the social credit increase during the same period.
By the end of 2021, the Provident Fund \triangleright invested and individual loans increased by 1.1 pct and 0.8 pct per interest-bearing asset, respectively, and remained at the end of the asset.
The main forces of expansion; a 0.1 pcc decline in the share of public loans, but a more balanced industry structure, the reason for which the strategy was first found to be so strong: sales revenue nearly doubled. The Postal Bank received +33.4 per cent in mid-2021, and +36.1 per cent in the quarter of 21q4, which was so strong, thanks to agency and revenue collection.
By the end of 2021, the rate of underperformance had stabilized in the investment proposal: the advantages of retail outlets, slots, numbers, etc., which were easy to achieve, the advantages of retail outlets, places, numbers, etc., could flourish in an era of great wealth; and the initial public expansion strategy.
The results were more balanced with the allocation of credit in the sub-sector; the statements were clean and “clearly clear” and the level of provision was high, with a higher rate of growth in a battalion, a higher rate of growth, a more favourable view, a higher speed of growth than the upwards, and a higher rate of profit.
Youy+11.4% ring-up 1.2pc, up against industry trends; mother-to-child net profit yoy+18.6%, influenced by the base figure, is still in a better position than their counterparts by 3.4pc. High collection of “secret weapons”: higher median and higher other non-interest income.
The banks received yoy+33.4 per cent, which is also against industry trends, not only maintaining high levels, but also leading upwards; their non-interest income, yoy+67.6 per cent, is also a figure far ahead of business.
The profit rate is falling, and the reason for the single season is simple, but only the base effect. The 20 q4 single season is a net return, although it is a drag on the annual accumulated profit rate, but it is still slightly above the 20 q4 heights. Other non-interest income has given rise to the “dwelling power.” The 21 q4 one season is a collection of yoy + 36.1%, and other non-interest revenue.
The growth rate of single-season revenue is maintained at more than 15%, with a single-season growth rate of up to 375.3%; if not for a relatively low share of revenue, the pull effect on the single-quarter growth rate would be greater. The net difference is very smooth, with expansion ahead of banks of the same size.
2.36%, down 1bp from 21h1, down from 6bp in 2020, which is now stable. The average balance of loans achieved a significantly higher credit increase than that of banks of the same size with a total asset size of 10 trillion.
Figure 8: Average interest-bearing assets and average loans of the Postal Bank have increased at the same rate as in the past 4 versus retail expansion, which is still dominated by financial investment and individual lending. At the end of 2021, the Bank ' s financial investments, personal loans, and private loans, continued to be the main sources of growth.
The ratio of interest-bearing assets to interest-bearing assets rose by 1.1 pct and 0.8 pct respectively, and remained the main force of asset-end expansion, with a 0.1 pcc decrease in public loans. The new loan structure was optimized for the first time in a public strategy.
The increase in the amount of yuan is mainly due to an increase in the number of funds, certificates of association and government debt; the increase in individual loans + 1982 million yuan is due mainly to an increase in the housing sector + 63.5 billion yuan (of which 43.2 billion yuan is for the delivery of warehouse mail) and commercial services + 11.1 billion yuan in order to increase the volume of loans from the single delivery of warehouse mail to the public strategy, which is beginning to yield positive results.
Five sales opened up the situation, and the revenue almost doubled, and the reason for this strong gain was that the sales income nearly doubled. The Post Office Bank recorded a similar increase of +33.4 per cent in mid-2021, revealing that the number of finance managers had increased by 5.9 per cent the same year, reaching 43,747 people, making full use of the 40,000-point area.
By the end of 2021, the reserve bank was stable at 0.82%, with a significant advantage within the industry. The provision coverage rate of 418.6%, with a loan allocation of 3.42%, remained relatively high.
Concerns and new delays are stable, better than the industry as a whole. Concerns and overdue rates remain stable, with the 90-360-day credit ratio going up as a result of natural migration; and 90-day delays in 21H2 half-years.
Figure 14: Quality indicators of the main assets of the Provident Bank
7.1 Profit projection assumptions and business split pb, with a potential for growth in performance or higher than comparable counterparts, due to their potential for expansion in size and retail endowments, and with a higher level of clean reporting, should receive a valuation premium in comparison to the average, which should be covered for the first time,
8 Investment proposals: Retail is easy to reap, and the advantages of retail outlets, locations, numbers, etc., can flourish in the age of great wealth; public expansion strategies are beginning to work and trade-based credit is more balanced; clean statements are “clearly bottomed”, higher levels of provision may be achieved
1. The macroeconomic situation is down: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the pace of economic growth is subject to some downward pressure, the demand for credit from the population, businesses and the expansion of the sector is weak, and credit risk exposure: a region-specific industry or part of its large clientele continues to be affected by recurring epidemics.
(c) The deterioration of operations and the exposure of credit risks.3 The pace of transformation is not as fast as expected: the pace of public expansion strategies and retail wealth management operations may be at risk as a result of changes in economic development, changing customer demand, etc.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.