Researchchand developmentcenter
-Sangxi Coal (000983), depth report.
2. Assets are injected at a full speed, and performance increases are expected every day.
Coal in Shanxi (000983), located in the Jinming base of the country's large coal planning base, rich in refined coal resources, rich in high-quality and scarce coal species, such as coal and coal, with the advantages of low ash, low sulfur, good flaring, etc., are among the most important in the country.
By the end of 2020, coal reserves (4,616 million tons), harvests (2,414 million tons) and primary coal production (3,544,000 tons) were the first of the rows compared to comparable companies, and the position of the coal-cooled taps was evident.
The Māori rate, with its low-cost advantages, is more profitable in the coal industry. In 2020, the cost of coal was $347.17 per ton of coal in Shanxi, with a Māori ratio of 44.43 per cent, which is higher than that of comparable companies.
In the direction of corporate reform, it is also desirable to move forward with the construction of coal mining intelligence, compression levels, and reduction of staff efficiency. The company’s coal imports are limited, and the price of coal refined will rise.
Since then, there has been a marked decline in our imports of coker from Australia, with imports falling in the same year in August-December. As imports have decreased and supply and demand gaps have widened, the domestic supply of coker has increased, with the supply of coal from Shanxi Province increasing at a higher rate than the national supply.
The rise in market prices pushed the JCLU index up from 960 to 1092 during the same period. For the time being, limiting Australia’s coal imports will continue, adding up to the second half of the year, with the most recent increase and decline (%) in January.
As a result of the ongoing commissioning of the coke plant and the impact of the 34 million tons of production power in Shandong Province at the end of the year (mostly coal-based), tensions in the domestic supply of coal-fired have increased, and companies are expected to increase the prices of coal-fired in both cases, thus contributing to a steady improvement in business performance.
The proportion of the share in circulation a (%) Quantified West with high-quality assets injected or accelerated landings. The year 2021 was the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan of Action for the Reform of the State Enterprise in Shanxi (2020 - 2020).
Meanwhile, 2021 was the year of the first three-year “start-in” of the Sanxi Coal Group's “three three-year steps” strategic plan, and the resources were reorganized as the main thrust of the “new coal fire.” As of 2021q1, the mountain west coal was completed for the water-coal industry and tungsten.
As a result of the acquisition of coal, production increased from 32.6 million tons to 37.8 million tons/year, with a high group capacity of 13075. It is expected that the high-quality coal assets of the Shanxi Coal Group will accelerate their injection into listed companies and further increase the profitability of the coal refining operation.
In contrast to the market: 1) The change of leadership in Shanxi is expected to accelerate the injection of assets into listed companies with insufficient market expectations. 2) Australia ' s coal-restrictive import policy will be difficult to relax in the short term, and markets are overly concerned about import liberalization, resulting in an excessive fear of import liberalization.
Underestimating the supply and demand gap for domestically refined coal, especially for high-quality primary coal, is expected to double-priced coal operations in Shanxi. 3) With the gradual realization of business performance, companies value a relatively strong upwards in the restoration power and space.
Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasting and Corporate Valuation: Economic Recovery Drives Good Coal Refining Demand with Australian Coal Cindaseturitiesco., Ltd.
Import restrictions and the withdrawal of 34 million tons of coal from Shandong's capacity have been catalyzing.
The People's Government-controlled Coal Refining Enterprise in Shanxi Province, the historical history and equity structure.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange is listed, with shares originally called “West Mountain Coal Power” and now “Sanxi Coal”. The company's main products are coal, coal and coal.