Intelligent electronics (002600) ready to go to the southwest securities research and development centre.
• Summary of performance: in the first half of 2019, companies achieved $9.59 billion in sales revenue and eliminated the impact of bulk trade, resulting in an increase of 7.8 per cent over the reporting period, a total profit of $1.25 billion over the same period, an increase of 354.9 per cent over the same period;
The net profit was $710 million, compared to $290 million in the same period the previous year, an increase of 140.1 per cent. The company ' s business performance and management adjustments continued to improve, resulting in better operating income and profits from sophisticated functions and structural units in the company ' s main manufacturing industry, displaying and contacting the module ' s operations, as compared to the same period in the previous year.
In the interest of intelligence, its former shareholders are required to compensate the listed company for its performance, which is measured at the company’s share count price, and the change is accounted for in the fair value change gain or loss.
The value of the change is $390 million, the advantage of automation is high, the product is quickly delivered to clients. The automated team with the thumbnail number as its vehicle has a whole industry chain capacity from which the automation equipment is designed, developed, manufactured, and self-designed.
Not only is the cost advantage clear, but it allows for tailor-made, direct impact, and even full-scale individualized demand for production units. Consumer electronics need to deliver products centrally in a few months to meet customers’ needs for new products, which is a strong test of firms’ ability to deliver their products quickly.
The company’s arrangement for production of production-line products, its knowledge of the industrial chain, enables the company to be fully qualified for short-term, smart end demand and business prospects. From smart household power, flat-board computers, smartphones, to smart homes, vehicle-borne navigation, and so on, various smart end-products are gradually permeating all aspects of people’s lives.
There is currently an explosive growth in apparel: 5g development will again trigger a rapid rise in global smartphones, which in turn will create a huge market demand for sophisticated devices. The consumer electronics market is vast, with unlimited potential.
Brains and wearing devices, represented by smart watches, smart handrings, etc., all of these products contain a large amount of talent. 1. Intelligent inventions (002600): consumption secret devices without border expansion.
Electronic platforms (2019-08-22) will continue to be active in future global consumer e-markets. Dollars. Given the boom in downstream markets, companies are in a period of expansion, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.