Precision (002475.sz): Complete layout, wait for new products Xiaoqiao, decide to set up core indicators of trend fluctuations in sophisticated stock prices and maintain trend upwards in income
Forchang Pilgrim, in the context of growth, will come more from Roe than from the Māori rate, which is determined by the company's business model. We believe that in 2022, as the communications became more well-developed in the business of large clients, the company will be able to do so.
Big client business is not a bottleneck phase, but rather an initial stage on a new step. According to our calculations, the total amount of telecoms in big clients' tam (effective target space) could reach 1.33 trillion by 2030, and the company's revenue in large clients is expected to reach $488 billion by 2025.
With a 36% capr growth rate in 2021, consumer electronics still have high growth expectations. The higher share of the income structure, the module (module) and system assembly (system-level assembly), forms the basis for the company’s continued growth.
With regard to the bottom business strategy logic of creating a communication, we conclude that "the industry that will be strategically prejudicing the technology cycle accelerates, and maximizes the cake in the most efficient way." The success of the company lies in the implementation of the bottom logic. Downstream demand drives the technology cycle accelerates.
The industry will have several features. First, the technology upgrade will accelerate, and the original supply chain pattern will be reshuffled. Second, the technology-driven product update will accelerate, and the industrial cake will expand rapidly. At this point, electric cars and mr will be on the list.
The pattern in the car sector tends to be completed, which will gradually provide companies with a rich return on their profits over the next decade or more. New energy vehicles: the greatest logic is that the company’s main industry card is almost complete, and then it will be realized.
In the next few years, the rapid development of the automobile industry will take place. Yuan cosmopolitan and xr: binding the big client mr business, reinforcing it with google, sony, meta.
In May of this year, as a result of the effects of the epidemic, good production rates, the cost of raw materials and human resources, the repressive factors began to be phased out, and the firm’s performance began to be flexible upwards. According to our model, we believe that the company’s business value has increased in part by maintaining a high level of sales revenue.
Rapid growth and, on the other hand, the growing profitability of assets reflected in the rise in roe is constantly changing the risk of volatility in sales by large clients, economic and political risks, and internal management as a result of business expansion (1) First, we believe that core indicators that determine the precise trend volatility of stock prices are being collected
The company’s business model determines that more of the growth in inflows will come from Roe, rather than from the Māori rate, and we believe that in 2022, the company’s business will be perfected as it becomes a major client.
Big client business is not a bottleneck phase, but rather an initial step on a new step. According to our calculations, the launch of a major client's tam (effective target space) will have reached a total of $114 billion a year by 2030, leading to 36% cagr growth, and consumer electronics still have high growth expectations.
In terms of income structure, the higher share of the module (module) and systemassembly (system-level assembly) business forms the basis for the company's continued growth. (2) Secondly, with regard to the bottom-of-the-line business strategy logic of communications, we sum up as “the corporate strategy”
The bottom logic is the success of the Division in the past. The downstream demand-driven industries that accelerate the technology cycle will have several features.
With the technology upgrading accelerating, the original supply chain pattern will be reshuffled. Second, the technology-driven product renovations will accelerate, and industrial cakes will expand rapidly. Now, the electric cars and mr are on the list.
Ten years, and even longer, time spans offer a rich return. A new energy vehicle: the greatest logic is that the company’s main industry card is almost complete, leading to a golden triangle from the assembly of major components-tire 1.5, which will be high in the next few years.
Yuan cosmology and xr: binding large client mr operations and strengthening strategic partnerships with companies such as Google, Sony, Meta, Microsoft on xr. Relevant xr products are expected to be reported and valued over the next 2 years (3)
Months, as a result of an epidemic, good production rates, cost of raw materials, and human capacity, the pressure on performance has been phased out, and corporate performance has become more resilient. According to our model, our corporate business value has been raised, on the one hand, by the continued high growth of sales revenues, and, on the other.
2.roe is a more reflective of corporate value trends, and we believe that core indicators that determine the precise trend volatility of stock prices will be maintained in income.
In the context of upward growth, it will come more from Roe than from Māori rates. This is determined by the corporate business model. 2.1. Why do we focus more on Roe than Māori rates?
The decline in the well-informed Māori rate is not equivalent to a decline in profitability. From a simple financial statement, the company has in recent years deviated from the Māori rate. The decline in Māori rate since 2018 is not due to a decline in the profitability of the business, but to the structure of the product.
In terms of product structure, companies move gradually from parts-based operations to systems-level assembly and modules. The Māori ratio alone is higher for component operations than for systems assembly and modules.
But the profitability of the system assembly and module is much greater than that of the zero components in terms of earning money. The system assembly and module can be compared with the magnification of the company’s profit-making effects, far from the component business, when they reach a good level of efficiency and capacity utilization.
Based on our division and measurement of the company's business, the module/system assembly/full assembly plate Māori cuts into the airpods system assembly and related module operations, the net asset profitability of the company was strong. It was only slightly reversed in 2021, mainly because of the recurrent impact of the epidemic on the cost of raw materials.
And so, until 2015, it was done by expanding the zero-component and client base, and after 2015, it began to move from a “big” to a “biger” strategy.
When the structure of the product changes significantly, it is easy to judge business prospects simply from the change in the Maori rate. Companies are moving into a larger market in volume space and gaining a larger share.
They model the zero components, module operations and system assembly operations that are currently involved, with the corresponding market space of 60.7 billion, 30.5 billion and 1.1 trillion, respectively. The share of zero component operations is about 30% compared to the ceiling and a few 50-60%. But the modules and systems are assembled.
The share is 50% higher than the ceiling. But in the process of upgrading the product structure, it's painful. As the stage structure upgrades are completed, the firm's elasticity upwards will change the Māori ratio more closely with the company's share price.
By collating the company's historical stock price, the Maori rate and the roe relationship, we found that the company's history, the share price, was more dynamic with the roe. Looking at the overall stock price volatility (to better reflect the current stock price, we took out the share price), there are basically two conclusions.
Roe fluctuations are closely related to the upgrading of the business structure of large clients. Second, the Roe fluctuations are in combination with stock prices, which tend to be staged when the Roe is in reverse at the bottom and is challenged by the replacement of the lvds by fpc, but obtained direct supply from the big customers through the acquisitions.
Reciprocal qualifications and strategic partnerships with Juno have been expanded on a number of product lines for large clients, including the Magsafe electro-magnetic beams for macbooks, the lighting lines and doongle for mobile phones, during which time equipment inputs, automating production lines and good-rate climbs have taken place, but subsequently, the customers have been able to do so.
Household orders were placed and raised, leading to a sharp rise in Roe’s prices and a rise in stock prices. The first assembly (mainly airpods) acquired American law to upgrade its acoustic capabilities. The expansion of the system’s production lines in comparison with zero components is a new area.
The cost is enormous, but with becoming the main supplier of the system on the airpods and the hot selling of products, the company reached an all-time high in 2020, with a market value of more than 400 billion.
The third wave of withdrawal took place (2021h1-2022h1): the company moved further into the assembly area of the applewatch system and the assembly of the entire aircraft, the module area entered to Topmodule, and several projects were launched with numerous challenges such as an outbreak, logistics, and spare parts shortages for the company's Māori.
And Roe is putting a lot of pressure on it, but as we see a gradual increase in the rate of good business lines and crop activity, we expect that the company Roe will be up at the end of next year and is expected to reach a higher level within the next two years.
In our view, there has been a major shift in the business model of communications with 2015 as a watershed. The strategy of horizontal expansion of the zero component has begun to shift to a model-based and system-based strategic direction, thereby increasing its net asset profitability.
This shift in business models can give firms the power to grow fast, but it must guarantee two core premises. One is that the target market space is big enough, and the other is that the customer's quality is good enough.
Roe is a more “high-leverage”-driven model. As can be seen from the dismantling of the company, the rise in roe after 2016 is driven mainly by the increase in the debt ratios and the efficiency of the company’s assets.
Large customers, as leaders in the global consumer electronics industry, provide certain guarantees for company income sustainability and repayment stability. Moreover, large downstream demand and sustained product innovation from large customers guarantee the size of the target market.
Technology and management upgrades meet the requirements of large clients and, on the other hand, dare to adopt a high-leveraging operating model that leverages a larger volume of business and achieves sustained high growth in the company’s business. Companies are largely financed by bond issuance and short-term borrowing, with a combination of targeted increases and more.
The project includes a number of areas, such as sip encapsulation, sophisticated electronic devices for mobile phones, smart wearable devices, car electronics, etc., and achieves a liquidity supplement, optimizes the capital structure, reduces the asset-liability ratio and improves the risk-resilient capacity of the public administration.
In consumer electronics, the core objective is to move towards a critical part of system-level assembly and module direction, and we believe that the current collaboration with large clients is not a bottleneck phase, but rather an initial phase of a new step. According to our calculations, by 2030, it will be a big client.
Tam (effective target space) can reach a total of 1.33 trillion, and by 2025 the company will have received 2.3.System assembly and module-driven re-entry of Roe, which will have had the opportunity to jump-start a major customer system assembly and module business since 2018.
In recent years, they have shown a gradual exit from the chain of large clients. There are a number of contextual factors. First, large customers continue to have higher cost-control requirements.
Business technology and automation capabilities need to continue to be upgraded, while on the other hand costs will continue to fall, leading to a trend towards concentration of suppliers: secondly, high manufacturing capacity and low cost of continental producers.
The trend towards a more skewed share of the producers, the further loss of their share in the hands of the firms concerned, and the inability of the firms to sustain high-value R & D investment under financial pressure, have become more pronounced in recent years.
By contrast, there is a growing tendency for continental firms to take on a larger share of the chain of larger customers. Large customers are also interested in enabling more continental firms to enter the chain.
For example, in 2021, he took over some of the macbookair surrogate business from Guangta and Fuscon, and in 2022 Sunwoo took over a share of the shot supply from Dae Liqiang and Yu Jing Guang. Ko Wai also went into the camera module business of the big customer's cell phone.
Despite the withdrawal from large customers, large customers still have a very profitable business for mainland producers. From the consumer electronics industry chain, while large customers' business is not easy to do, if they follow technologically and administratively, they are paid.
As a supplier of large clients, the communications and Gore’s big client strategy were divided in 2013-2014. Gore adopted a diversified customer structure development strategy for a number of reasons, and has been since.
After strategic adjustments in 2016, it was not possible to return to the big client focus strategy, and in 2018, to get a replacement share of the airpods. And the message keeps going deeper into the big client core business area.
The company is now growing faster in the industry chain of large clients and the overall share is low. According to our splits and measurements of company lines, in 2021 the company ' s spare parts/systems/assembles/models were assembled outside the company ' s product line structure.
In the next few years, as the company increases its share in the assembly of airpods, applewatch and mr production systems, the company is expected to maintain a rapid growth trend in the assembly of the system.
For the zero component, there will be some structural changes as large clients consider products such as mobile phones. For example, cell phones lighting and dongle, as cell phones lightning interfaces are replaced by type-c interfaces, they will gradually decrease and add a type-c interface module to the whole machine.
Large clients will increase the demand for the robotic vibration motor, which will drive the component to grow. As the front camera increases the auto-focalization function, the transmission is expected to gain a share of the af-related vccm-circle motor component.
The Division is expected to grow 15% cagr in 2025 in terms of income from component operations, and the first since 2011 will be hosted by the Big Client's Autumn News launch on 8 September 2022 Beijing Time. We expect the sales of the iPhone 14 series in 2022 to be about 83.5 million.
On stage, iPhone14, with iPhone14plus (or iPhone14max) and iPhone14pro expected the company's mobile phone assembly business, which is now off-the-shelf to be recorded in the company's profit statement. The mobile phone assembly business is mainly organized in conjunction with major shareholders.
The joint venture is very well-organized, with $3.3 billion to buy all of Jiangsu and Kunshan's shares into the iphone assembly business.
Intel business, business service, Jiang Soo Li.
Jiangsu's Quantue/Kunshan, and the company's share in the cellular assembly business is not only lost, but also kept fast. In this case, the whole unit of iphone13pro/iphone14/iphone14plus will be secured.
The share of the load, which is expected to be more than 22 million. In 2023, it was hoped that the ability to assemble the entire series of machines, including the iphone 14pro series, would be realized.
Compared to last year, good rates have increased, leading to a rapid increase in profits in the cellular assembly industry. We expect the company’s return profits on mobile phones to be 818 million in 2022, making it a very resilient business block.
Overall, the company’s roe will continue to grow as the company’s future-higher module (module) and systemassembly (system-level assembly) operations continue to grow. Strategicly, the company’s involvement in the assembly business has widened the product line and created synergies with existing operations;
The company, with its own strong R & D manufacturing capacity and the synergies between business, is expected to take over more and more value-added modules and core parts, such as vcm, and to use smart phones and wearable equipment.
Figure 18. Multi-part parts and modules of the set. Figure 19. Growth of some module business income (in millions of dollars)
The bottom business logic of communications, in our view, is that the bottom business strategy logic of creating communications is “the industry where companies will strategically predetermine technologically accelerate and maximize cakes in the most efficient way”.
The industries that accelerate the iterative cycle will have two features. One, with the accelerated technological upgrading, the original supply chain pattern will be reshuffled. The second, the technology-driven product renewal, the industry cake, is expanding rapidly. Companies aim to find the most dynamic markets in such industries, and
Seeking the most efficient way to get more market shares. 3.1. Collecting smartphone iterative dividends in the most efficient way.
During the fast-track technology cycle, companies managed to achieve faster growth in electrical and brain beams and connectors, later entering the linked pc supply chain, and then becoming marketed in 2010. The smartphones started to develop a trend, driven by Appleiphone.
The replacement of traditional phones by smartphones is in an accelerated phase, accompanied by an accelerated cycle of technology. In the interim, the company, in partnership with Fuscon and Jung-hoon, anchors the best-quality head clients of the smartphone industry and actively cuts in through substitute workers, but still does it in the first place with a good computer-related cable beam.
From now on, as the big customer's cell phone began to use lightning technology, the company began to cut into cellular wires and some of the connector products, and the income grew rapidly and long. By providing a substitute for the big customer, it also laid the company's reputation and position in the industry, and then expanded very quickly and quickly in the Android clientele.
After that, the company began to cut into the big customer’s cell phone with its own components and subsequent mobile smart equipment. While early computer operations were still growing, their share continued to decline as the technology cycle slowed down.
A series of M&As began, particularly the acquisition of direct supplier qualifications for the major clients of the Kunsan Federation and the realization of Jiang Si Bo’s full supply capacity on the online beams to set the stage for the company’s rapid upgrading of the big customer beam and connector operations.
Once the shares on the online beams and connectors have been stung, they have been rapidly cut through a series of acquisitions and technological developments into cellular clusters such as antennas, wireless chargers, acoustic devices, soft boards, linear motors and camera modules, and the success of these operations comes from the company's management on the one hand.
The company’s forward-looking acquisition in 2017 led to the supply of acoustic components in Shanghai.
The chain, and the gradual replacement of the British industry for a core system assembly supplier for the big customer tws headphones. Since 2017, a new round of high-speed growth has been opened (a system assembly with a different speed of growth in 17/18/19, which further enhances its ability to compete in a smart fit, also indicates that the company has been able to perform as well.
For smart phones, although the technology of smart phones has become a bottleneck, with the advent of the cosmos, it can be expected that the connection between smart phones and mr will be new in the near future.
In 2020, the company acquired 100% of Jiangsu and Kunshan's shares in cash.
The acquisition and operation of the Quotomodule, as well as the cip module and miniledmodule, are in addition to the technology cycle of the wearable and meta-cosmos, where 35 billion of them are in wearing (mainly watch) and 27 billion are in smart terminals (miniled).
The 950 million dollars is spent on sip, which can be used in the direction of wearable and meta-cosm. We think that electric cars and mr are already at the beginning of the technology start-up cycle.
We predict that, with the accelerated commercialization of electric cars and xr, the company’s layout over the past few years may yield substantial returns over the next decade or more. But the business logic is different, and the corresponding layout strategy is different.
In the case of electric cars, the company focused its efforts primarily on the ecosphere-building level, with one side building a triangle of the whole car assembly-tire 1.5-component to respond to the main needs of the technological development of electric cars, and the other, focusing on the clientele, the Chinese and the larger customers.
In the case of xr operations, the company has mainly adopted a large customer binding strategy, while at the same time strengthening its cooperation with mainstream vr/ar systems, including Google, Sony, Meta and Microsoft.
3.2. Electric automobiles: the overall strategic layout is initially completed. The company ' s overall layout in the new energy automobile industry is still rapidly developing and exploring in comparison to the traditional fuel automobile industry and the new energy automobile industry.
In the process, but at the same time new brands of new technologies are constantly being introduced within the industry, and companies consider the new energy automobile industry to be one of the industries that has accelerated the technology cycle, so they have been running auto connections and connection lines since 2011 to extend the industrial chain through continuous acquisition and integration.
The acquisition of one of the four giants of the international auto parts and components by In vitro Links in the year was a key step in the strategy for car parts and components. In 2022, the company worked together to build a cross-border enabling vehicle. This led to the complete assembly of the car to Tier 1.5.
A triangulation of the zero component. Parts and components: Extensions of the Ministry of Industry and Industry under the flag of Ceefu.
In 2013, German suk became a direct supplier to German companies such as BMW, Mercedes, etc., just as it was before, to acquire an apple vendorcode by acquiring a combined electron.
In addition, in 2017, the company replenished its capital to create the Seng Jian Li Tse, which mainly produces high-voltage connectivity systems for electric cars to meet the high-voltage requirements of the wires and connection systems of the electric automobile industry and to continuously improve the strategic layout of car parts.
In May 2017, when a joint venture was set up between Cefu and Fogia to develop auto-drive interior and safety technologies, the body control department merged with the existing structure, and it was intended to sell this part of the business. By this opportunity, it acquired the four leading international automobile parts and components company.
The first line of business, which quickly formed the global production line layout and supply chain, and the other, which acquired the qualifications of suppliers for the main international car factory, began to build the Tier 1.5 business model from the domain controller.
In the traditional car industry, the Tier 1 (first-tier supplier) not only supplies a total of modules directly to the car factory, but can also participate in each other's R & D processes with the entire factory, with the highest participation in the whole car manufacturing process.
Tier1 has a very important and irreplaceable place in the chain of traditional automobiles... because the electronic and electrical structure of cars (e/e) is the car's “bones”, which basically determines the supply of cars.
The pattern of the chain. For a long time now, the development of e/e architecture was the profession of Tier1. With the advent and spread of electric and autopilot technologies, the traditional e/e architecture has changed rapidly, and the old decentralized ecu has now been replaced by a domain controller for the future.
The “tier 1.5” position, which is advanced in the news, is a new attempt to transform the traditional industry architecture into a new energy engine, car electronics, breaking the original chain structure and accelerating it to a mesh.
The advantages of doing so are mainly two things: reducing the cost of upgrading client technology; and adding fast-tech overlaps and volume speeds to make electric car business consumer electronic. For smart cars, the core is car intelligence architecture, with the owner carrying car intelligence.
For the carrier, it comes from the domain controller. The company's years of business research and development and exhibition on the domain controllers have obtained an order for the domain controllers of the entire international car complex and started to do so this year. In the example of Téla, according to our model, the early-car-type domain controllers total seven plates, packages.
This includes driving, intelligent airspace, power, right-and-right control, communications control. The value of a bicycle is close to $3,000. The twilight controller is one of the key points of the Tier 1.5 strategy and progresses in a step-by-step way to include power, connectors, beams and other smart components.
In February 2022, the company signed the Framework Agreement for Strategic Cooperation with the Chirre Group, and the Consorts Company Ltd. signed the Transfer of Equity with the Qingdao New Energy Automobiles Foundation.
Framework Agreement, which agreed to establish a limited bid to purchase 19.88 per cent of Chir's holdings, 7.87 per cent of Chir's shares and 6.24 per cent of the new Chir's shares in the five provinces of Qing island, in the amount of RMB 10,54 million, followed by a proposed joint venture with Chir's shares to specialize in the development of the odm of new energy vehicles.
The business platform plans to provide front-line R & D design, mass production platforms, and access to the sea by building vehicles for branded customers, providing sophisticated vehicle core zeros, deep-development companies, auto electronics companies, which have worked for many years in the consumer electronics sector, have a strong accumulation of industry and odm capabilities, and are well developed.
Knowing the operating and management model of odm, Chiré is experienced in the field of traditional cars and has a strong technical base. In collaboration with Chirre, the message completed the most important piece of the puzzle in the eco-economy of electric cars.
On the other hand, when the core major customers need complete solutions, they can satisfy the client's main needs, and by 2030, the automobile business is expected to build a new, sophisticated and sophisticated system.
According to our model, it is expected that, by 2030, the start-up will be more than 200 billion dollars in sales on the smart electric motor vehicle business board, and a more sophisticated one will be created.
Car product line angles can be divided mainly into connectors/wire beams, tier1.5 and three parts of other components, and figure 25. Corporate pressure and intelligence on the iron triangle of auto-connected business layouts offer break-through opportunities for wire beams and connector operations.
Car connectors and beams are the main components of the company’s current automobile business. Our model estimates that the vehicle beam and beam (wireharness) account for 70% of the company’s current car business, with the wire beams accounting for 55%.
Electricity and intelligence drive the technology of wire beams and connectors from low-pressure low-speed to high-voltage high-speed displays, which also constitute the best opportunity for a standoff to enter the market. From a linear beam perspective, the main voltage of the new energy car and the escu structure move to domain control, low-pressure.
The value of the beams has been gradually reduced, the high-pressure beam value has been raised, and the value of the whole vehicle has been raised from the original 2000-3000 to an average of over 4,000. And, as battery capacity has increased and power has become rapidly available, the main wire voltage of the new energy vehicle has continued to rise upwards, giving further impetus to the technical overlap of the car beam.
But high-pressure beams are more likely to consider safety reliability than low pressure. High-pressure beams, in addition to some differences in processing, are more important than the placement of high-pressure beams on cars.
Design. High-voltage beams generate electromagnetic interference in the transmission of powerful currents, resulting in the risk of low-voltage wire beams causing electromagnetic interference in the control of single-meta power supply and signal transmission. The high-voltage beam supplier needs to maintain close R & D and service coordination with the entire vehicle plant, and online beam design, manufacturing and wire beam space configurations are formed
On the other hand, the whole car factory would prefer that the wire-string supplier be able to come close to it instead of relying entirely on Tier1. This is a challenge to the business model of the traditional car-string enterprise, but an opportunity to set up a communication.
Figure 26. High-pressure beam links map. The company has maintained rapid development of the car line beam base, which now has seven full-line beams built and gradually operational, each within 200 kilometres of its full-causing plant.
The company will continue to invest in the construction of a new full-line beam base around the client, depending on the client's needs, and, in the case of the car connector, has completed the development of a whole series of products that can provide integrity to the client as the car becomes more electrified and the vehicle-mounted electronics are used more and more.
The connection requirements of the charged system in the shift of the oil-driven vehicle to the electric vehicle have also gradually increased, with the type and number of connectors required for the entire vehicle increasing significantly. Currently, the vehicle connectors are divided into three main types. One is the low-pressure/low-speed connector, which is used mainly in the car's ecu and sensor locations, value, etc.
Second, the high-voltage connector, which caters mainly to electric needs. The high-voltage connector applications include charge guns, recharge seats, high-voltage small currents, high-voltage large currents, etc.
Around $2200-2400, which is related to the structure of the car, there will be more sophisticated connections to the high-end structure. The main manufacturers are Teco, Rosenberg, Ambofo, Anfino, Lear, etc., and the domestic competitors are China Light, Ricoda, and so on. Domestic manufacturers in the fields of high voltage, small charge guns, etc.
Acquisitions, but there is a gap in the performance of high-voltage big current connectors. There is currently competition among domestic manufacturers for high-speed connectors, including fakra, minifakra, hsd (radio frequency) and Ethernets, which mainly meet the requirements for car-assisted driving, intelligent driving, and car-connection.
More and less unit costs, about $700-1300 in bicycles, and if you enter class 12, don't drive automatically, it's generally worth more than $1,000. The global market is dominated by Rosenberg and Teco electronics, and the domestic market is dominated by competitors such as electricity company technology and Ricoda.
At present, the company’s product lines are low-pressure to high-pressure to high-speed full-car series connectors, a product mix that can provide customers with a full package of wire beams and connectors. As the company moves forward in such operations as Tier1.5 and domain controllers, the company has an opportunity to participate.
Research and development systems for clients, ranging from electrical structures to body control, are accompanied by various types of connection devices and beam products, and are then on the path from component suppliers to system solution providers.
According to company reporting, the company achieved $2.1 billion in sales revenue in the first half of the year in automobile business, which is not as fast as in the previous six months, owing mainly to the fact that the company's main business is currently connected to the wires and the links, and the speed of growth in automobiles. We expect that by 2025, the company will be on-line and on-line.
As the domain controllers are phased in over the next year and the power unit supports, the company's tier 1.5 strategy will enter the acceleration phase in 23 years.
By function, vehicles can be divided into five domains - power, chassis, cabin, autopilot, and body. Priority is usually given to building domain controls in autopilots and smart spaces, and to creating more easily perceived differences among consumers. The power master domain controller is responsible for the control of the three power systems.
. The chalk domain controller involves security brakes, diversions, etc., and requires a fast, slow response rate. It is still dominated by ecu. The body area controller is mainly controlled by the electronic parts of the body, such as rain scrape, windows, car keys, etc.
Domains, which integrate power, chassis, and vehicle domains into whole car control (vdc). The tactile domain controllers are involved in both smart driving and smart cabins. In smart cabins, there is a lot of screens to connect the Linux system to Andre system; in intelligent driving, there is a major focus on intelligent driving.
Traditional industries provide a complete set of systems. In power systems, companies introduce several key products, bdu (cell block breakers), pdu (high voltage distribution units) and inverters in electric auto power systems. pdu is responsible for new energy.
Power distribution and management functions in the source vehicle high voltage system, which also integrates the bms master, charge module, dc module, ptc control module, etc.; reverses can convert battery direct current electricity into three-phase electrical motors, which are the core parts of the new energy vehicle and whose performance directly relates to the table of the motor.
Following the trend in the car e/e structure, it has now entered the international front-line automobile branding company controllers, which are expected to start in the next year. The electric motor power system has been introduced into the country, with business revenues accounting for about 40% of the overall automobile business.
Other spare parts operations, bcs may be injected into listed companies in the future. In 2017, a well-informed controlling shareholder, Constellation Limited, acquired the company's body control system.
Operating for an independent company, its business will be the main growth driver in the setup. The business of the bcs enterprise, which was acquired, was mainly in the body control system (lights, steering axes, steering wheels, doors and windows, air conditioning, etc.) and the iecp control panel, focusing on hmi.
Operations. The acquisition will be followed by the re-engineering of its global plants, further expansion of its factories in Romeria and Mexico, while some national plants will be streamlined. In addition, companies will increase their production and technical inputs, planning for smart cockpits, smart drivers, smart network connections, smart battery management, and so forth.
In addition to the original hmi product, the smart cockpit adds dashboards, central controls, screens, and, at present, bcs operations are well developed in four major areas, gradually generating new project fixes. Rainfall, tire pressure sensors are good for customer reputations, hmi products are more powerful than their counterparts, and self-research and development intelligence is important.
Accesssystems, smart gateways, are developing battery-segregated products with a long-term target of full vehicle wireless charging.
In the case of smart cars, a comprehensive strategy has emerged for “Waa + Chirí + Set Up.” In its smart car business model, China plans three main models: the “tier1” model, the “huawai inside” model, and the smart selection model.
Chart 32. The road map for the advance of the auto industry, under the “tier1” model, will be dominated by the entire factory, which will provide the main platform for intelligent driving mdc. The series of 300f, 210, 610 and 810 products has now been created.
In the tier1 mode, the message is expected to work with China on the mdc domain controller.
The second model, the "huawaiinside" or "hi" model, is implemented by the Chinese ads department. The mainframe is autonomous in choosing the bottom-of-the-platform technology for autopilot by providing the customer with a complete program that includes Sensor, smart cabins and body communications.
In this mode, the transmissions are mainly made on the smart space controller cdc, sensors, vehicle communications modules (t-box) and on the vehicle-mounted cameras, radars, etc., which are the three main domain controllers.
Self-developed mcu self-researching laser radar, millimetre wave radar
Algorithms: The third model, the smart selection model, is the model that China most tends to promote.
In order to participate in car design, interior design, and provide smart driving, smart seating, smart power, smart network connections, smart car clouds, five major smart systems, the main cooperative now being Cyrus, the North Volkswagen Blue Valley (Alpha), Chang An (Avita) and so on.
For example, Cyrus did not use ads, and the Vulcans used their own three-in-one power drive. From now on, Chiré will probably be the next car factory to join the Chinese "in the smart selection model."
It is expected that there will be two cars online in the next two years. In this mode, there will be an opportunity with Chi-Ri to participate fully in the supply of domain controllers, such as smart driving, smart cabins, smart electric power, body communications, and components, in addition to whole-of-car manufacturing.
At the moment, the communication is very much complementary to the Chinese car strategy in the overall layout of the car. First, the whole car, the stand-up, Chiré and Hua are necessary to work together in the whole car, and second, to work together strategically on the three main domain controllers: third, the bcs department can work with China on lasers.
In addition to Hua Yu, Tesla is actively seeking operational cooperation with Tesla. First, in terms of volume, Tesla is the world’s largest supplier of pure electric cars.
With the release of several of its plant capacity, the sales volume of the ball market is expected to reach around 3.7 million by 2024. For rallies, after the acquisition of bcs, the company has a production base covering Europe, North America and Asia, which is a small number of countries.
The company that meets Tesla’s procurement needs in the global supply chain. There are many product lines in Tesla that can work together, but most important are Tesla’s domain controllers and ecu operations.
It can be divided into ccm (central computing module), left body control module, right body control module, former body control module and power area (mainly hvcontroller, obc, bms, invertemodule, etc.). The total value of a bicycle is over $3,000.
Tesla's domain controller technology has also been kept up-to-date quickly. For example, the control board for autopilot has been upgraded from hw2.5 to hw3.0, and the chip has a combination of two nvidiaparkersoc, one nvidiapascalgpu and one infiniontricorecpu, into two telachips.
Soc (including neuralwork processors) while entertainment systems replace intel apollolake with ryzen of amd, with an extra gpu board added independently to enhance arithmetic, while the current tesla suppliers in the domain controllers include Jabil in the United States, as well as Guangta and Soyo.
The rapid turnover of products places higher demands on suppliers' combined capabilities, and we expect a future breakthrough in Tesla's domain controllers and ecu's pcba operations.
Apple’s earliest news about cars was the start of the "titan" autopilot project in 2014. The follow-up car-making project has undergone core team executive departures, autopilot team changes, etc.
In June 2022, Apple also released a new version of the carplay system, pulling the car back into people's eyes. Instead of making the car, we think it's more like testing the feedback from the market.
For mature companies like Apple, to advance into new areas that have not yet been explored, it is necessary to see whether there is enough market size in this area, and whether it is in this area to form a definite technological development path, a premise that is not yet met by the current smart car field.
Industry is still in touch, technology is still in an uncertain state, and Tesla, the first-ranked pure electric tap, is far from reaching 5 million units. We expect that large clients will not yet be entering the electric car market.
But we think that when smart electric cars reach a certain stage, like 2028, big customers have the possibility of entering the area of smart electric vehicles, and then set up a signal as a very critical enterprise in the supply chain of large customers, with the ecological and experience of perfect automobile products, they might be the first to benefit.
3.3.xxr Area: Large customers bound to point and face xr: the next technology-accelerating large market since 2019, the global vr/ar volume has risen rapidly and the xr market heat has re-emerged on the basis of.
Wellsenxxr data, the global volume of vr/ar exports has increased by 46/52% for nearly three years, and the accumulation of technology in the industry over the years is expected to materialize over the next few years as the market heat rises and new products become available. In 2021, the global volume of vr/ar shipments was 10,570,000, of which vr was delivered.
In 2024, Wellsennxr predicted that the global volume of vr/ar shipments would reach 50 million/four million each.
The bulk of the plants are located in the xr market, where the share of Meta/nreal in the vr/ar area was raised. According to the vr market, in 2020, oculus (which was bought by Meta in 2014) released a product quest 2, with a single market price of $299. 2022 q1 meta shares in the vr market.
In the first half of 2022, the city of nreal had a high share of 81%. In recent years, it has seen a sharp contraction in the new cycle.
In the short run, the frequency of new products coming out of the market has also increased, and major plants will have heavy-pound products released in almost a year or two. The intensive release of new products is expected to boost market heat further, thereby accelerating the technological succession of the market.
Apples are expected to lead the industry in the mr field. Apples have been in the xr field since 2010 and have initially been patented in the form of ar/vr patent and patented in a variety of areas, such as sensors, imaging technology, etc. The market is expecting 2022h2 apples to roll out mr headwear equipment.
The focus should be on games, videos, virtual meetings, and, with apple technology accumulated over the years, the installation of technical standards is expected to lead the industry. According to theInformation, apples are transplanting facetime, notebooks, etc., into their head.
This function is currently not available to other top-show manufacturers only for a single hardware product. Figure 42. Apple's deep cultivation and layout in xr. Figure 43. Applemr as a single machine supply chain
Firmly tied up the big customer strategy, started a new cycle of growth, based on a bottom-of-the-art business logic, and companies are expected to replicate the success stories on their mobile phones, deep tied to large clients in the Xr field, where the technology cycle has accelerated, and in the future, with the volume of Xr equipment produced by the big client.
Opens a new cycle of growth. The company is now technically configured in xr. Based on the depth of iphones, airpods, the company has matured in connection, optical/acoustic components, charging modules, etc.
Lines, with extensive experience in system-level assembly and complete assembly. At the same time, as a member of the Communications Group, Kowai Electronics has signed a framework for a strategic cooperation agreement with the listed company, Sudawig, and has formed a joint venture to develop and develop core optical devices such as tofdiffuser, doe optical devices, vr, ar, etc.
As a member of an important coalition of partners in creating a message, and with deep involvement in the existing large customer supply chain and full-scale cultivation from zero components/modules to full-time replacements, we believe that the company is well on its way to Xr's leading field.
The supply chain, and the company is expected to benefit from the weekly dividend that will be opened in the next two years by a large downstream customer. We expect 25 million deliveries of mr/vr equipment in 2025.
The future development of large international customers in the mr area. With the company’s successful experience of deep binding with large clients in the mobile phone field, and the input and preparation of the ar/vr head-dressing technology, the company is expected to benefit from the outbreak of large international customers in the mr field.
By doing so, by focusing on broader market opportunities, in the customer dimension, companies are more focused on strengthening strategic partnerships with Google, sony, meta, microsoft and others on xr.
Google has launched the projectiris project and is now expected to launch a new helmet in 2024, code-named “projectiris” since 2012.
Google has been in the Xr area for about 10 years, and the product has been out of the market because of imperfection in hardware and software. Projectiris marks Google’s return to the hardware category, and based on Google’s advanced technology in Xr, the release of new products and the progress of production are still to be expected.
The full-fledged consumer electronic customer supply experience, from zero components to module to system level, and the ability to assemble the full range of packages, the company is expected to move from point to face, to deep-deep clients and to move the package to more high-quality large customers.
The semi-annual performance, the turning point, is already evident from the financial analysis, and we see several clear reverse signals. First, the Topmodule operation of the holding subsidiary (52% of the company's holdings) is expected to be in two.
The revenue/net profit increased significantly by $9.8 billion/287 million, although the net profit rose by a large proportion, but we still see a very low real q2 quarter net profit. This is related to the logistical impact of the second quarter of Shanghai and Jiangsu, when the epidemic intensified.
And the cost of human resources that the epidemic costs makes it unprofitable to raise revenue in the second quarter. But as three quarters of operations go well, and large clients move into the new product season, we judge that three quarters and a quarter of profit levels will be much higher than in one or two quarters.
The company lost about 280 million dollars in 2021. However, according to this year's estimates, 2022h1 made a total net profit of 428 million net profits in the assembly of handheld machines, reflecting an increase in the company's ability to assemble its mobile phones.
And we're looking at a year-round return of more than $800 million to the mother in the cellular assembly business, and the cellular assembly business is going up the profit cycle. Third, the communications plate is growing at a very high rate, based on the addition of high speed and radio frequency connectors/wire beams.
The company’s business expansion in the areas of servers and dispersing thermal modules has created new business growth space. Roe has not yet developed a upward trend in the quarter, but is largely affected by the epidemic, particularly.
The profit implications of the larger Topmodule business. We've judged that q3, company Roe and gross interest rates are expected to go up the road, and the company is going out of the bottom.
We believe that, with the development of communications for large clients, the company will take a new step in its operations. From the income structure, the higher module and system adambly will also form the basis for the company’s growing roe.
The company’s current layout in the mr and automobile areas is moving towards completion, which will gradually give the company a rich return on its earnings over the next 10 years, or even longer. Months, as a result of an epidemic, good production rates, raw material costs, and human capacity, are the reasons for the repression of performance.
The company’s elasticity began to rise. According to our model, the company’s business value has been raised, on the one hand, by maintaining a higher rate of growth in sales earnings. And, on the other hand, by giving a “strongly recommended” rating.
The risk of volatility in the sales of large clients: the relative concentration of customers downstream of a company, where the sales of end-of-equipment or the roll-out of new products are not as fast as expected by a closely tied client, will have a direct impact on the volume of company shipments, which in turn will cause some volatility at the receiving end of the company.
Economic and political risks: In a global economic downturn and uncertain future, downstream terminal demand tables may be weak, affecting corporate demand for products and corporate performance. At the same time, corporate customers are concentrated abroad and have multiple subsidiaries in Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, the United States, Vietnam, etc.
The political environment is influenced by factors such as big-country games, or creates uncertainty about corporate profitability. The risk of internal management associated with business expansion is that companies are operating rapidly in the consumer electronics sector, but at the same time are well-connected in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc., and are relatively fragmented.
Internal regulation, market expansion, production management, etc., can influence the pace of corporate expansion in the expansion of the map.