Recommended (first coverage) Precision (002475.sz): complete layout and wait for new products - company first coverage and semi-annual review report
Xiaoqiang, the core indicator that determines the precise trend volatility of stock prices, keeps the income trend up.
Growth would come from Roe more than from the Maori rate, which is determined by the company’s business model. We believe that in 2022, with the development of business with large clients, the company’s business with large clients would not be in a bottleneck phase, but rather in the early stages of a new step.
According to our estimates, by 2030, the launch could reach a total of 1.33 trillion dollars in the big customer's tam (effective target space), while by 2025 the company's income for the big client is expected to reach $488 billion, compared to $114 billion in 2021, leading to 36 per cent cagr growth, while consumer electronics are still available.
In terms of the income structure, the higher share of the module (module) and system assembly (system-level assembly) business forms the basis for the company’s continued growth of roe. With regard to the bottom-of-the-line business strategy logic, we conclude that “the company will have a strategic prejudicing technique”
The industry that accelerates the technology cycle, and maximizes the cake in the most efficient way.” The firm's success lies in the implementation of this bottom logic. The industry that accelerates the technology cycle in downstream demand will have several features.
It will be reshuffled. Second, it will be technologically driven by faster product renewal and faster industrial cakes. At this point, electric cars and mr are on the list. The company's current layouts in the mr and car fields are moving towards completion, which will gradually give the company a decade or more.
The inter-trace offers a great opportunity for returns. New energy vehicles: the greatest logic is that the company’s main industry card is almost complete, leading to a gold triangle from the assembly-tire1.5, which is the main component, which will usher in the automobile industry in the coming years.
The net asset rate of return (weighted) is a high-speed development period.
In May of this year, the performance of the epidemic, good production rates, cost of raw materials and human resources, among other factors, was gradually eliminated, and firm performance was becoming more resilient. Based on our model, the risk of volatility in sales to large clients, economic and political risks, and internal controls associated with the expansion of operations began to emerge.
(1) First, we believe that the core indicators that determine the trend volatility of sophisticated stock prices will come more from Roe than from the Māori rate, in the context of the upward trend in revenue collection, which is determined by the corporate business model.
We believe that in 2022, with the improved operations of big clients, the company is not entering a bottleneck phase, but rather a new stage. According to our calculations, the launch will have reached a total of the big clients' tam by 2030.
With an annual income of 114 billion, 36% of cagr growth, consumer electronics still have high growth expectations. In terms of income structure, the higher share of module (module) and systemassembly (system-level assembly) operations forms the basis for the company’s growing roe.
(2) Secondly, with regard to the bottom business strategy logic of communications, we sum up as “the industry where strategic preconceptions of companies accelerate the cycle of technology and maximize cakes in the most efficient way.” The success of the Department in the past lies in the implementation of this bottom logic.
Downstream demand-driven industries that accelerate technological iterative cycles will exhibit several features. First, technological upgrading accelerates, and the original supply chain pattern will be reshuffled. Second, technology-driven product renewal accelerates and industrial cakes expand rapidly. Now, electric cars and mr are on the list.
The company’s current layout in the mr and automobile fields is moving toward completion, which will gradually give the company a rich return on its earnings over the next 10 years, or even longer. New energy vehicles: the greatest logic is that the company’s main industry card is almost complete, leading to a grouping.
In the next few years, high-value universes and xr: binding large client mr operations and strengthening strategic partnerships with companies like Google, Sony, Meta, microsoft and others on xr.
(1) With regard to reported and valued months, performance repression due to various factors such as the epidemic, good production rates, cost of raw materials and human capacity is being phased out, and corporate performance elasticity is beginning to show up.
2. Roe is a more reflective of corporate value trends, and we believe that core indicators that determine the trend volatility of sophisticated stock prices will come from Roe more than from Māori. This is the firm ' s business.
2.1. Why do we focus more on roe than on the Maori rate?
From a simple financial statement, the company has in recent years deviated from the Māori rate. The decline in Māori since 2018 is not due to a decline in the profitability of the business, but to changes in the product structure and the attendant good rates and productivity slopes.
In terms of product structure, the company is gradually moving from parts-based operations to systems-level assembly and moduleing. The Māori rate alone, the component business, is higher than the system assembly and module because it involves different cost structures. But, from a profit-making perspective, the system assembly and module are far more profitable.
Larger than zero components. System assembly and modules, when they reach a good level of efficiency and capacity utilization, are much more likely than components operations. Based on our decomposition and measurement of company operations, module/system assembly/packing blocks are Māori.
The ability of companies to make a profit on their net assets has been strong since the system assembly and related module operations into the airpods. It was not until 2021 that some of the returns were made, mainly because of the recurring effects of the epidemic on the cost of raw materials, disruptions in the supply chain phase and logistics, as well as the high and high volume of topmodule operations.
So, until 2015, it was done by expanding the zero-component and client groups, and after 2015, it started to move from a “big” to a “biger and stronger” strategy. In this case, business prospects are judged simply by the change in the Māori ratio.
Companies are constantly entering the larger space market and gaining a larger share. Based on our model calculations, we're developing zero components, modular operations and systems assembly operations that are currently involved.
The corresponding market space is 60.7 billion, 30.5 billion and 1.1 trillion, respectively. The share of zero-component operations is about 30% of the ceiling and a few 50-60% of the ceiling. But in both modules and system assembly, the share is 50% of the ceiling.
It's a long pain. As the phased structural upgrade is completed, the firm's elasticity changes the Māori rate more, and the relevancy of the roe to the company's share price is high. By collating the company's historical stock price, the Māori rate to the roe, we find the company's history.
Stock prices are more dynamic with Roe. Looking back at the overall stock price fluctuations (to better reflect current stock prices, we take out equity prices), there are basically two conclusions. First, the company ' s Roe fluctuations are closely related to the upgrading of business structures in large clients. Second, the Roe fluctuations are related to stock prices.
When Roe is in reverse at the bottom, stock prices tend to be staged, faced with the challenge of replacing the lvds by fpc, but obtained direct supplier qualifications and strategic partnerships with the big clients through the acquisition alliance, on multiple product lines.
The expansion, including the magsafe magnetic straw beams for macbooks, cell phone lightning lines and doongle products, took place at a time when equipment inputs, production-line automation and good-rate climbs were low, but then the arrival and improvement of household orders led to a sharp upward trend in the roe, with stock prices at the bottom and higher.
The build-up of systems is an entirely new area, compared to the expansion of production lines for zero components. Companies also pay a huge price for this, but with the emergence of the system as a major supplier on the airpods and the hot selling of products, it is not possible to do so.
The company reached an all-time high in 2020, with a market value of over 400 billion.
In the area of system assembly and complete assembly, the module area has moved into Topmodule, where several projects have been launched with numerous challenges such as epidemics, logistics, and spare parts shortages, which have put enormous pressure on the company Māori and Roe, but as we see the growth of new lines of business and crop activity, we are seeing a gradual increase in the number of new lines of operation.
We expect that the company Roe will rise at the end of next year and hopefully reach a higher level in the next two years. 2.2. The business model for communication needs to be focused on two core premises, and we believe that with 2015 as a watershed, the business model for communication has changed significantly.
The strategy, which focuses on the horizontal expansion of the zero component, has begun to shift to model-based and system-based strategic orientations, thereby enhancing its net asset profitability. The business model of communications has been adjusted accordingly, i.e., by increasing capital leverage and deepening its alignment with large client strategies.
This change in business patterns can give firms a fast-growing incentive, but two core premises must be guaranteed. One is the target market space, and one is the customer's quality. Two core premises, one is not.
Roe is more likely to reflect the company’s “high-leveraging”-driven model. As can be seen from the company’s dismantling, the rise in roe after 2016 is driven mainly by the increase in debt ratios and asset efficiency.
In addition, the huge downstream demand of large clients and their continuous ability to innovate in products are evidence of the size of the target market. It is for this reason that companies, on the one hand, meet the requirements of large clients through their own technological and managerial upgrading, and, on the other hand, begin to venture into highly leveraged operations.
Models, scavenging a larger volume of business, and achieving sustained high growth in corporate business. Companies are mainly financed through bond issuance and short-term borrowing, while multiple projects, such as sip wrapping, sophisticated electronic devices for mobile phones, smart appliance devices, car electronics, etc.
In addition to the auto business, it can be seen that the main source of finance is still on the consumer electronics, with the central objective of moving towards a system-level assembly and a key part of the module direction.
We believe that the current collaboration with large clients is not a bottleneck phase, but rather an initial step on a new step. According to our calculations, the total number of big clients' tam (effective target space) can reach 1.3 trillion by 2030, and the company's collection of large clients by 2025.
2.3. Since 2018, the system assembly and module-led company Roe has had the opportunity to make rapid advances in the assembly and module operations of the large client system, also in connection with the withdrawal trend of the main plant.
In recent years, Taiwan firms have shown a gradual exit from the chain of large clients. There are a number of contextual factors in this. First, large customers continue to have higher cost-control requirements. On the one hand, suppliers' technological and automated capabilities need to continue to be upgraded, while on the other hand they require a sustained reduction in costs.
There is an inevitable trend towards a concentration of suppliers: secondly, high manufacturing capacity and low cost of continental producers, and given the strong consumer capacity of continental markets, large customers are also willing to give the continent a larger share in economic terms, leading to a further loss in the hands of Taiwan firms, and in the back of scale.
This trend has become more evident in recent years. On the contrary, the current trend is for continental firms to gradually take on a larger share of the chain of large customers’ industries.
According to the list of major suppliers disclosed by the major customers, 96 mainland firms entered the list in 2020, occupying almost half of the seats. For example, in 2021, the story of Thailand taking over part of the macbookair trade from Guangta and Fuscon.
In 2022, Soon-woo also took a share of the shot supply from Da Li Qiang and Yu Jing Guang. And Ko Wai has entered into the camera module business of the big customer's cell phone.
Business is still very profitable. In the consumer electronics industry chain, although business is not easy for large customers, the development opportunities and financial returns that they bring to firms are still excellent if they follow technologically and objectively.
As a major customer supplier, a disagreement arose between Gore and the big client strategy in 2013-2014. Gore adopted a diversified client structure development strategy for a number of reasons, and only then, after strategic adjustments in 2016, did he return to the big client focus strategy in 2018.
In the case of communications, there is much room for upswing in components, modules, and system assembly. Companies are now growing faster in the chain of large customers’ industries and are not doing so as a whole.
According to our breakdown and measurement of the company's lines of operations, in 2021 the company's spare parts/systems/assembly/models were assembled outside the company's product line structure, and profits were shown for investment earnings.
They're all on the list. As the company's share of assembly in airpods, applewatch, and mr production systems increases over the next few years, the company will maintain a rapid growth trend in system assembly, and for the zero component, it is expected to appear as large clients consider products such as mobile phones.
Some structural changes, such as cellular lighting and dongle, will gradually decrease as cell phone lighting interfaces are replaced by type-c interfaces, and new opportunities will be created for modems of type-c interfaces in the whole machine. Large clients will increase the demand for the motor to vibrate the body, driving the component to grow.
By increasing the auto-focalization function, communication is expected to gain a share of the af-related vcm-circle motor component. And the laptop and radio charger function of Pad is expected to drive the growth of this component. We predict that the Department is expected to achieve 15% cagr growth in the revenue of the component’s operations in 2025.
The Big Client's Autumn launch will be held on 8 September 2022 Beijing Time, the first since 2011. We expect the first sales of the iPhone 14 series in 2022 to be about 83.5 million, while iPhone14 on iPhone14plus (or iPhone14max) and iPhone14pro are expected
The company's cellular assembly business, which is now off-the-shelf, is now recorded in the company's profit schedule. The cellular assembly business is often structured through a joint venture formed with major shareholders, with $3.3 billion to buy Jiangsu and Kunshan.
All shares are transferred to the iphone assembly business.
Jiang Soo Li, Jiang Soo-suk/Kun-Sun
In the case of cellular assembly, the company not only loses its share, but also maintains its share of the fast-track share. In this case, it will receive the share of the whole unit of the iphone 13pro/iphone14/iphone14plus, which is expected to be more than 22 million.
In the first half of the year, according to the reported data, the company ' s mobile phone assembly business became a turning point, with a net profit of 427 million dollars, or 213 million dollars for the mother. Compared to last year, the rate of improvement has led to the build-up of mobile phones.
We expect the company’s return profits on mobile phones to be 818 million in 2022, which will be a very flexible business block for the company. Overall, with the company’s higher future share of module and systemassembly
The company's business (system-level assembly) will continue to grow. Strategicly, the company's involvement in the assembly business widens the product line and creates synergies with the existing business; strategically, it will further elevate the profile of the communications in the large customer supply chain.
After doing so, with its strong R & D manufacturing capacity and synergies between operations, it is expected to take over more value-added modules and orders for core parts, such as vcm, and make a breakthrough in smartphones and sip wrapping.
Figure 18. Multi-part parts and modules of the setup
In our view, the bottom business strategy logic of the communication is “the industries where companies will strategically predetermine the technology that accelerates, and maximizes the cake in the most efficient way”. The industries that accelerate the technology cycle driven by downstream demand will have two features.
The supply chain pattern will be reshuffled. Second, technology-driven products are being upgraded faster, and industry cakes are expanding rapidly. Companies aim to find the most dynamic markets in such industries and to find the most efficient way to get more market shares.
3.1. The most efficient way to reap the replacement dividend of smartphones started in the early days of the company, mainly by making the connection and wires in the laptop, and during the rapid technology replacement cycle of the notebooks, the company obtained electricity by doing substitute work for Fauscant.
The brain beams and connectors grew faster, entering the linked pc supply chain at a later stage, and became marketed in 2010. Smart phones, driven by Appleiphone, began to develop a trend, with smartphones replacing traditional phones entering an acceleration phase, accompanied by an accelerated cycle of technology.
The firm's business partnership with Fusikang, Jung-hoon, anchored the smartphone industry's top-quality head clients and actively engaged through surrogates, but initially with computer-related beams, and as the big customer's cell phone started to use lightning technology, the company started to cut into cellular connectors.
And some of the connector products are growing fast and long-term. By acting as a substitute for large clients, the company's reputation and position in the industry has also been established, and then reached very quickly at the endroid clients, setting up their position in the domestic cellular cord. After that, the company began to cut into the big customer's cell phone.
His components and subsequent mobile smart equipment. While early computer operations are still growing, the share of business continues to decline as the technology and technology cycle slows down.
Qualifications of suppliers, and Jiang Si Bo’s ability to deliver the full series of specifications on the online beams, set the stage for companies to rapidly upgrade their operations in large customer beams and connectors. After the online beams and their share on the connectors have been tightened, rapid cuts have been made through a series of acquisitions and technology research and development.
The successful entry into cellular clusters such as antennas, wireless chargers, acoustic devices, soft boards, linear motors and camera modules is based, on the one hand, on the uniqueness of the company's operations management and, on the other hand, on the fact that mobile phones are still on a fast-tech track.
And fast catching the starting point of an iterative cycle of products that can be worn is an important reason for companies to move into a new phase of growth. In 2017, companies pre-empted the U.S.A.A.E.E. into the chain of supply of acoustic components, and gradually replaced the British industry’s core system assembly suppliers for large customers tws headphones.
Since 2017, a new round of high-speed growth has been opened by corporate collections (17/18/19, with separate speeds of growth in the system watch, further strengthening its ability to be intelligent enough to wear, and also indicating that companies still have fast-track product rotations for smart-looking products.
For smartphones, while seeing smartphone technology in a bottleneck period, with the advent of the universe, smartphones and mr's interconnections can be foreseen in the near future, bringing about the possibility of a new technology cycle. The company's tactical cut-off from cellular assembly and core to tot.
In 2020, the company acquired 100% of Jiangsu, Kunshan, and went to the iPhone assembly area.
Module and Miniledmodule, both of which are designed to meet the technological iterative cycles of the wearing and meta-cosmos, have 35 billion of them in wearing (primarily watch), 27 billion in smart terminals (miniled), and 950 million dollars in sip, from a fixed incremental input, can be used against each other in the direction of the wearing and meta-cosm.
We believe that electric cars and mr are already at the beginning of the technology-starting cycle. And the company actually started the strategic layout of electric cars and xr in the early stages, and the structure of the industry gradually took shape.
But the business logic is different, and the corresponding layout strategy is different. For electric cars, companies focus their main energies on the level of ecosphere-building, on one side.
The triangular architecture of the whole car assembly-tire1.5-component is designed to respond to the main needs of the technological development of electric automobiles, while the client focus is on ethla, China and a client group such as large clients with integrated hardware and software capabilities for strategic cooperative development.
In the case of xr operations, the company has mainly adopted a large customer binding strategy, while strengthening its cooperative relationship with mainstream systems vr/ar, including Google, sony, Meta and microsoft.
The company's overall profile in the new energy automobile industry is still in the process of developing and exploring new technologies, compared to the traditional fuel automobile industry and the new energy automobile industry, but there are constantly new brands of new technologies in the industry, which companies think is new.
The energy automobile industry is one of the industries with an accelerated technology cycle, so the company has been running automobile connections and connection lines since 2011, extending the industrial chain through continuous acquisition and integration. In 2018, one of the four giants of Tier 1 acquired international auto parts and components through in vitro connections.
A subsidiary company is a key step in developing a strategy for car parts and components. In 2022, the company worked together to create a cross-border enabling vehicle. This created a triangle that assembled the whole car to Tier 1.5 and then zero components.
Parts and components: The company acquired a variety of extension products from the Ministry of Industry under the flag of Cefu. In 2011-2012, the company acquired Quintao Electronics and Fujian Photoelectrics, while adapting the use of public fund-raising, which provided a sophisticated supply of car connectors and cords.
In 2013, German suk, a company that acquired car plastics, became a direct supplier of German cars, such as BMW, Mercedes, etc., as it did the acquisition of an apple vendorcode, before entering its supply chain. In addition, in 2017, the company increased its funding for the creation of the Sundang Quest.
In May 2017, a joint venture was established between Cefu and Fogia to develop auto-drived cars.
This is the opportunity to buy the line of business of the four leading international automobile parts and components, which rapidly shapes the global production and supply chain on the one hand, and the other on the other.
In the traditional auto industry, the Tier 1 (first-tier supplier) not only supplies the sum of the sum of the totals directly to the plant, but also to the company itself.
Modules, and even whole cars, can be involved in each other’s R & D processes, with the highest participation in the whole car manufacturing process. The traditional Tier 1 companies, such as Bozo, Seba, Electric, Continental, and so forth, have developed into mega-enterprises.
Tier1 has a very important and irreplaceable place in the industry chain of traditional automobiles. The reason is that the electronic structure of automobiles (e/e) is the car's “bones” that basically shape the chain of supply of cars. For a long time, the development of e/e structures was the profession of Tier1.
With the advent and gradual diffusion of electric and autopilot technologies, the traditional e/e architecture has undergone a rapid transformation, and the formerly decentralized ecu has now been replaced by a single domain controller that will complete the future centralized e/e network architecture.
The “tier 1.5” position, which is very well developed, is a new attempt to transform the traditional industry structure into a new energy engine, car electronics, breaking the original chain structure and accelerating the transformation to a grid. The advantages of this approach are two main things: a reduction in the cost of upgrading client technology, and an increase in the cost of upgrading the technology.
For smart cars, the core of this is car intelligence architecture, while the main vehicle carrying car intelligence comes from domain controllers. The company conducts years of business research and development on domain controllers.
On the basis of our model, for example, the early-car-type domain controllers total seven panels, covering the driving, intelligent cabin, power, right-hand door control, communications control.
It's close to $3,000. It's using domain controllers as one of the key support points of the Tier 1.5 strategy, and it's moving towards power, connectors, beams, and other smart components.
In February 2022, the company signed the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Chirre Group, and the Consorts Company Ltd. signed the Constabulary Framework Agreement with the five Qingdao New Energy Automotives Foundation, which agreed to limit the opening for the purchase of five Qingdao parties at a cost of RMB 10,054 million.
The business platform plans to create a zero core of sophisticated cars by making cars for brand clients.
Business provides cutting-edge R & D design, mass production platforms and access to the sea, deep development companies, automobiles and electronics, which have been working for years in the consumer electronics sector, with deep industrial accumulation and odm capabilities, familiar with the odm operating and management model, and Chiré with experience and skills in the traditional car industry.
In collaboration with Chirí, the message completed the most important piece of the puzzle in the eco-construction of the powered car. By completing the entire supply chain, it was able to do better the Tier1.5 model, optimizing the product and production structure, opening up its zero components and connectors and connecting lines for application throughout the vehicle.
On the other hand, at a time when the core major clients need complete solutions, they can meet their main clients, and by 2030, the auto business is expected to build another sophisticated piece of information, which, according to our model, is expected to be on the smart electric car business board by 2030.
Auto-assembly operations, which are now mainly on stand-alone-Chire. And in terms of the car product lines of the public company's main subject, they can be divided into connectors/wiring beams, Tier1.5 and three parts of other components.
Figure 25. The company’s iron triangle for the layout of car interconnections, with high pressure and intelligence, offers a breakthrough opportunity for wire and connector operations, which are the main components of the company’s current automobile business.
The models measure that the car beams and wireharness account for 70% of the company's current car operations, with the wire beams accounting for 55%. In the last few years, as new energy vehicles develop, electrodynamic and intelligent drive the technology of the beams and connectors from low-pressure low-speed to high-pressure high-speed.
From the point of view of the wires, the main voltage of the new energy car and the shift of the ecu structure to domain control, the low pressure, the reduced value of the wire beams, the higher value of the high pressure beams, and the value of the entire car from the original 2000 to 3000.
The dollar rises to an average of more than $4,000. And, as battery capacity rises and power is rapidly available, the main wire voltage of the new energy vehicle continues to rise upwards, giving further impetus to the technical overlap of car beams.
But high voltage beams are more likely to be considered for safety reliability than low voltage. High voltage wires, in addition to some differences in process, are more important than the design of high voltage beams on cars. High voltage beams cause electromagnetic interference in the transmission of powerful currents, resulting in low pressure beams on control sheets.
The risk of electromagnetic interference in the electricity supply and transmission of signals requires that high-pressure beam suppliers maintain close R & D and service coordination with the entire plant, and that online beam design, manufacturing and wire beam space placement form a coherent solution.
It's a challenge to the business model of the traditional car wires, but it's an opportunity to set up a communication. Figure 26. High pressure beam links.
The company has maintained rapid growth in its bus beam base, which has now been built and gradually operational, with seven full-line beam bases, each located within 200 kilometres of its full-causing plant, and will continue to invest in the construction of a new full-line beam base around the customer, depending on the client's needs.
For car connectors, the development of a full series of products has been completed, which can provide integrity to the client. As cars become more electrified, vehicle-mounted electronic devices are increasingly being used, and the connection requirements of the power-filled system in the shift of the oil-driven vehicle to the electric vehicle have gradually increased.
The number of connectors has increased significantly. There are currently three main types of vehicle connectors. The first is a low-pressure/low-speed connector, which is used mainly in cars, ecu and sensors, etc., with lower values, higher cost controls at large international plants and higher scale effects.
The second is a high-voltage connector, which meets primarily electrical needs. The high-voltage connector applications include charge guns, chargers, high-voltage small currents, high-voltage large currents, etc. The high-voltage connector has a large vehicle value of around $2200-2400, which is related to the structure of the vehicle, with more sophisticated high-end structures connected.
The main manufacturers are Teco Electronics, Rosenberg, Amboove, Anfino, Lear, and the domestic competitors are China Light, Ricoda, etc. Domestic manufacturers have a slight advantage in high voltage, small currents, charge guns, etc., but there is a certain difference in performance between high voltage big current connections.
Three are high-speed connectors, including fakra, minifakra, hsd (radio frequency) and Ethernet, which mainly meet the requirements for assistive driving, intelligent driving, and car connectivity.
The global market is dominated by Rosenberg and Teco, and the domestic market is dominated by competitors such as Electric Company Technology and Ricoda. Currently, the company’s product lines are low-pressure to high-pressure to high-speed full-cycle vehicle connections.
A combination of products that can provide clients with a full package of wire beams and connectors. As the company moves forward in such operations as Tier 1.5 and domain controllers, the company has the opportunity to participate in research and development systems ranging from electrical structures to body control and to match the various connections associated with them.
Figure 29. Physical chart of company ' s car connector product, based on the company ' s reported sales revenue of 2.1 billion dollars in the first half of the year in the automobile business.
The main reason for the low rate of growth is whether or not the company's main business is currently connected to the wires and the connections, and the speed of growth in automobiles is accelerating. We expect that by 2025, the company's online beams will be collected, and as the field controllers are phased in next year, the power unit will be instrumental, and the company's Tier 1.5 strategy will be in place.
The domain controllers consist mainly of the master chip, the operating system and the intermediate, the application algorithm software, and so on. By function, vehicles can be divided into five domains - power, bottom, cabin, etc.
Autopilots and autospaces. Priority is usually given to building domain controls in autopilots and smart spaces to create more easily perceived differences among consumers. Powered total domain controllers are responsible for the control of the three power systems. Base area controllers involve security brakes, diversions, etc., and require fast response speeds.
The body area controller is mainly controlled by the electronic parts of the body, such as rain scratches, windows, car keys, etc. The next generation e/e structure will retain the smart driver and smart cabin domain and integrate the power, chassis, and car domain into the whole vehicle control area (vdc).
The domain controllers are involved in both intelligent driving and smart cabins. In smart cabins, there's a lot of screens to connect the Linux system to Andre system, and in intelligent driving, there's a whole range of systems for traditional industries.
With respect to power systems, the company has introduced several key products, bdu (cell block breakers), pdu (high voltage distribution units) and inverters in the electric motor power system.
dc module, ptc control module, etc.; the inverter can convert the battery's direct current into a three-phase electrical exchange required by the motor, which is part of the core parts of the new energy vehicle, the performance of which is directly related to the motor.
Commercial controller suppliers are expected to start releasing in the next year. The electric motor power system has been imported into the country, and the ratio of business income will be around 40% of the overall vehicle business.
In 2017, a well-informed controlling shareholder, Constellation Limited, acquired the company's body control system operation. When the foreign investment was completed, the Global Motors Control System under the trw industry operated for an independent company, and its operations became the main growth driver in the communications portfolio.
The business of the acquired bcs department was primarily a body control system (lights, turn axes, steering wheels, doors, windows, air conditioning, etc.) and a control panel in iecp, focusing on hmi (human interfaces). The acquisition will be followed by a re-engineering of its global plant, Romeria and Merci.
In addition, the company has increased its product and technology inputs, planning for intelligent cockpits, smart drivers, smart network connections, smart battery management, and balanced area development, with smart cockpits added to the original hmi product, dashboards, controls, big screens, etc.
Currently, bcs operates well in four major areas, gradually generating new project fixes. Rains, tire pressure sensors, customers, hmi products are better than their counterparts, develop smart accesssystems, smart gateways, and develop battery-segregated products with a long-term goal of full-line wireless.
At this stage, the business is still proportionally accounted for in the well-established financial statements, and the company’s operations in the Tesla and Hua are expected to develop rapidly in the context of downstream client outreach. In the case of smart cars, the full strategic prototype of “Wan + Chirí + Set Up” has emerged.
In its smart car business model, China plans three main models: the "tier1" model, the "huawai inside" model, and the "brain selection" model.
Under the “tier1” model, the whole factory will be dominated, with China providing the main platform for intelligent driving mdc. A series of 300f, 210, 610 and 810 products has now been created. These include Biadi, one gas, east wind, Jili, upper steam, and so on, using the popular mdc platform and algorithms.
These include aucanlxplus and the Great Wall Dragon (double mdc). Under the Tier1, the message is expected to work with China on the mdc domain controller. The second model, the "huawaiinside" or "hi" mode.
This model is currently used by Audi, Hiro, etc. In this mode, the main location is the smart-barrel domain controller cdc,
Sensor, vehicle communications module (t-box) and car-mounted cameras, radar, etc.
Self-researching laser radars, millimeter wave radar algorithms: Wa is ads
os: aos model number three, the "brain selection model" is the most popular model in China. Under this model, China will be involved in car design, interior design, intelligent driving, smart cabin, intelligence.
There are five major smart systems with electric power, smart network connections, smart car clouds, and currently the main co-operatives are Cyrus, the North Volkswagen Blue Valley (Alpha) and Chang An (Avita). But in practice, cars are now 100% smart-choice options, but a little cut-off. For example, Cyrus does not use ads.
From now on, Chir will probably be the next car factory to be added to the Chinese "Twice Selection Model," and it is expected that there will be two cars online in the next two years. In this model, there will be a chance to set up a message in the same direction.
Together, Swe is fully involved in the supply of domain controls, such as smart driving, smart cabins, smart electric power, body communications, and components, in addition to the entire car manufacture. Currently, communication is well complemented by a Chinese car strategy in the overall layout of the car.
On the whole bus, it is imperative to set up a joint venture between Chir and Wah, and on the other hand, to form a strategic partnership between China and China on the three main domain controllers: third, the bcs industry can work with China on laser radar, millimetre-wave radar and vehicle-borne cameras, with product support from components associated with the smart cabin.
In addition to Hua Luang, Tesla is actively seeking business cooperation with Tesla. First, in terms of volume, Tesla is the world’s largest supplier of pure electric cars. In 2021, Tesla sold 93,570,000 vehicles on the global market, and is expected to be able to release several of its plants by 2024.
Tesla sales can reach around 3.7 million. For the start-up, after the acquisition of bcs, companies have production bases covering Europe, North America and Asia, and are the few domestic firms that can meet Tesla’s procurement needs in the global supply chain.
Tesla has many product lines to work with, but most importantly, Tesla's domain controller and ecu operations. For example, the core domain control and ecu can be divided into ccm (central computing module), left body control module, right body control module, front.
Body control modules and power areas (mainly hvcontroller, obc, bms, invertermodule). The overall value of a bicycle exceeds $3,000.
The control plate was upgraded from hw2.5 to hw3.0 and the chip combination was two nvidiaparkersocs, one nvidiapascalgpu and one infiniontricorecpu, into two telachips soc (including neuralnetworkprocessors).
The product’s fast-changing demands on suppliers’ combined capabilities are higher, and we expect to set the record straight.
Sla's domain controllers and ecu's pcba operations are expected to make a breakthrough in the future. Chart 36. Autopilot and entertainment upgrades of the teslacccm domain controllers.
Apple's earliest news on cars was the launch of the "titan" autopilot project in 2014. The follow-up car-making project experienced no substantial progress in terms of team core executive departures, auto-driving team changes, etc. In June 2022, Apple also released a new version of the carplay bus system.
Instead of bringing apple cars back into people’s eyes, we think that apples are more like testing market feedback. For mature companies like apples, to move into new fields that have not yet been explored.
There is a need to see whether this area has sufficient market size, and whether it can form a definite technological path to development, a premise that is not yet met in the current area of smart cars. The intelligent auto industry is still in touch, technology is still in an uncertain position, and the first-ranked pure electric tap is still in its direction.
Tesla, as a whole, is far from five million. We expect that big customers will not be entering the electric car market yet.
There is a possibility of entering the area of smart electric vehicles, where setting up a message as a very critical enterprise in the supply chain of large customers, with the ecological and experience of well-developed automobile products, may be the first to benefit.
xr: Since 2019, the next technology-accelerating major market has seen a rapid increase in global vr/ar shipments and a resurgence of xr market heat. According to Wellsennxxr, global vr/ar exports have increased by 46/52% in nearly three years.
The accumulation of technology in the industry over the years is also expected to materialize over the next few years, as markets become more hot and new products are published. In 2021, there were 10,570,000 global vr/ar deliveries, of which vr delivered 10,229 million and the ar delivered 280,000. Wellsenxxr forecasted global vr/ar in 2024.
There will be 50 million/four million shipments each. Figure 38. Global annual shipments (millions) Xr markets distributed by major factories, meta/real gaining their share in vr/ar.
From the vr market, in 2020, Oculus (which was bought by Meta in 2014) released a market quest 2 for a single market price of $299. The share of 2022q1 meta in the vr market was 85%, with other manufacturers including Pico, Sony, and others. From the Ar market,
In the first half of 2022, the city of realal had a high share of 81%. In recent years, it has become clear that the pace of the market’s introduction of new products has shrunk considerably, and the frequency of the market’s introduction of new products has increased, with major plants likely to have heavy weights for almost one to two years.
Launched. New product intensive release is expected to further heat the market, thereby accelerating the pace of the technology cycle.
In the area of patenting, initially by means of a continuous acquisition, the patent is available in a number of areas, such as sensors, imaging technology. The market expects the 2022H2 apples to roll out mr headwear equipment, focusing on games, videos, virtual meetings, etc., and with the accumulation of apple technology over the years.
Technical standards are expected to lead the industry. According to theInformation, apples are transplanting facetime, notebooks, etc., and can also serve as a screen for mac devices that allow for dynamic inter-product linkages, which are currently not available only for single hardware manufacturers.
Chart 42. Apple's deep farming and layout in xr. Figure 43. Applemr's integrated machine supply chain, firmly tied to the big client strategy, starting a new cycle of growth.
Based on the bottom-of-the-line business logic, companies are expected to replicate their success stories on mobile phones, to further bind large clients in the Xr field, where the technology cycle has accelerated, and to open up a new cycle of growth in the future with the volume of Xr devices produced by large clients.
The company currently has a technical layout for xr. Based on the depth on iphone, airpods, the company has mature production lines in connection, optical/acoustic components, charging modules, etc., and has extensive experience in system-level and whole assembly.
Highland Electronics, which has signed the framework of a strategic cooperation agreement with the listed company, the Soviet Union, and formed a joint venture for the development and sale of core optical devices, such as tofdiffuser, doe optical devices, vr, and ar. As a major partner of the Alliance, it is also expected to be deployed in the company's Xr field.
With deep involvement in the existing large customer supply chain and full-scale deep farming from zero components/modules to full-time replacements, we believe that the company is expected to move smoothly into the Xr leading area of the supply chain, and that the company is expected to enjoy the week of large downstream customer production over the next two years.
We expect 25 million shipments of mr/vr equipment to be made in 2025. In conclusion, the company is firmly committed to the strategy of binding the major clients in the industry and to the future development of the international clients in the mr field.
The company is expected to benefit from the outbreak in the field of mr by major international clients. By doing so, the focus is on broader market opportunities.
In terms of customer dimensions, in addition to their high-level customer binding strategies, companies focus more on strengthening their strategic partnerships with Google, Sony, Meta, Microsoft and others in order to take advantage of wider market opportunities in fast-tracking markets.
Google launched the projectiris project, which is now expected to be the fastest in the market for a new arm helmet, code-named "projectiris" in 2024. Google has been in the xr field for about 10 years since the launch of Google in 2012, as a result of the product.
Projectiris marks Google's return to the hardware category, and the progress of new product release and volume production is still to be expected, based on Google's technological depth in the xr field. Based on the experience of mature consumer large e-clients, and from zero components to module to system level.
The company is expected to build a full range of matching capabilities from point to face, to grow up to large clients, and to move them to a larger number of high-quality clients.
From the financial analysis, we have seen several clear reversal signals. First, the Topmodule operation of its holding subsidiary (52% of the company’s shareholding) is expected to increase significantly in revenue/net profit of $9.8 billion/287 million, although net profits have increased by a large percentage.
But we still see that the real q2 quarter net profit is very low. This is related to the logistical impact of the second quarter of Shanghai and Jiangsu, when the epidemic intensified. The cost of raw materials and transport logistics and the human costs associated with the epidemic have made it unprofitable to increase in the second quarter.
Quarterly stand-up operations are going to be normal, and large clients are going to be in the new product-publishing season, and we're going to see a significant increase in profit levels in three quarters and one quarter over a year or two.
The business lost about 280 million. But according to this year's estimates, 2022h1 achieved a total net profit of 428 million on the assembly of the machine, which also reflects the fact that the company has outperformed the market's expectations in terms of better cellular assembly.
Over $800 million, mobile phone assembly is going up the profit cycle. Third, communications plates are growing at a high rate, from the growth of high-speed and radio frequency connectors/beams on the one hand, and from the convergence and glutting on the other.
Business expansion in such areas as thermal modules has created new business growth space. Roe has not yet developed a upward trend in the quarter, but has been affected mainly by the epidemic, particularly by the profits of the larger Topmodule business. We have judged q3, corporate roe and hair.
Interest rates are expected to go up, and the company is going out of the bottom. 5. Valuations and profit projections.
A new step will be taken. From the income structure, a higher share of the module (module) and system assembly (system-level assembly) operations will also form the basis for the company’s continued growth. At the same time, the company’s current layout in the mr and automobile areas is moving towards completion, which will gradually give the company a future.
Ten years, and even longer, have given rise to a rich return of returns. Months, because of the stress of the epidemic, good production rates, raw material costs, and human capacity, are being phased out, and corporate performance is becoming more resilient.
The risk of volatility in the sales of large clients: the company ' s downstream customers are relatively concentrated, and if the closely tied customers ' end-of-equipment sales or roll-out of new items are not as fast as expected, the company ' s output will be directly affected and, in turn, will cause some volatility at the company ' s receiving end.
Economic and political risks: The global economy is depressed and the future situation is uncertain, and the downstream terminal demand table may be poor, affecting the demand for company products and corporate performance. Meanwhile, corporate clients are concentrated abroad and have many own companies in Taiwan, Hong Kong, the United States, Viet Nam, etc.
The risk of internal management as a result of business expansion is that companies are operating rapidly in the consumer electronics sector, but at the same time they are well-connected in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc., and are relatively fragmented.
Internal regulation, market expansion, production management, etc., can influence the pace of corporate expansion in the expansion of the map.