El ophthalmology (300015) National hospital layout is perfect, and sub-hospitals are the driving force for sustained high growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Annual report of the company for 2016, 4 billion yuan (+26.4 per cent) in operating income, and high growth in the core business of motherhood, with new and expanded hospitals affecting short-term profitability. 1) High growth in core operations: excellent performance in tangential surgery and visual services, with 1.14 billion yuan (+36 per cent),
870 million yuan (+36.7 per cent), affected by the Weissi incident, reduced levels of off-line screening, 980 million yuan (+22.4 per cent) in cataract surgery, and the growth of cataracts in business remains strong in the future as screening intensified and grass-roots markets; 2) sub-regionally, China grew by 25.9 per cent over the same period last year.
The North has grown by 30.4% over the same period last year, with a new Asian Health Group in Hong Kong and a steady growth in South-West and East China. China and North-East have been the dominant regions of the company, with new hospitals operating faster; 3) in terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori ratio (44.1%) has remained stable, but has been added to hospitals such as those in Chengzhou and Chengdu East.
From the hospital development cycle, there is still much room for in-house growth. From the income distribution of the top 10 hospitals, which are now more mature, the income in 2016 was over $300 million.
With 200-300 million Shenyang Yill and Chang Shaa Yill, the first three hospitals are second-line urban hospitals, which have been growing at a rate of 10-20 per cent in recent years as a result of cost escalation. The growth trend remains positive. In addition, some of the company's local and municipal hospitals, such as Hsing Yang Yiel, are already earning more than 100 million, as can be seen from the growth of the company's top 10 new hospitals.
There are more than 160 shops operating under the umbrella of listed companies and M & A funds, of which the provincial councils are now fully deployed, planning to launch 200 local hospitals by the end of 2017, and we believe that with the maturity cycle of the new public sub-hospitals, the potential for growth in the company remains vast.
Multi-angled eye health management, new business developments and new growth points. 1) Companies are actively involved in Internet medicine, joint payment treasures, and other partners are actively promoting strategic planning in mobile medicine, such as “Future Hospitals”, Arri Health, etc., to create a new service model for the Internet in the field of ophthalmology.
2) The company is currently working on community, village eye health e stations, eye-vision clinics, large data and cloud services, and is actively developing ophthalmological equipment, and is looking forward to the follow-up layout in the health management domain.
The film management system, the development of the Elar Glass Testing System, the investment in China's Spring Rain Technology Corporation, the launch of the Spring Wind-El Mobile Medical Fund, Elephthalm (300015): the acquisition of excellent American ophthalmology.
2. El ophthalmology (300015): injection of nine M & A hospitals, and consolidation of the foundations for future development
3. El ophthalmology (300015): two-wheel drive sustained energy, 4. El ophthalmology (300015): multi-angle layout mobile medicine
Treatment, development of an eye health management platform (2016-08-29) El ophthalmology (300015): maintaining high performance growth and further refinement of web site layout (2016-08-21)
Conn’s management layout is not expected (2016-04-21), nor will it receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.