The performance in 2016 continues to grow rapidly.
Rapid growth in corporate performance: companies issue annual reports and an advance announcement for 2017q1. Companies achieve \triangleright 0.56 in 2016, and their performance is in line with expectations.
Sustained rapid growth in the tangential and visual industries: the company ' s continued rapid growth in 2016, mainly as a result of increased corporate brand influence and growing business size, continued faster growth in revenue from services: 1,140 million yuan in income from the tangential surgery, an increase of 35.94 per cent over the same period; and revenue from the visual services.
870 million yuan, an increase of 36.67 per cent, and 980 million yuan, an increase of 22.36 per cent. While the rate of growth of cataracts has slightly declined, we believe that, with the dilution of the impact of the Weissi incident, the company's screening was fully operational in 2017.
The company ' s Māori ratio has fallen by 0.5 percentage points to 46.1 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the increased labour costs of the draught business and the higher rates of high-end technical materials.
The company ' s construction in 2016 of Chengzhou and Xu Chan Yill and the expansion of Yang Yill, among others, led to an increase of 1.2 percentage points to 28.6 per cent in the short term over the same period.
Business models with hierarchies. The most clinical and scientificly competent Shanghai headquarters is located in the company's technology. Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation of shares.
Linked hospitals in the capital city of Modified and more clinically competent provinces are located as level II hospitals, with emphasis on full eye services, provincial-level crisis centres and technical support for level III hospitals; hospitals established at the local and municipal levels as level III hospitals, with a focus on eye vision and common ophthalmology
In addition to self-building and direct acquisition, the company has set up several M & As funds, which have accelerated the pace of the expansion of the company by developing mature in vitro culture. In December 2016, nine hospitals trained in vitro were integrated.
Nine hospitals have almost reached a profit point and will enter a period of rapid growth in the future, which will boost the growth of corporate performance. The harvest is now under way, and it is expected that M&A funds will continue to nurture mature health institutions in the future.
The market for ophthalmology services as a whole will continue to grow faster as a result of increased awareness of ophthalmological problems and the increased perceptivity of young children. The company, as a chain of ophthalmology, is well-placed, but there is still much room for vertical deep-deeping, and we believe that the company encourages society in the country.
Medical care, with the policy dividend of emergency medical treatment, is expected to grow faster than industry. We look forward to the company’s long-term development, which is now well valued, and to maintaining the “buy-in” investment proposal.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed for any purpose in whole or part of the report issued or printed.