El ophthalmology (300015): Acquisition of a famous American ophthalmology centre, building of a high-end medical care system.
Wisdom for the world's vast sky, El ophthalmology, El ophthalmology.
Jianyang El ophthalmology issued an announcement to hold clínicabaviera through El ophthalmology International (Europe) Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of El ophthalmology International (Hong Kong) Limited.
S.a. Shareholders initiated a voluntary purchase offer for the acquisition of Europe's largest chain of eye institutions, i.e. 90% equity, and the international branding of clínicabaviera, s.a. is the largest chain of eye institutions in Europe, in West Bank.
There are 76 ophthalmological centres operating in countries such as Tooth, Germany, Italy, Austria, with a 25-year history of operation, wide-ranging influence in Europe and a significant leading position in the southern European region, with kurning surgery in Spain and the German market.
The group now has 174 ophthalmologists and 110 sighted doctors with a strong reputation in Europe, including the founder, Dr. Juliobaviera. We believe that this acquisition will benefit listed companies in four ways: one increase.
Good performance, increased profitability of listed companies; access to global leading medical technology and clothing concepts, and the creation of high-end medical care in the country; strong corporate talent teams, through technology and model exchange and exploration, to upgrade service levels; and internationalized brand image, talent drain.
2. A stable and steady growth of the acquisition target talent team. According to the agreement, clínicabaviera, s.a.3 founders and core executives held 1, " El ophthalmology (300015) annual report: performance is consistent.
With the remaining 10% of equity committed not to accept the offer, the original talent of the group remained stable, and expected good performance of the target is guaranteed by 2017-04-06 points for the continued development of the eye white horse.
The agreed conditions are transferred to Europe, El. The company has also made adequate plans for follow-up ceo and for training nine hospitals for corporate talent, and for expanding the internal promotion drive.
In 2016, the target realized operating income of Euro91.572 million and a net profit of Euro79.54 million.3 The three-quarter review of El ophthalmology (3,00015): performance growth, which we extrapolated from past growth, was in the range of Euro100 million in 2017.
The combination of technology, business models, etc., can raise the level of technology and profit in the hospitals of listed companies.
3. Three steps towards global upgrading, shared wisdom and development of Chinese ophthalmology, are now three steps in the direction of internationalization: the first stop in Hong Kong: at the end of 2015, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong El and acquired 100% of the shares of the Asian Medical Group, the leading agency in the ophthalmology industry in Hong Kong.
In the field of treatment for the cataracts and ophthalmology, there are two ophthalmology clinics in Hong Kong; under the umbrella of the Group, there are five ophthalmology and medical mirroring centres in Hong Kong. After a year of combing, Al is functioning well in Hong Kong. Second, in the United States: at the end of 2016, the company acquired the ophthalmology centre in Tennessee, United States, which was closed on 31 March.
Dr. Mingwang, a specialist in the treatment of diseases, was created in April 2002 and has a business income of $7,943.80 in 2015, with a projected operating income of $9,632 in 2016 and a profit of $4,187 before the tax amortization. Dr. Mingwang is the main business, accounting for 35% and 50% of total income, respectively.
Over-depth “shared global ophthalmological wisdom” to improve the quality of medical care and services more quickly to meet the growing demand for high-end medical services in China. 42x, 32x, 25x. The company is the largest ophthalmologist in the country and the leading white horse in the health-care industry.
A strong “research-production-learning” platform and a talent-incentive policy drive growth in the public domain. We look forward to long-term corporate development and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Elephthalm (300015): Acquisition of a famous American ophthalmology centre, development of a high-end medical care system, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Zhang Jinyang, the seventh largest member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Kings Business School, three years old.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.