The ophthalmology chain, sharing global ophthalmology, building a new world-class ophthalmology platform.
The six shareholders of the company holding the bid, 69.353 per cent of their shareholdings, who initiated a voluntary offer to the shareholders holding 100 per cent of the clínicabaviera, s.a., transferred irrevocably to Europe Al. Basic data: 31 December 2016
The purchase is for the largest European chain of eye institutions. Clínicabaviera, s.a. is Europe’s largest chain of eye medical listings, with 25 years of development, extensive market influence in Europe, currently in Spain, Germany, Italy, etc.
He runs 76 ophthalmological institutions, which have the highest capacity in Spain and Germany. The target company is highly talented, with 174 ophthalmologists and 110 opticians, and has a high level of access in Europe, including its founder, Dr. Juliobaviera.
Increasing the performance of listed companies and maximizing the level of medical services. The impact of this transaction on companies: on the one hand, the target companies have maintained a steady growth in their performance in recent years, with Euro91.57 million in 2016 and a net profit of Euro7.95 million, which will increase significantly when the acquisition succeeds.
The performance of listed companies; on the other hand, through this acquisition, the most advanced technologies and services in Europe will be introduced, which will facilitate rapid upgrading of health care and quality of services, while companies will share the successful experience of El ophthalmology with the M&As, leading to two-way communication and networking.
For example, with our ageing, the domestic market space is huge, and Europe has matured from its early ageing market, where El ophthalmology can introduce Europe's most advanced cutting-edge technology.
Share global ophthalmological wisdom and set up a new world-class ophthalmological platform. This acquisition is another major advance in the globalization strategy following the successful merger of El ophthalmology with Hong Kong and America’s first-class ophthalmology centre.
The big initiative, and the unprecedented volume and layout of this deal in the international ophthalmology world, is an important milestone in El’s development. It is a major step in his vision of “sharing global ophthalmological wisdom” that will build a new platform for a healthy ophthalmology of the eye.
For almost five years, the modest goal is to concentrate resources on developing the domestic market, and then gradually expand globally. Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. is not considering the impact of this acquisition, and it is expected that the company will be able to do the same in 2017-2019.
El ophthalmology, as the leading white horse in the field of medical services, looks forward to maintaining its "buy-in" rating through the fast-expanding chain operating model of the Fund.