High performance growth meets expectations, Prince Charming, steady happiness -- El ophthalmology, 2017.
El ophthalmology published its first quarterly report in 2017, and the company achieved operating income of $1,197 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 30.86 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to listed company shareholders was $156 million, an increase of 31.17 per cent in the same year. The net profit attributable to listed company shareholders was $151 million, an increase of 25.28 per cent in the same year.
1. Performance meets expectations, and the cataract is re-emerged rapidly, with the company earning 1,197 million yuan a quarter, an increase of 30.86 per cent, the mother ' s net profit of $156 million, an increase of 31.17 per cent, the net profit of $151 million, an increase of 25.28 per cent. The difference between the net profit after deduction and the net profit after deduction is partly due to investment returns.
In terms of operations, the company earned $327 million, an increase of 36.03 per cent, and the cataract, an increase of 28.3 million, an increase of 26.15 per cent; in view of the $279 million, an increase of 31.73 per cent, from the previous year, the two operations continued to grow rapidly, with the number and share of high-end surgery and services rising. The previously feared cataract operations in the market continued to grow on the basis of 29.91 per cent in the first quarter of 2015.
As of 24 April, 167 companies were operating under the company’s flag, of which some 70 and more than 80 were listed in the M & A fund, respectively.
About 120 are in the local city. By the end of 2017, the company ' s goal was to reach 200 local hospitals, while by 2020 it covered 1,000 Hong Kong-based Asian medical groups operating well under its current corporate umbrella, and the acquisition of the U.S. Eye Center was completed. During the reporting period, the company announced an offer to acquire Clinicabaviera (47 Spanish ophthalmology clinics, 14 American clinics, Germany, the Netherlands, Italy, Australia).
With annual revenues of around Euro100 million, net profits of around Euro10 million, a steady growth of about 10% can be sustained in the future, while the technological and profit levels of the company’s own hospitals can be raised through complementarities in terms of technology, business models, etc.
The company is the largest ophthalmology chain in the country and the leading white horse in the health-care industry. The moat is the earliest strategic and wide-ranging shop layout, with a fast-breeding shop using the company-cum-purchase fund model, which takes over the central city and provincial capital city heights, and begins to be deep-deep, while remaining at the forefront of the industry in terms of inter-nationalization and industrial innovation. The powerful “research-producer-learning” platform and talent-incentive policies drive growth within the company.
Good companies develop over the long term, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Outreach falls short of expectations, country and government sector approval risks, exchange rate changes risks.
Three years of experience in the securities industry, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
Heart, third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics at Beijing University, and Master of Economics at Kings Business School.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.