Steady growth continues, network layouts accelerate, El ophthalmology (300015.sz) El ophthalmology (300015) annual review.
Lee Ping-hoon increased by 26.38% in the same year. Realising net profit on parent companies is $558 million, which is 30.3% higher in the same year, and net profit on deductions is $547 million (non-recurring gains and losses for the current period).
Dollars (including taxes), 5 shares (including taxes) in red shares, of which 918 million yuan in operating income was realized in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of 26.79 per cent in the same year. 89 million yuan in net profit from belonging, representing an increase of 27.82 per cent in the same year.
In addition, the company simultaneously issued a 17-year, first-quarter performance forecast, with a net profit of $154 million - $160 million, an increase of 30-35 per cent over the same period, reflecting a slow growth trend in the main operations and a four-per-cent growth in the cataract operations.
During the reporting period, as demand for ophthalmological markets continued to grow, the size and branding of the company grew in size, the advantages of scale were shown, and the overall operating income and net profits of the company were relatively deep at 300 per cent.
The main sub-specialized operations were: 1. X-ray operations: operating income of $1,141 million over 16 years, a year-on-year increase.
The rise is due mainly to the fact that the average unit price of a company's surgery has risen as the number of patients choosing high-end techniques has risen. The ratio of full-fly and icl to high-end technology is now over 40%, reflecting a clear upward trend in consumption.
The cost of light materials is higher, but the amount of Māori is still on the rise, reflecting a positive development.
El ophthalmology (300015) rating: first in vitro hospital injection, 35.94 per cent, Māori rate, 37.28 per cent (+1.31 pp); of this, operating income for the fourth quarter was the impact of the Weissi incident on the operation of the internal impairment, which resulted in the suspension of community screening and the cataract industry
However, due to the rigid nature of cataract surgery, the pace of access to health care under the company’s umbrella and the proliferation of good corporate reputations, the rate of growth in cataract operations in the fourth quarter has risen to over 30%, and the income level has risen to a new high in the last quarter of recent years.
The acceleration of the ageing process, the increase in health coverage and the importance attached to State policy are expected to return to high-growth growth in 17 years. The rate of csr surgery for the cataract of one million of our population in 15 years is only about 1,500, while the 13th Plan calls for over 2000 by 2020, with a huge market space for cataracts based on China ' s large population.
3. Visual services operations: operating revenue of $872 million a year, an increase of 36.67 per cent over the same year; the Māori rate of the business is 52.27 per cent.
Young people are more sticky. During the reporting period, the company deployed several community-friendly e-stations in Changsha, Tianjin, Chengdu, etc., to assist in the long-term development of light services through a coordinated community-based eye-based health service model that combines online and offline eye-to-eyes.
The newer hospitals have focused their efforts on building three major sub-specialties, resulting in less business and transformation rates for other projects. Without the gradual maturity of the new sub-hospitals and the synergy of the major sub-specialties, it is expected that there will be an increase in the immediate and back-of-the-spot operations in harmony with the overall growth rate.
In contrast, it is natural and inclusive for the general public to achieve a steady increase in the Māori rate by reaching out to the public and increasing its scale, laying a solid foundation for long-term profitability. The 16-year rates for corporate sales, administrative and financial costs are 12.80% (compared to +0.01 pp), 15.68% interest on loans and bank charges, respectively.
According to the revenues and profits of some of the hospitals announced by the company, most of the provincial capital hospitals have been growing steadily for 16 years, and income and profits are better matched. With the exception of Shanghai and Chongqing, which were affected by the Weissi events, Guangzhou, where they moved to a new hospital, etc., local hospitals have shown high income growth, and part of the net profits have not been reversed.
New hospitals, local hospitals and local hospitals are gradually maturing, and in the future they will contribute more profit elasticity to the company. (ii) The network of hospitals continues to improve, with the first in vitro hospitals being injected to focus on the development of primary health care, and the network of decentralized hospitals is improving.
In response to the downward trend in medical demand, the network has been expanding, and during the reporting period the company has built local and municipal hospitals (currently county hospitals), bringing quality eye resources to the grass-roots level. The company will transport patients from the bottom up through a hierarchical chain system to higher hospitals, providing technical guidance and branding from the top down to lower hospitals.
Figure 2: Company-level network-building planning, first-class international provincial hospitals: 14
Secondary urban hospitals: higher level District hospitals: light asset model, two-wheel drive in 2020 of the Corporate+Industry Merger Fund to accelerate the vertical layout of the medical network at the subnational and district levels in the provinces.
On the one hand, through its own funds, the company built a new El ophthalmology hospital in Chengzhou, the El ophthalmology hospital in Chenzhou, and the El Xia Xiagang Clinic in Ningsu. On the other hand, the company, through the Industrial M & A Fund, has set up a large reserve of high-quality mergers and acquisitions, which have provided the basis for the company's sustainable and rapid development: during the reporting period, the company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries were involved in the establishment of the base for investment in the ophthalmology industry in Nanjing.
Kim, Ningbo Honghong Equity Investment and Acquisition Fund, Shenzhen City 's Tsing Kwan Equity Investment and Acquisition Fund, Tianjin's New Equity Investment Partnership, Hunan Xin Xin Xin Investment Partnership, and Hua Xinchen Health Investment Partnership. Of these, health sector investment funds such as Nanjing Ai Anxing, Hunan Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xiang Xing, and its related industry projects are focused on M & A and the development of eye hospitals and their related industry projects.
He invests in M & A funds, while keeping in mind the strategic development of companies, to invest in high-quality projects in other related industries, to realize value added gains and to increase the profitability of companies. For the first time, nine M & A hospitals were acquired, increasing their performance while confirming the feasibility of M & As models.
For the first time, the Division launched a non-public release plan, which was considered and approved by the Shareholders Assembly, and the application was accepted by the CSRC in January 17, with $580 million of the funds raised for the purchase of an ophthalmology hospital, which is intended to incorporate most of the shares of the original M&A hospitals in the Fund, including Rim State El ophthalm Hospital Limited.
The purchase of nine hospitals is only a small test for listed companies, and there are currently 162 hospitals under the corporate umbrella, of which more than 60 are in the listed companies, with profits and losses, while the remaining 100 are hatching outside.
In the future, with the company: 1) sub-hospital growth, 2) in-hospital losses are reversed into gains, 3) in-house M & A hospitals are maturing and phased in, and companies are able to grow over the long term. (iii) Mobile health care and internationalization strategies are accelerating, and models are innovative to create future development space
During the reporting period, the company published “Ell Eye Mobile Health Development Plan and Progress in its Implementation” (a), which has invested in many aspects of mobile health care to create a community-based community-based eye-e station that allows patients to screen for basic eye diseases in the community, pair them with mirrors, and stave off the line. The Love-e station in several cities, such as Changsha, Tianjin, Chengdu, is functioning well.
2) Introduction of equipment to wear — cloud clips, monitoring of young people's eye environment throughout the day, 24h monitoring of the eyes of small patients, such as hours of outdoor activity, how light, reading angles, etc., which parents can observe in real time after the adoption of a platform app, and doctors can propose more targeted treatment strategies to understand the daily state of children.
The company has launched the El Global Incubation Fund for Science, Technology and Innovation to harness the cutting edge of the development of ophthalmology, to upgrade the company ' s medical technology and scientific innovation capabilities, and to foster new performance growth points; and direct company service terminals, which are capable of generating new performance growth.
Better understanding of the patient’s real needs and ability to hit the pain point. It is still in the process of being explored, and will be actively advanced in the future. 4) In collaboration with the Dr. Spring Rain, it is proposed to invest 20 million yuan in it. In the future, the company will actively build on its strengths and experience and will cooperate in depth on technology, operations and customer orientation, thereby enabling the company to move forward rapidly in the field of mobile medicine.
5) Project in collaboration with the Defense Science and Technology University to develop the “Elar Glass Test System”, which will lead to innovation in the marketing model of the supply of glasses by making a choice of the online glasses by vr. 6) The company intends to gradually develop strategic equipment and medicines upstream, and is now working with the Taiwan Shin Hiroh, Taiwan.
The transport university entered into a cooperation agreement to invest in the development of eye-to-eye remote diagnostic equipment and the development of an ophthalmological intelligent film management system, which can address the pains of large and uneven viewing by doctors, which are important for expanding eye screening and reducing the time for diagnosis, and to accelerate the implementation of an internationalization strategy to combat the feeding of high-end domestic eyes through the exchange of experience in the learning of advanced international business models and operational management.
During the reporting period, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary in the United States, with $50 million in its own funds, to serve as a global resource integration platform for the company, to share global ophthalmological wisdom, and to promote the global layout of the ophthalmology biosphere. Exchange and cooperation with the International Advanced Institute of Medicine, and the introduction of advanced foreign institutions and resources, will help the company to respond to rising domestic consumption and meet the high end of the spectrum.
The company is a leading provider of health services in the country, with growing scale and brand influence, and a better web layout, 40/30/23. We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating.