Elimination of the impact of cataract operations, internationalization strategy advanced El ophthalmology (300015.sz)-Ell ophthalmology (300015)
Lee Ping-ho, the company published a 17-year quarterly report. Company 17q1 achieved operating income of $1,197 million, an increase of 30.86 per cent over the same period.
31.17 per cent long; $151 million net profit (non-recurring gain/loss for the current period) on the realization of deductions provides information for the preparation of this report.
(i) Elimination of the impact of cataract operations, acquisition of hospitals and lists
Sustained growth and steady growth in the main operations. 1701 The main sub-specialized operations were: $327 million in operating income from kurning operations, 36.03 per cent more than the previous year, consistently higher.
The rate of growth has largely benefited from an increase in the number of surgeries at the same level as the unit price, with surges in the number of surgeries being the main cause, and the average unit price of the company ' s operation rising as the number of patients opting for high-end techniques has risen. The ratio of full flight seconds and icl at the top of the company is now over 40%.
The cataract surgery generated business income of $283 million in one quarter, an increase of 26.15 per cent over the same period, and a relative depth of 300, and the ring ratio was almost the same as that of 16q4. This was the second consecutive quarter since the Weissi incident.
The past two quarters have also exceeded previous single-quarter revenues, thus providing sufficient evidence that the adverse effects of cataract operations have been completely eliminated and that future cataract operations will continue to benefit from China ' s vast market space.
The co-production of the online cloud service platform and the front-line front-line eye-to-eye community-to-eye health service model, which sustains the rapid growth, is likely to happen. The company’s acquisitions in the first quarter of the year will be in the following areas: Ribama, Taian, Xijiang, Dawyang, Dong-yung, Fuoshan,
The combination of nine hospitals in Huzhou, Taiwon Conming and Kiwana has resulted in positive annual El ophthalmological reviews of revenue and net profits: steady growth continues, with a face-to-face impact. Nine hospitals have higher growth rates and higher net profit growth potential.
The three-quarter review of El ophthalmology (300015) reports a steady growth in performance, with the corporate Māori rate of 16q1 being 44.06% for financial indicators, down from the same period the previous year.
El ophthalmology (300015): Injection to the first in vitro hospital, 1.43 percentage points. Sales, management and financial cost rates, respectively (ii) accelerated implementation of the internationalization strategy, which is expected to drive high-end corporate business development
During the reporting period, the internationalization strategy was accelerated through the exchange of experience in international advanced technology, business models, and management of operations The demand for high-end ophthalmology services in the country is being met by a clear upward trend in consumption in all sectors of the country, while exchanges and cooperation with international hospitals and the introduction of advanced foreign institutions and resources will help companies to cope with rising consumption in the country.
High-end consumption demand: With regard to business models, companies can build up high-end vip zones in large, provincial and urban hospitals in the country, at a rate of 1-2 times or three to five times the current level, to meet high-end medical needs, with high profit margins; with regard to the introduction of advanced technology, we can learn from the surgical techniques of old flowers, eye bottoms, corneas, etc. in Europe.
In addition, the accelerated internationalization strategy could benefit foreign institutions buying and buying companies, with important synergies: on the one hand, uniform global purchasing, improved bargaining power and reduced procurement costs could be used for ophthalmology, and, on the other hand, better treatment could be achieved by facilitating the two-way communication of doctors and more practice.
Acquisition of the U.S. Eye Center and entry into the North American market: During the reporting period, the company acquired 75% of the stock held by Dr. Ming Wang at $18 million for the awhealthcare management, and the latter held the ophthalmology centre assets.
The ophthalmology centre is a world-famous eye centre with a global frontline draught surgery technology and a full-scale cornea imaging technology. The ophthalmology centre, for high-end clients in North America and beyond, has served more than the world.
The target size of the fund is set at RMB 180 million, mainly in industrial areas such as ophthalmology, digital health, medical artificial intelligence and other life sciences, and high-tech medicine.
This has helped to speed up the company’s overseas placement, to reserve more high-quality ophthalmological investment projects, to improve the company’s global layout of the ophthalmology-related industrial chain, to build an eye health service eco-circle, and to create and improve the company’s multi-occupational growth. The acquisition of Europe’s largest ophthalmological institution, learning from European experience: the company intends to go to Europe’s largest ophthalmological chain.
Clínicabaviera, s.a. 100% of shareholders in the stock initiated a voluntary offer of 10.35 Euros per share. The Department agreed with six shareholders in the sum of 69.353% of the shares held by the company to transfer irrevocably the 59.353% of the shares held by the latter to Europe-El, which could be transferred to Europe-El under the agreed terms three years after the completion of this secondary contract.
The remaining 10% of the equity held by the founder and the core manager is committed not to accept the offer. The offer is about 90% of the share, growing rapidly as the regional economy warms, and is expected to be lower if based on 17 years of net profit. clínicabaviera’s recent income changes (thousands of euros)
The company is now 25 years old and has a wide influence in Europe, particularly in the southern European region, operating 76 ophthalmological centres, including 52 in Spain, 20 in Germany and Austria, and 4 in Italy. The department specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of eye diseases, including near-sightedness, vision, dispersion, cataracts, glaucoma, glass retinas,
Slashing, in which kryptonite surgery is the first in the Spanish and German markets. The firm’s strong talent has created a well-developed system of medical ladders and training and training, and there are currently 174 ophthalmologists and 110 ophthalmologists, including the founder, Dr. Julio Baviera, who have a high reputation in Europe.
Proponents have sound future profitability and have advanced experience in technology, business systems and business management that can be used by the public: 1. The target companies have no concerns about future profitability, income growth is expected to reach double digits and effective growth in corporate performance: technical skills have great advantages vis-à-vis the domestic economy and can compensate for domestic technological disadvantages: due to the advanced and ageing economies of the eurozone,
The branding company has matured in its old-fashioned surgical techniques, and many of the crystallized clinical trials are carried on by the label company and can be financed; 3. The business model of the “Surgery Center Plus Clinic” allows companies to learn about their hierarchical chaining systems. In short, through this transaction, companies that purchase bids form a leading position in Europe and around the world, substantially raising the international influence of the El brand.
The current global integration of clinical, scientific, and human resources has accelerated the development of an eye-to-eye eco-cooper strategy based on globalization. The company is a leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing size and brand influence, a better web layout and a growing profitability, while the company is actively exploring new business and internationalization paths, with broad prospects.
40/30/23 times. We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating, and that the new hospital is less profitable than expected.