CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BUY (Maintain)
Interim profit surged 59%
Target Price
RMB16.43
(Previous TP
RMB16.43)
Up/downside
+14.3%
SUMMARY. Poly Development announced the preliminary interim results as net profit
Current Price
RMB14.38
soared by 59.1% to RMB10.4bn in 1H19. The strong results were attributable to the
margin improvement and less deduction from minority interests. The reported 1H19 net
China Property Sector
profit accounted for about 41.9% and 44.5% of our and market's full year 2019 forecast.
We maintain our forecast and TP unchanged. Reiterate BUY recommendation.
Samson Man, CFA
Interim results express. Poly Development announced the preliminary interim
results. Revenue and net profit surged by 19.5% to RMB71.16bn and 59.1% to
RMB10.4bn in 1H19, respectively. The strong results were attributable to higher
Chengyu Huang
gross margin and higher attributable ratio that resulted in less deduction from
minority interest. As a result, operating margin and net margin expanded by
3.5ppts YoY to 24.6% and 3.6ppts to 14.5% in 1H19, respectively. The reported
1H19 net profit accounted for about 41.9% of our full year 2019 forecast or 44.5%
of market consensus forecast. There will be chance of earnings revision later.
Contracted sales grew 17.3% in 1H19. Contracted sales amount and area
increased by 17.3% to RMB252.6bn and 12.6% to 16.37mn sq m in 1H19,
respectively. Sales growth slowed down to 5.7% in Jun but the Company climbed
the ranking from fifth position in 2018 to fourth in 1H19. We expect its full year
Shareholding Structure
contracted sales to be RMB480bn in 2019. In other words, hit rate was 52.6% as
China Poly Group
40.7%
Free float
59.3%
at Jun. We believe Poly Development could achieve our sales expectation that
Source: HKEx
translates contracted sales growth to 18.6% in 2019, compared with contracted
sales of RMB404.8bn in 2018.
Share Performance
Prudent in land market. According to CRIC data, Poly Development acquired
7.16mn sq m land bank in considerations of RMB46.6bn in 1H19. Compared with
contracted sales in the same period, the Company is conservative to the land
market because it believed land price was relative high. As at Mar 2019, the
Source: Bloomberg
Company owned land bank of 230mn sq m that is sufficient to its long-term
development since it plans to have 27.5mn sq m of properties completion in 2019.
12-mth Price Performance
24% higher than 2018 actual completion of 22.17mn sq m.
Maintain target price of RMB16.43. We maintain our earnings forecast
unchanged as RMB24.7bn in 2019 and RMB30.9bn in 2020. However, we
believe the market will revise upwards forecast following to the interim results
announcement. We maintain our target price of RMB16.43, representing 7.9x
2019E P/E. Reiterate BUY recommendation.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: BDO
Related Reports
"China Property Sector - Market is
"Poly Development (600048 CH) -
Please cast your valuable vote
for CMBI research team in the
2019 Asiamoney Brokers Poll:
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Bloomberg
Source: Bloomberg
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives.
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.