A steady increase in profitability, with a slight recovery in the single-quarter net interest spread ring ratio 31 October 2018: a three-quarter performance report issued by the Merchant Bank, yielding operating income of $18.82 billion, compared with the corresponding increase
13.21 per cent longer, net profit on maternity is 67.4 billion, an increase of 14.58 per cent. At the end of September, the negative rate was 1.42 per cent, and the research assistant, Jiang Jiang Song-hyeong, was able to grow profitably with a slight increase in interest differentials.
End: Single-quarter interest net revenue increases and fees and commissions net revenue decreases. 1-September operating income increased by 13.21 per cent over the same period and by 1.5 pc over the first half of the year. Of these, the q3-quarters increased by more than 16 per cent over the same period. Specifically: a. Single-quarter net interest income increased by 16 per cent over the same period.
For other non-interest-related activities, the return on investment in the q3 quarter was $3.2 billion, an increase of $2.2 billion over the previous quarter. The net difference increased slightly: 2.54 per cent of net interest in the previous three quarters, at the end of the debt, current deposits were ahead of the industry, low-cost liabilities had a significant advantage, and net interest differentials were supported.
By the end of June, it was almost even, with loans increasing by 182% from the end of June. According to the Bank, over 66 billion new loans were disbursed in the last three quarters, of which $71.6 billion were invested in individual loans, while the net decline in the size of corporate loans was $28 billion less, and credit in favour of retailing. 2) Over 90 billion, or more, in the third quarter.
At the end of June, the balance of deposits increased by 1 to 4.3 trillion, compared to the end of June, when the proportion of current deposits was high, and the peer debt continued to fall by 1. In terms of current calibre, the size of three-quarter deposits increased by billions, a net decrease of 12.7 billion compared to the end of June.
1 Bank of Merchants (600036): Strengths — asset quality: the negative rate has steadily declined and the provision coverage has continued to rise. The negative rate has steadily decreased: 1.42% at the end of September, a further decrease of 1 bp from the end of June. The negative balance is lower than at the end of June.
q2 billion less, but 2.5 billion more than in the same year. Provision coverage continued to rise from the end of June.
Quarterly: higher interest differentials than expected, assets, financial sales for years, high current deposit ratios, significant end-of-debt cost advantages, improved quality and continued “natural” release benefits
There is still some support for the net difference; the quality of assets continues to improve, sufficient provision is made, and financial advantages are available
Figure 1: Rate of increase in income and profits of a merchant bank (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Share of interest and interest income of a merchant bank
Figure 5: Merchant bank lending structure (business calibre) Figure 6: Merchant bank deposit structure (business calibre) Figure 9: Merchant bank capital adequacy
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board