Ningjian High Highway (600377.sh): Good performance, high score, steady progress in capital investment
The company's main investment, construction, operation and management of fees in the Jiangsu sector of the highway and other Jiangsu provinces were reduced mainly by the reduction in the carrying-over of the subsidiary property projects and the corresponding reduction in income during the construction period, with net repatriation
Roadbridges and the development of passenger and other auxiliary clothing along the highways $1.25 billion, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period, and industry, the largest asset in the country's road industry.
One of the city companies. In addition to the Toll Bridge business, the company has a low base for 22 years, with a generally high increase in revenue from road production for 23 years: the company has achieved $9.51 billion in toll revenue over 23 years.
RMB, which increased by about 29.9 per cent over the same period, generated $5.25 billion in high-speed toll revenue from the same period, an important component of the main business. 22.66 per cent. Corporate road revenue generally grew at a higher rate in 23 years, mainly due to the effects of the epidemic during the same period of 22 years.
And the 10 per cent discount on the toll of the 22q4 van led to a low income burden. In 23 years, average daily income at Mount Five increased by 146 per cent over the year, reaching $965 million for the year, and the Māori rate rose by 15.3 pct to 63.4 per cent, leading to a reversal of the profits of Mount Five, which resulted in a gain of $310 million for the year (22 years).
The company ' s operating costs grew by 28.3 per cent in 23 years, mainly under the car flow depreciation method, and the company ' s total equity and traffic/flowa share (million shares) in other controlled road products, except for the town ' s high-speed and low-speed long-term high-speed growth rate.
A number of road investment projects have progressed steadily: the company is continuously integrating high-quality road projects in the province, and is currently working on two projects: 1. The Long Kong Yangtze Bridge and the North Bridge project, which are expected to be fully operational by the end of 2025. 2. The Siyi High Highway South extension project, which is expected to open in June 26, will significantly increase the high-speed traffic capability of Siyi.
2 priority projects under preparation: 1. Xinning high-speed expansion project, which is currently preparing a planning programme; 2. Xintai high-speed project, one of the nine cross-lines in the road planning of Jiangsu province, with a total investment of approximately $24.2 billion, in addition to which the company intends to acquire 65 per cent of the share held by Jiangsu control of Susi Chang high-speed company, to complete further
As the only listed road bridge company in Jiangsu province, the company has continued to have access to high-quality road construction projects that help it improve its sustainability, which is one of the main reasons why we value the company.
Maintaining a robust red-dimension strategy, with a slight increase in red-dimensions: the company receives 0.47 dollars per share for 23 years, compared with the previous year. It is expected that, as the company’s performance increases, the red-dimensions will continue to be strong, maintaining the company’s “recommended” rating.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the high speed of Ningjian (600377.sh): a steady increase in performance, a steady increase in investment in the main sector, a steady increase in financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Ning Dynasty high (600377.sh): good performance, good performance and steady progress in capital investment.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Gangan, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Ningjian High Highway (600377.sh): Performance is strong, investment in the main sector is steady, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.