q1 net profit on return is only a small drop, bottom buyback is a sign of confidence in development, q1 net profit on return q1 is a small drop, bottom buyback is a sign of confidence in development, and the "buy-in" rating is maintained.
In 2025, q1 achieved revenue of $7,772 million, i.e., 2.59%; a net return of $707 million to the mother, with the same net profit ring falling by just $147 million, and the firm’s strong record of resilience. At a lower market value, the company issued a buyback announcement, further highlighting its confidence in its future development, and we maintained it.
With increased competition in international trade, domestic policies are expected to fuel domestic demand recovery, while the price of coal continues to fall, as the firm's performance continues to recover, maintaining its “buy-in” rating. This compares with a 19.39% decline. On the product side, the main product is urea, acetic acid, adipic acid, herbic acid, dmc, etc.
The price differentials for most of the company’s main varieties, i.e., melamine and melamine, are below 15% of the historical score, while the net repercussion of the company q1 to the mother is only 147 million yuan, which is enough to show the company’s cost advantages and performance resilience.
For the Texas base, based on the chronology, the company's gas-cylinder synthesynthesizing capacity generally stands at 5-7 million, exceeding expectations of a company's information update report.
m3/h, while the total synthetic gas output of the three gas furnaces at the Jingzhou base is 538,000 m3/h, the Texas base still has optimal landing space for the company’s bottom performance. At the same time, at the market value, performance, q3 performance is affected by the plan’s overhaul, without changing the company’s performance.
Long-term investment value - company update report Billion (including) equity buy-backs to write off and reduce company registration capital, further highlighting corporate development confidence.
Value of long-term investments - corporate update report