Wallu Henl reported in 2024 that the two-base performance had improved and that the firm's resilience had highlighted the fact that it had achieved $9,046 million in revenue, an increase of 14.31 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of $854 million to the mother.
Growth in income. Of this amount, 471.115 million tons of fertilizer were sold, representing an increase of 44.54 per cent in the same year, yielding income of $729.7 million, or 28.56 per cent in the same year; 1.550 million tons of acetic acid and derivatives, or 1.50 million in the same year; the expansion of high-end products, such as nylon 6 membrane slices, in the packaging market; and the proliferation of new energy materials.
With current revenues of 16,433 million yuan, an increase of 6.18 per cent, or 48.02 per cent, of the company’s total revenue, it has become a two-base operation that supports the company’s continued growth.
The second phase of the bdo/nmp integration project is progressing by 39.8%, with an expected additional three billion yuan in income in the postnatal period, raising the profitability of the new energy material plate.
< < < < upswing in performance during the quarter, < 10% reduction in public energy consumption and 20% lower gas costs than industry poles. < < high-end material breakthroughs are imminent. < > > > > > .
< <The first project at the county base was successfully launched, the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project was expected to go into production in 2025, accompanied by the pbat biodegradation contest > - 2023-11-29
The development of products such as ultra-purity ammonia and electronic-grade sulphate continues.
Hualu Heungl is the leader of the domestic coal industry, relying on a multi-lined, flexible platform to achieve high performance innovation and maintain “buy-in” - 2021-04 - price volatility of raw materials, less than expected market demand and less commercialized new products.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.