Wallau Heung Litt (600426.sh): A quarter of the industry, April 29, 2025.
Warlu Hisung-jung-jung-chung-chung-chung-chung-chung-chung-chung-hung-chung-chung-hung-chung-hung-chung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-h-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-hung-h-hung-hung-hung-hung-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
Youy-259% net return to the mother, 707 million yuan, or 33.65%. Prices of products have fallen, delaying the growth of corporate income as a whole. In the first quarter of 2025, the company’s main products were urea, urea, adipic acid, and intermediates. The company built clean coal.
There are several industrial and technological platforms, such as heknool, nylon6, adipic acid, endymamine, acetic acid, carbonate, etc.
The company’s sales of new energy-related products increased by 23 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a decline of 1 per cent in revenue; the chemicalization and optimization of the industrial layout, which promoted the upgrading of traditional production capacity, increased by 37 per cent on a year-on-year basis and by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the sale of organamine series products, which decreased by 1 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
There has been a positive development of downstream processing projects for synthetic gas, with a decline of 9 per cent in the same rate as for petrochemicals; sales of acetic acids and derivatives have declined by 8 per cent and receipts by 16 per cent. Integration from industrial downstream chains has led to the creation of high-end new material plates.
At the profit end, as a result of the fall in product prices, the company’s combined Māori rate fell by the same time in the first quarter of the year, moving forward with new projects to provide new dynamic energy for company follow-on development. The company’s combined stock optimization and incremental upgrading actively promoted project construction.
At present, the company upgrade project, the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project, bdo and the total equity/currenta share (millions) are in place.
Nmp integration and other technological transformation projects are on track to provide new dynamic energy for the company's subsequent development.
Accomplishment, increasing the efficiency of mitigation and increasing the profitability of companies through successive new products. The p/e values are 11, 9 and 8 times, respectively. A “strongly recommended” rating is maintained.
WalluHingl (600426.sh): Quarterly performance pressure, ongoing project construction schedule: corporate profit forecast table Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
Liu Woo-chul has his own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the construction of the project continues to progress as a result of a quarter of performance pressure.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.