Wallau Hen-Il (600426.sh): Steady harvest, growth, project construction, provision of development, Wallau Hein-Il.
The year 2024 was published by Warluheungl: the company achieved a business income of $34.226 billion a year, and Warluheungl is a modern, multi-skilled, multi-skilled industrial enterprise.
Youy+25.55% net return to the mother, $3.903 billion, yoy+9.14%. Growth in sales of core products has led to robust growth in revenue, but prices for some products have contributed to higher performance, self-dipic acids, intermediates, etc.
Quick. In 2024, a number of industrial and technological platforms, such as the chemical industry, gasification, synthesizing, and "one-line" soft multi-products, were affected by excess capacity, weak demand, and increased homogeneity.
Low weather, continued downswing of most products, low-level shocks, and high pressure on business operations. Refining and optimizing industrial layout, promoting upgrading of traditional production capacity, 1 new energy-related product block: volume of products increased by 17.12% over the same period, and revenue grew over the same period.
Actively developing projects for downstream deep processing of synthetic gas, integrated with the petrochemical industrial downstream industrial chain, to build up high-end new material plates. Blocks: product sales increased by 12.62 per cent over the same year, revenue by the same year - 6.12 per cent to 2.511 billion yuan, Māori
Continue to build new projects to provide new dynamic energy for company follow-up. The company ' s integrated stock optimization and incremental upgrades actively promote project construction. In 2024, the company ' s meth resin monolithic materials and product optimization project, and the nylon 66 high-end new material project ' s codiacid devices were put into production to expand the company ' s product.
At present, the company ' s projects for the optimization of materials for ammonium, 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid projects, bdo and nmp integration projects and other technologies are on track to provide new dynamic energy for the company ' s subsequent development.
Accomplishments, increasing the efficiency of mitigation and increasing the profitability of companies through the successive future of new products.
Wallu Hisung-chung (600426.sh): Strong growth in the harvest, sustained progress in the construction of the project, providing new energy for development, a source of financial growth in the East, a source of financial growth in the East, and a source of financial growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that WalluHingl (600426.sh): Growth is steady, project construction is continuing, and new energy for development is being provided.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.