Base Chemical Group, steady production for the first quarter, focused on urea export policy, a quarterly report released by the company on April 26, 2025, and corporate revenue for the first quarter of 2025.
One quarter of production is stable, and the price of the product is adjusted downwards. One quarter of companies continue to operate at a steady high load, one quarter of fertilizer, one of organamine, and one of the new material series.
2. The production of acetic acid is generally stable, with little change in the ring ratio, and the production of acetic acid is slightly modified in the industry.
The stock ring ratio rose slightly, some of the products were still on the way, with a small impact. Subject to overall supply pressures in the industry, the prices of the company ' s products were kept under pressure during the quarter.
The price of some of the products has improved, but the average price of coal has fallen in one quarter, and pressure on the cost of the coal industry has increased. The average price of urea has recovered in one quarter.
The price of 5,500 kcal power coal fell by 17 per cent and 11 per cent, and the company’s main raw material cost showed a more pronounced downward trend, partially easing the company’s cost pressure, with the company’s Māori rate rising to 16.35 per cent per quarter, with the ring rising by more than one point.
The main urea species of the Division experienced a fall in prices or gradual warming in the quarter, but the overall average price was still lower than in the quarter; the pressure from the new material series was relatively high and the product price was higher. But the product from the Qingzhou base of the company was urea, acetic acid, acetic acid, a quarter.
The relative improvement in the price differential for organamine has led to an improvement in the profitability of the county base, but due to a slightly higher tax rate at the county base and a higher increase in corporate income tax costs in the first quarter of the year, there has been a certain decrease in the net profit ring of the company.
The state base is still in the process of gradually improving the industrial chain, and it is expected that the technological changes at the state base will optimize the cost. The corporate liability level is relatively low, with modest phased investments, but subsequent plans for new products in the state and upgrading of the state’s technology.
The state ' s current product system for gasification platforms has not yet been fully deployed. Both the extension of the product chain and the amortization of public works are being improved.
At the bottom, the company’s layout is progressively complete, and profits will be further improved; the risk of large price fluctuations in raw materials and products; the competitive risks associated with the release of new production capacity; and the risk of gaining access to more services.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market