New projects are on the rise, with steady growth in performance, and the company incident assessment report (600426.sh) was issued.
In 2024, the production and sale of the company ' s products increased by the same year.
The financial cost rate has increased slightly over the same period, mainly due to the company ' s 2024 sales/management/financial/research and development fee split for the period of borrowing interest expenditure, due to higher salary and storage costs and higher financial costs.
Increased interest expenditure on corporate borrowings. 1, Wallu Hisung Litt (600426): installation inspection, consolidation of product spreads, company q3 performance
▪ The company ' s priority projects have been put into production, with an annual increase of 520,000 tons in urea, an annual increase of 200,000 tons in adipic acid, 2 " Warluheungl (600426): productive capacity.
In 2024, the company ' s integrated stock optimization and incremental upgrading actively promoted the construction of the project.
“Walu Hisung Litt (600426): new projects are in production and company competitiveness continues to increase” 2023 - “The high-end new material project adipic acid devices are in production successively to achieve the company's adipic product”
The annual production of 200,000 tonnes was increased; in addition, the Optimization and Upgrading of Aridium Feeding Project, the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project, the bdo and nmp integration project and other technological adaptation projects were on track to provide new dynamic energy for the company ' s subsequent development.
Prices of major products have fallen, and we have revised our profit projections downwards, taking into account the risk of downstream demand fluctuations in the company's new production; the risk of falling product prices; the risk of rising prices for raw materials; and the risk of new projects falling short of expectations.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.