The first month of the first month of the first month of the Sina Sina Sina Sina Seng (600104.sh) imax was bright, and the Mitsubishi macroshine Miniev was in the top position.
On December 8, 2020, monthly sales increased by the same ring, and the cumulative sales decreased by the same margin. In November 2020, the ratio of public car sales was 0.98 times (up from 0.99 times the previous value) and the monthly vehicle sales were 659.6 million, respectively.
Vehicles and 64.39 million vehicles, which grew by 8.32 per cent and 10.65 per cent, respectively, each at a positive increase from the previous month to a positive increase in the current month and an increase in the current month to a higher increase in the same month. In January-November 2020, the company sold 1.01 times (up to 1.02 times the previous value) of its accumulated automobile sales in the current year.
In the year, the highest/lowest volume (in dollar terms): Divisional: annual increases in the monthly sales of the upper gas were sustained by 19.46 per month in November.
Ten thousand vehicles, an increase of 21.68 per cent over the previous month, 2.35 pct over the previous month. As of November 2020, the monthly sales of Mitsubishi were more than 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The monthly sales were close to 5,000, the mpv sales champions, the Mitsubishi macrominiev sales of 33,000, the new energy vehicles sales grew by 224.6 per cent and the monthly sales of the general gas and the upper gas cars continued to grow by the same amount and the same amount of sales increased by the same amount as the same amount per month.
Basic data: On September 30, 2020, Nanjing Ivique and the upper gas sales continued to grow at a high rate on a year-on-year basis, with the same month ' s increases in net asset returns (%):
At the industry level, the overall recovery of our economy continues to be positive, with a combination of promotion fees and a low base for sales in the second half of 2019, and the domestic passenger vehicle market is expected to continue to grow at a slower pace in the future, and companies are expected to do so.
It is expected that the country will benefit from a car-to-car front; at the company level, the company’s new energy vehicle blowout growth is expected to provide a sustained increase in the company’s volume, and at the firm’s part of the sale of the car has been scaled up, followed by a multi-car-type investment, which is expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the company’s sales.
Investment proposal: The company has a wide vehicle cover, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-developed product system, and China, China, 28 Sin Rixi Street, Beijing West City.
Continuing to push cars into new four-tier innovation, with high security margins and long-term competitive advantages. At the same time, competition in the domestic car market has increased on the 7th floor of the inter-centre, and firms are expected to build on their own strengths to build up their leading edges and boost their profits.
In November 2020, the company ' s share of automobile sales was 0.98 times higher (previous value 0.99).
The monthly production of vehicles increased by 8.32 per cent and 10.65 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous month, with a production ring increase of 9.40 per cent, a sales ring increase of 7.91 per cent and a sales increase of 6 months and a similar decline of 2.70 and 2.70 per cent, respectively.
On-board gas and on-board motor vehicles show a sharp increase in the same amount of mass sales. A subsidiary's caliber: upper gas is sold for the month of Mitsubishi, which lasts more than 15% over the month of six months: on-board Emeritus imax 8, it is sold almost 5,000 vehicles a month, becoming the mpv champion of 200,000 dollars, and on-lined 33,000 vehicles, resulting in an increase of 224.6% in the sales of new energy vehicles.
The monthly sales of general-purpose and upper-air vehicles continued positive growth, and the same-year round rise resulted in a similar increase in single-month sales of 166,016 vehicles and 80,730 vehicles in November, an increase of 39.15 per cent and 27.06 per cent in November, respectively, and an increase of 25.12 pct and 10.77 pct in the previous month; in addition, the monthly sales of upper-air Chase, Ivecko red rock, Nanjingiviko and upper-air efficiency continued to grow at a similar rate, with the same rate as the previous month.
In the short term: at the industry level, the overall recovery of the country's economy continues to be positive, the sales policy continues to push up, and the production and sales base is low in the second half of 2019, and the domestic passenger market is expected to continue to be low in the future.
At the corporate level, the company is expected to benefit as a domestic driver; at the corporate level, the company’s new energy vehicle blow-out growth is expected to provide the company with a sustained increase; at the firm’s level, it is expected that the company’s partial vehicle sales will climb up, and that the subsequent multi-car roll-out will lead to a sustained improvement in the company’s output. In the long run, the company, as a domestic driver, has accumulated a certain advantage in terms of platform, finance, management, layout, etc., and will continue to push.
The Department is expected to build on its own advantages and further expand its market share, taking into account the company’s long-term competitive advantage.
The company’s wide-scale vehicle cover, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-developed product system, and a sustained drive for new and innovative cars, with high security margins and long-term competitive advantages. At the same time, competition in the domestic automobile market has increased, and firms are expected to strengthen their own advantage in order to expand their lead position and promote profitability (2) automobile sales are below expectations;
(3) Overseas operations have not advanced as expected: the present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.