Autonomous asset sales continue to improve, and the point of entry is expected to be highlighted. Date: November 02, 2020 - Quarterly Report Review of Up-Steam Group (6001044).
The Shanghai Automobile Industry (group) grew by 19.93 per cent, excluding the net profit of shareholders in listed companies by $15.186 billion, resulting in a significant increase in the performance of q3 compared to the previous year, and the turning point is expected to be highlighted: at the end of the income, total operating in the third quarter
(b) At the profit end, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of a listed company in three quarters was $8,254 million, showing a relative depth of 300 indexes compared to the ratio/circle ratio.
On the other hand, the cost of the period was significantly reduced, with a rate of 8.87 per cent for the three-quarter period, compared to last year's, and we believe that, with the continued recovery of the car industry and the continued rise in corporate output, there has been a marked improvement in corporate joint brands and a pressure on autonomy: the joint brand, the public, the upper and the upper.
Generalized sales have continued to improve, with 454,000 vehicles in the third quarter, a 4.1 per cent decline in the same year, a further decrease of 15.1 per cent in the ring; 395 million vehicles in the upper car, a slight increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, a 13.9 per cent increase in the ring, but a profit.
_aaa_uploading group (600104) annual report report still under pressure, with a projected loss of autonomy of about $1.59 billion in three quarters, compared to the second quarter slightly _aaa_uploading group (600104) evaluation report
There has been an increase, and the Māori rate of the parent company has fallen further. The upper-air Mitsubishi three quarters has achieved a total sales of 454,000 vehicles, an increase of 18.7 per cent and a 24 per cent increase in the ring, showing a strong influence _aaa_ the upper-gas group (600104) a quarterly report.
Quantified production from the Cho Chun Lin Popular Meb platform, the new four-fold transition to the headline: late October, the new energy car id.4x was driven down the production line, and the id.4x was based on mass motor group meb modularization
The creation of the power-driven platform means that the new energy vehicle for the popular meb platform began in the fourth quarter of the year, with a large volume of output, and based on the platform ' s id.3 market share, which has risen to Europe ' s third best market performance, the popular meb platform has a very competitive edge, id.4x.
In fact, in the face of increased competition in the industry and new changes in the car market, the upper-mortality group has been insisting on a “new quadrupling” of innovation in cars. In the new energy sector, the company has accelerated its own core capacity for the “tri-electric” system, driving the second generation of the edu power drive.
A successful batch of boxes is on the market, the leading global generation of the seventh-generation igbt, developed in partnership with British Flying Bulls, is well produced, and the 400-type fuel cell reactor and system development is initiated in the field of forward-looking fuel cells; and, in the context of smart network networks, is capable of targeting the global leading intelligent driving technology, basically achieving ai.
In terms of sharing, the brand of a "way rental car" for business-level rental services has been published, and the company has been successful in making a profit.
The Division’s three-quarter improvement in performance and the sustained recovery in the sale of autonomous joint brands will be expected to further strengthen its leadership.