Improved performance in optimising the cost of car and car spare parts and full recovery of the flagship: the company released its three-quarters report in 2020, and the company collected 49,862 million yuan in the first three quarters of the year.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, with an increase of 5.9 per cent in the same year, have also improved the ring, and the long line is emerging out of the epidemic and the impact of the industry, triggering a recovery.q3 Q3 with a return to normality and growth, the pressure on fixed-cost amortization has been reduced, while the costs of transportation logistics and advertising for companies have continued to fall on the same scale.
The q3 single season continued its two-quarter recovery, with strong growth of more than 17%, recovery of the two joint venture males, and recovery of Mitsubishi. The two joint ventures under the corporate umbrella were large in total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The three-quarter sales-by-quarter sales ratio of popular and upper gas was further improved, the volume size of the sales and the base of the meta-gas 12 months up/minimum (megagram) was restored to normal, and the long-term build-up of brand advantage is expected to continue in the recovery of the industry.
Swinging, while investing in the profits of associated and joint ventures (mainly the upper mass plus the upper gas industry), the upper gas group (6001044). " Cost optimization performance significantly changed. " New silver tags raise brand power, while electric cars are popular with consumers, single cars.
The upper-mortality group (600104), "Standing down a lot, monthly sales are on the top of the new energy sales list. Performance, autonomy, and joint ventures are still a little bit ahead."
The upper-mortality group (600104) has achieved mass production, launched a new course in the new energy strategy of the popular group, and the upper-mortality public will be expected to borrow from the group: a recovery in profit, autonomy and joint ventures.
The machine has been restored, the brand of the new R-roller will lead to a new, autonomous energy brand, and the new mpv-2019/10/30 product will add to it. Moreover, companies have always been forward-looking in the field of new energy and intelligent driving.
In the first place, new areas are breaking up, and innovation is based on extraordinary strength. Investment proposals: the company’s three-quarter sales ring ratio is on the same scale as the same growth in positive recovery.
Thanks to continued cost optimization and other factors, profits continue to improve significantly in a single season, and the joint venture is back on its feet and strong, and the advantages of scale are expected to emerge in the recovery of the industry.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.