On November 26th, 2020, the incident highlights: November 26th, 2020, the Upper Steam Group and the Government of the Pudong New Zone made a special investment in Shanghai Center.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed between the upper gas group, the Pudong New District, and the Alibaba group to create a 10 billion-grade new user-type automobile company, the "Intelligent Automobile" (AV), which was launched at the end of the project called "l" and was officially launched. In addition, the upper gas group was to join the group.
Zhangjiang High Technology, Henjiang Capital, together set up a partnership of smart technology equity investment funds dedicated to investing in high-end smart pure electric cars, with 75% of the upper-end steam.  Global layout, with a full user profile, to connect with change. High-end smart pure electric cars.
Smart cars, committed to becoming “the bringer of change in the smart age”, have the main advantages of this: 1) global layout: time space, two-dimensional layouts, with an initial global orientation. Smart cars have been prepared since 2014, with industrial chains spread across more than 60 countries. Next year in Shanghai, London.
In Vegas, high-end car brands are published at the same time. 2) Intelligent users: at the heart of the user. Using artificial intelligence, big data, to drive the user to the core of the car value chain, to tap the entire car from the bottom into an ecu controller that is highly relevant to driving experience, and to bring the client scene and steam to the bottom.
Car senses are fully integrated to achieve a new breakthrough in car intelligence width and depth. 3) Connect with change. Upwards are built on their own, working with Ali on new retail and car connections, and with British Flying Stone to create a new energy cell product with the Ninder era.
The Alliance works with mobile, Chinese, and so on. Multi-programming, joining industry’s leading companies to meet a new era of innovation in automobiles, “clean electric power plus smart interconnection.”
The Fund has committed $7.2 billion to invest specifically with Alibaba in the project of high-end smart and pure electric vehicles.
In the area of data, there are advantages in building a system of win-win and sustainable development strategies that accelerates the improvement of the upper-mortality groups 2020-11-07 traditional car industry chain and the upgrading of the transition.
II. Upper Steam Group (600104): Investing in the core positioning of enhanced software, enabling the upgrade of the engine. Software defines cars as becoming industries with significant growth in returns and higher performance expectations.
The company’s consensus that software will be at the center of future car intelligence and competition for diversity. Wisdom relies on Ali’s Big Data + Dharma’s new technology + the Aliun Biosphere, in conjunction with Zhang Gang Gokko 3, The Upper Steam Group (600104): September
Technology resources, such as the technology park ai chip, will in the future become a “leader” for the transformation of the upper conglomerates.
Automobile cross-border industries: on the other hand, re-engineer business patterns, market capital operations, point-to-point, from local to global, and move the entire upper-mortality group from a “domestic car industry giant” to a “global leading smart car enterprise”.
▪ Investment proposal: The popular meb first-car id.4 is starting to be a significant consideration. It is expected that Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.