The monthly sales continue to grow at a positive rate, and the cumulative production and sales decline continues to narrow.
Event description: The company released its September 2020 Express, and its monthly sales of automobiles continued to grow at a positive rate, while the cumulative sales continued to shrink. September 2020, \triangleright, \triangleright.
The upper gas conglomerates are rounded up, the upper gas is sold on equal terms, and the upper gas is reduced by a narrow margin.
With the exception of the foreign branch, which has been operating in Indonesia and the title India company, up-swinging mass monthly sales have continued the narrow trend that has prevailed since the second quarter, with a contraction of 1.19 per cent in September and a positive increase in sales in the same year for the rest of the sub-units; and up-surgent Mitsubishi performance is still bright, with 176,000 vehicles sold monthly in September.
Market value (billions): 19.73 per cent increase over previous month, 3.19 pcc increase over previous month, with monthly sales of more than 10 per cent over the same period of six months as of September 2020; monthly sales of up-to-date, up-to-date vehicles are equal to those of September
Not 153,326, 60,366, or 9.47% and 5.86%, respectively, compared to the previous month. The industry as a whole is better off, and companies are expected to benefit as domestic drivers. In the short term: on the one hand, September and October were the year of traditional domestic passenger vehicle sales, adding to the Beijing Car Fair at the end of September.
As the only level-a exhibition in the world this year, market attention is high and is expected to further stimulate the demand for cars, releasing the demand for cars, which, according to the Chinese Air Association forecast, is estimated to be equal in September, with 13.3 per cent and 7.6 per cent growth, while the overall recovery in the country's economic performance continues to improve.
The promotion fee policy, coupled with the low sales base in the second half of 2019, is expected to perpetuate the market for passenger cars, and the company is expected to benefit as a domestic driver; on the other hand, since 2020, the company has invested in a large number of new vehicles and, as the volume of new products climbs, it is expected that the company’s sales will continue to warm back.
Investment proposal: The company has a wide vehicle base, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-developed product system, and continues to be located in China, China, 28 Sinrixi Street, in the West Side of Beijing City.
Optimize product structure, strengthen strategic upgrades, promote new and innovative vehicles, with high-performance centres on the 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
In September 2020, corporate car sales were 1.05 times higher (previously).
At 1.01 times the value of the vehicle ' s current monthly output was 57.2 million and 60.23 million vehicles, respectively, with an increase of 14.75 per cent, 19.45 per cent and a decrease of 1.14 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 5.82 pct compared to the previous month, an increase of 9.51 per cent compared with the previous month of 5.94 pc, a sales increase of 3.94 pct over the same period of four months, and a reduction of 3.94 pct over the same period since the second quarter.
Figure 5: Accumulated vehicle output of the upper-car group (millions, per cent) Figure 7: Cumulative vehicle sales of the upper-car group (million, per cent)
Outside of Indonesia, Monsignor India, the narrowness of the upper mass monthly sales since the second quarter, with a contraction of 1.19 per cent in September and a positive increase in sales by the rest of the sub-company; the upper gas utility, with 176,000 vehicles sold in September, increased by 19.73 per cent, compared to 3.19 pct in the previous month, and the upper gas utility, with more than 10 per cent in September 2020 as compared to 6 months in the same period; the upper gas utility, with more than 10 per cent in the upper-air passenger vehicle.
The monthly sales were positive, with 153,326 in September and 60,366 in September, 9.47 per cent and 5.86 per cent respectively, respectively, up 12.84 pct and 7.07 pct compared to the previous month; in addition, the upper air traffic traffic traffic, Shanghai, Shinvo, Ivico red rock, Nanjing Ivík, and the higher and higher gas output were positive for the industry as a whole, and companies were expected to benefit as domestic drivers in the short term: on the one hand, in September and October, it was a national vehicle transfer.
The Beijing Car Fair, held in late September as the world's only level-a exhibition, was sold throughout the season and is expected to be followed by higher market attention. Incentives for the release of the demand for car purchases were estimated to have increased by 13.3 per cent and 7.6 per cent, respectively, respectively, in September, according to the Chinese Air Association estimates.
The market is expected to continue its recovery, and companies are expected to benefit as domestic drivers; on the other hand, since 2020, companies have invested in new cars, which, as the volume of new products climbs, are expected to fuel the company’s recovery. In the long run, companies, as domestic drivers, have accumulated a certain advantage in terms of platforms, finance, management, layout, etc., and have continued to promote new innovation in automobiles, actively upgrading their technological advantages, gradually increasing their technological advantages.
Extending the industrial chain and improving the layout, as competition in the industry increases, the company is expected to rely on its advantages to further expand its market share, taking into account projections of profits and investment proposals.
(b) The emergence of new innovations with high performance security margins and long-term competitive advantages, the intensification of the domestic automobile market, and the expectation that firms will consolidate their own strengths, expand their leading advantage and contribute to an overall increase in profitability. (2) Overseas operations are not as advanced as expected;
3) Industrial policy has been substantially adjusted; the report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having done so, nor for having done so.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.