q3 over-expected, business improvement follow-up, company reports for the third quarter of 2020, bringing total operating income to $4.986.6 billion in the first three quarters, compared with the previous three quarters.
A decline of 14.8 per cent; a decline of 19.9 per cent over the same period in the net return of 16.65 billion yuan; a total increase of 2.8 per cent in the third quarter of the year in gross operating income of 2,14.92 billion yuan over the same period; an increase of $8.25 billion over the same period in the net return of profits of the mother, which is expected to benefit in the long term in areas such as new energy sources, smart network networks, and the industry’s leading industry.
(-18.1 per cent) resulting in decreases in public, universal, autonomous and Mitsubishi costs of 25.9 per cent, 22.0 per cent, 14.5 per cent, eye adjustment, transport logistics and advertising, respectively; a decrease of 10.4 per cent in administrative costs, expected as a result of reductions in salaries, etc.; a general balance in research and development costs and financial costs; and a decrease in four cost rates
According to the trend in sales, the downswing in September has gradually narrowed to 12%, and Pasa Principal sales have regressed and are expected to resume their positive monthly growth during the year; the next step will be the production of a mass meb platform model and the introduction of the Audi brand model.
Future prospects are promising. The general switch to four-cylinders is rapidly warming, and high-moric models, such as Bekgli8 and Cadillac, are expected to boost performance. In addition, autonomous brands are proud to implement the "Target Strategy" , the Monsignor publishes the "mission 100" strategy, and Mitsubishi adds a new global "Golden Bill" .
The new energy and smart network is a forward-looking and long-term development. The company’s new energy sales of 89,000 vehicles (+105%) in the last three quarters have won a new energy sales champion in February.
The company is moving well in the area of new energy sources and smart driving core parts, and the seventh generation of gbt has achieved mass production.
In addition, in response to the trend in the automobile industry, the company will set up a zero-band software sub-company that will undertake research and development such as a new generation of centralized electronic architecture, using market prices as a standard on October 30, 2020.
Tasks. Corporate foresight in the areas of new energy, smart network networks, core competitiveness continues to take the lead, Upper Steam Group - q2 performance significantly improved, Forwards released, Up Steam Group - short-term performance pressure, long-term development good.
1) Motor sales fall short of expectations; 2) substantial price reductions for products; 3) ongoing escalation of trade conflicts between China and the United States.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations