The 3rd strong joined forces to set up the "Twiss car" and set the tram on its way up for a new drive. Date: 27 November 2020 - Report of the Review of the Upper Steam Group (600104).
Incident: On 27 November 2020, the Upper Gas Group issued an announcement to co-finance an investment fund with Zhang Gang Goko and Heng Xuan Capital to invest specifically in high-end intelligent and pure electric motors projects.
The three parties, Ali and Shanghai Pudong, are working together to create a high-end electric vehicle brand and capture the power of the electric mind: the Fund intends to invest specifically with Ali Baba (China) Network Technology Ltd. on the high-end smart pure electric car project, tentatively called the “Twilight Automobile”, which is generally the upper-mortality, the upper-mortality, the upper-mortality car.
The three parties, Li and Pudong Xinjiang, which are working together to build the Ten Billion-Class Big Car, will each take advantage of each other's advantages, such as the professional experience of car-making, the deep technology of tri-electric integration, Ali's intelligence interconnection, big data and the latest technology of the Dharma Academy, the ai of Pudong Xinjiang.
The market value of a share in circulation (millions of dollars) and core resources, such as the chip industry, have taken advantage of the higher points in the area of smart cars. On the one hand, for upper steam, it has taken control of the new smart cars, introduced social capital, and introduced a market-based capital operator.
The 300-indicator pattern is a breakthrough in its traditional business model for state corporations; on the other hand, working with technology giants, local government resources to create high-end electric vehicle brands, to produce new high-end branding ideas for high-end branding.
The development of its own branded electric vehicle, which has set a high-quality foundation while avoiding competing with existing brand names, such as those of the elite and the title, shows that the future is expected to change the traditional car by changing its size as a "killer" of the upper end of the upper-mortality group's brand.
At the industry level, home-owned brands have begun to try again in the area of high-end electric cars.
Breakthroughs, such as Chang An and Hua building high-end electric vehicles for the Ningde era, wide gas Eyan independent, running and publishing high-end Eiany brands, the east wind publishing high-end brands, etc., and the autonomous branding of the country's power and power industry chains and the technological advantages of Internet technology a.i.
China’s Autonomous Brands are expected to enter the ranks of the international auto giants in the future _aaaa_on the Quarterly Report (600104) with the hope of achieving a breakthrough in high-end branding in the area of electric vehicles, taking advantage of new opportunities for car transformation.
_aaa_Annual Review of the Steam Group (600104)
_aaa_Steam group assessment report (600104) _sightly, the future domestic ownership brand may be the birth of a giant no-man's-man's-lander, watch the steam group and so forth.
Autonomous brands have an opportunity to grow in the field of electric cars, “circles.” Risk factors: automobile sales fall short of expectations, and new-energy automobile high-end brands fall short of expectations.