_BAR_hollyownedsubsidiaryofchinamerchantsbank saicmotor (600104ch)
I'm sorry, maretsentativerisingona-shareauto targetprice (previoustp)
In the first three quaters, saicchievedtotalrevenueofrem498.7bn, Down Currentprice rmb214.9bn, anincreaseof2.8% yoywhillenpwasrm8.3bn, anincreaseof
(basedon 13.5x2021ep/e) withan jackbai
in3q20, gpmwas11.0%, Down 2.4 pptyoy, reflectinginsifieedmarket communication.theexpenseratiowas 9.6%, Down 2.3 pptyoy (taxexp-0.1 ppt, stockdata)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The yoydecreasearchistixpensend avertisingexpense.
Increaseof 19% yoy.amongwhich, investmentincomecomomjvsand associateswasrb 6.6bn, anincreaseof2.9% yoy.saicvolkswagen achievedsalesof454kunitsin3q20,down 4% yoy.saicgmachieved.
I don't know what you're talking about, salesof395kunits, anincreaseof3% yoy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
. at the Endofoct, the firstbasedonthemebplatform, namelyid.4wasput into production.
volkswagenbrand.however, theskodabrandfell 29% yoyin3q20, which isstillexpectedtodragdownthecoverofsaicvolfswagenintheshort-12-mthpriceperformance
Thesalesohh-endbrandillacincreasedby
75% yoygiveströngperformanementoverallluxurysegment.however, duetelackofbrandpower, chvroletdeclinedby 47% yoy, draggeddown overallforceofforceofsaicgm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
- "saicmotor (600104ch)-waitfor theturningpointoftwogms" -15apr "saicmotor (600104ch)-china's
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know.
I don't know if it's true, but it's true that I'm not the only one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, high-endbrandwillfurthenmarketsetsentimentsaic. weraiseourbototom-lineforforecastorm24.1bnin20202020esters.ourrevisednpforcastsuggesthatsaic'sbottom-
Linewillgrove 55% yoyin4q20e.athesametime, werevisedupournp forecastorm29.3bnin2021eflectitsgreatcontrol.weraise frominicaltprmb21.1(basedonical11.5x2020ep/e).upgradeto
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're not going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it for yourself, or (ii) the arepersons fallingwithinarticle49 (2) (a) to (d) ("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.") on theorder, andmaynotberovidetoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.