The proceedings of the investor exchange are summarized as follows:
Director: Liu Qingfeng, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Dong Myung Jiangtao I, first half of the year, business performance: the company was doing well in the first half of the year and the industry increased further in size.
Receivables: The rapid growth in revenue generated by the continued growth in the size of the company's operations resulted in a simultaneous increase in accounts receivable, with a current collection balance of $2.68 billion, comprising 86.8 per cent of accounts receivable from government departments, financial institutions and operators, large enterprises and designed for corporate receivables.
Clients as a whole have a strong capacity to pay and have established long-term, stable business relationships, with a low rate of bad debt despite a certain period of time. The company has continued to raise the level of management of accounts receivable, with an overall average of less than 0.1 per cent of all accounts receivable over the past three years.
Cost inputs: In the face of industrial opportunities at the dawn of the artificial intelligence age, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development and market layout in priority directions such as medical care, public scrutiny laws, smart cities, open platforms, etc. Cost increases have been relative, with profits falling by 58.11 per cent over the year.
R & D inputs and government subsidies: R & D investment of $511 million in the first half of the year, representing a relative receivable of 24.33 per cent; government subsidy of $7.329 million, of which the value-added tax refund for software is $3.39 million.
Channels and service networks, corresponding sales costs of $414 million in the first half of the year, compared to the same period in the previous year's period: in the first half of the year, the company brought in nearly 3,500 people, of whom nearly 100 were key professionals in various fields, nearly 1,000 were core cadres, and in 2017 a total of 631 high-quality students were recruited.
The company is well-planned for the purpose of organizational capacity enhancement through the establishment of a grade-level system for the various professional series.
Real language transliteration in complex applications, such as lectures, continues to improve, with the only real industry that has ever achieved the Tmt Study Group; dialect recognition continues to improve, with 21 types of dialects supported; and remote speech recognition.
The result was a breakthrough, with a morfei microphone built into aaiui core, with a 5-metre distance of 95% awakening and 93% recognition in a home-based environment. 2, Cognitive intelligence: machine reading, understanding the world's number one, aquad challenge, launched by Stanford University, is the world's number one.
3; Science and Technology is flying on the whole artificial intelligence strategy: platform + track. Platforms: provision of artificial intelligence capabilities, integration of backstage content and services for the entire industry to build an ecological system that continues to be closed; track: the core of artificial intelligence.
With regard to the platform: the open platform has grown further rapidly, with a cumulative terminal of 1.47 billion, an increase of 81% compared to the previous year; the third-party business team of 373 million, an increase of 133% compared to the previous year; it has been used at an average of 3.7 billion a day.
This is a 54% increase. The open platform advertising business model is further validated, an artificial intelligence open platform provider has made a breakthrough in industrial exploration, based on the advantage of big data, increased advertising performance, a significant 2.3-fold increase in label roi, a digital advertising platform that has gradually developed into a mainstream industry, Māori in the first half of the year.
The input method continues to be well-received, with 98% voice recognition, and the handwriting recognition industry being the number one, supporting 21 dialects.
The value of process data has gradually been highlighted, and the business logic of education has been recognized by the market. In the first half of the year, education received $565 million in business, an increase of 57 per cent over the same year; Māori $3.13, an increase of 105 per cent over the same year; Māori 2100 schools, with a real effect on the teacher ' s cost-savings.
Initial progress has been made, with more than 12,000 schools nationwide covered by intellectuals, including 68 national 100 schools, more than 15 million active teacher and student users, and a graded knowledge map based on artificial intelligence and process big data analysis has been gradually applied, and the actual teaching practice has allowed children to spend less time to achieve better outcomes.
In August this year, an average recall rate of 92.3% was obtained at Luna to obtain this assessment.
A new world record. 3. Artificial intelligence + effective justice layout, using the cognitive and cognitive intelligence capabilities provided by the televised brain, combined with the judicial knowledge base and big data mining and analysis techniques, enhances the efficiency of the judiciary, guarantees fair justice, and artificial intelligence + justice is recognized by the industry.
The effect of the appliance is further highlighted by the continuous expansion of the size of the smart passenger service in operators and finance, the further validation of the use of the audio autonomy model and the manual assistant model, with an increase of 56.02 per cent in revenue collection and 55.83 per cent in Maori.
With market recognition, the use of language by users in their cars has begun to develop, with 95 per cent activity.6 Small translator machines are now being used in 84 countries around the world, with a heavy roll-out of global hand-off translations and multiple translation functions.
Summary: One, artificial intelligence is facing unprecedented window period opportunities, and the basic pattern will be defined over the next three to five years.2 Three current priorities are: income growth, Maori growth, and user size growth.q: front-line layout in depth learning.
(a) The first place in the world is in natural voice understanding, translation, and medical images. The core is deep learning applications.
q: Ratio of vehicle-borne voice income, cooperation with the entire factory, and what is expected in the future?a: The first half of the year was dominated by a voice module, and the vehicle was pre-positioned on Chiri-Erezer 5.
95% activity. There are more than 100 models at the strategic level, mainly with voice modules, but they are working with companies on their automobiles and their connections. The company predicts that the next three years will be accompanied by ancillary driving, the spread of car connections, and the use of voice-interactive features in front of vehicles.
Try, in a noise environment of 100 km per hour, air conditioners, windows and windows, only q: Big data advertising business modela: the advertising business logic is to use backstage neural networks for statistics, modelling, mathematical analysis.
User characterization analysis and graphics, and accurate advertising for users. Companies provide industry-wide multi-dimensional analysis platforms that also eliminate the possibility of previous false data or false precision marketing.
a: The input method is not currently used as a basic tool as the main way of advertising realization, with the hope that the user’s experience will not be disrupted to the extent possible in order to build the platform. It is hoped that personalized services will be provided to users in the future, that more co-building and resource training will be provided to users, and that monthly fees will be paid.
(a) The benefits of the examination are two: the examination itself is a head charge and the science regulates its savings; and the study is a measure of promotion that gives the region, the school, the student a precise evaluation leading to an advantage in the overall educational resources
a: The number of employees will be out of 10,000 in the first half of next year, with two major additions, one for source technology, which requires high sophistication, and the other for applied research and development personnel in industrial applications. Not only is the rapid growth in sales income expected by the end of the fourth quarter of this year, but also for post-tax profits in the first quarter of next year.
q: Ideas network charge-back model, willingness to pay a: different schools pay different fees, with a trend towards a significant increase in teacher efficiency and student learning efficiency, with new needs and differentials emerging, a demonstration effect in the future, and parental fees
The fee is mainly for a month, and the annual package is $100-300, adjusted to different regions and content, and is still in the process of being certified.
a: Handwritten English recognition has created algebraic advantages, formula and graphic identification is under development, and future algebraic advantages are also being created, q: medical images are being used in stages based on image recognition, comparative advantage with commercial soup and vision
a: First, image recognition and speech recognition are conceptually well thought out, all with deep learning, rolls of neural networks, and the source technology of communications do not lose any factory; second, the news flies have the best medical data resources in the country; and third, medical care is not just medical images, but is based on semantic understanding and voice.
q: The advantage of the 100-degree open platform is a: the 100-year-old voice platform was opened a few years ago, but the voice market pattern continues to be the largest, with the core being,
1. Application is a hard case; 2, open mind, excellent track selection, and other areas rely on cooperation; o: causes and trends in the increase in the Māori rate in education operations, a: causes of Māori growth: 1; increasing number of product-based systems; constant use of poles and application templates
The real benefits of future education operations include: classroom teaching sold to schools, personalized learning products sold to c-end students, examination business, and regional platforms sold to the government to make it whole.
Close the loop, which is the entire system of “learning assessment” and the combined advantage of flying.q: The company's sales of small translators are expected a: translation will be needed in the future, and the company's translation product will be three pieces: software app, low-end translator
And a high-end translator (a small translator) that can accommodate normal travel, daily life, etc. The small translator is about to launch offline versions, which now reach the university level of six spoken languages, the university level of four spoken unconnected, and the next two years aim to reach the network level of eight professional and non-networked.
College VI. Sales are exploring two ways, one for direct sales and the other for rental models. o: unit prices for justice, education, medical video sales a: prices are very high. For example, one class in education has tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of copies, depending on how they are.
The number of end-points for students, the choice of monthly meals for students, and the number of medical and court meals are similar. See the system in the catalogue of purchases by state agencies, about 400,000.
In the 12-month period from the date of this report, the equity (or industry index) is defined as follows: No rating - the market benchmark index is 300 indexes, because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons it is not able to give a clear investment rating.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.