The first half of 2017 was published.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2017, which generated operating income of 2,102 million yuan, an increase of 43.79 per cent over the same period; and a net profit attributable to the parent company's shareholders, a rapid increase in revenue and Maori, with a significant increase in costs. In the first half of 2017, the company earned 43.79 per cent \triangleright, respectively.
And 46.99 per cent of the rapid growth, bringing the total Māori to RMB 1,027 million, an increase of $328 million over the same period the previous year, while the company ' s continued expansion of core technology R&D, pipeline construction and industrial layout in the artificial intelligence industry resulted in corresponding R&D costs, sales costs, operating costs increasing by 63.75 per cent, 66.00 per cent and 61.97 per cent, respectively, well above the growth in operating income and Māori, and three costs combined to R&D $360 million, exceeding the new Māori.
The company is part of the stock market, so that it becomes a controlling subsidiary, and thus its profits are no longer reflected in the return on investment (non-normal gains and losses), so that the net profit on the company's home is much lower than on the net profit on the non-mother.
In the first half of 2017, net profits of $31.41 million were realized, sales earnings and post-tax profits were both significantly higher than in the same period in 2016, and it is expected that performance commitments at the time of the acquisition will be exceeded. The core technologies of artificial intelligence will continue to lead the world, and product users will continue to grow.
\triangleright, a targeted artificial intelligence project \tangleright \twirth super-brained, continues to gain international leadership in the fields of sensory intelligence, cognitive intelligence, and the depth of cognitive intelligence combined with cognitive intelligence.
Challenge, once again, won the first place in the world in terms of naturality and paragraph effect of the core indicators of the game. On the most critical indicators of nature, the company continues to be the only more than 4.0-point participation system. In the MIT Review published on June 27, the company first came to the top of the world's 50 largest technology-creating business lists.
The sixth largest Chinese company in the same period, the number one, further defined the company’s leading role as China’s leader in the artificial intelligence industry. At the same time, the number of users of the company’s products continued to rise significantly, reaching 373,000 (a 133% increase over the same period), a total of 280,000 (a 41% increase over the same period) and a daily service of 3.7 billion (a 54% increase over the same period); and the total number of users of the platform (end-of-pipe devices)
A total of 1.47 billion (81% increase over the same year) were registered as monthly active users (31% increase over the same year). The results of the “ai+industry” strategy were constantly visible, and the education products and services business was entering the harvest phase. Companies continued to focus on industry needs through the integration of core technological innovation plus industry application data and industry expert experience in key sectors such as customer service, education, health, justice, and smart cities.
In the first half of 2017, companies maintained healthy growth in their operations, sales, sales earnings, and Māori continued to grow rapidly. Of this, education sector products and services received 623 million in the first half of 2017, representing an increase of 57.71 per cent, or 29.65 per cent of the total, and contributed the largest share of all products.
Māori grew by 105.56% over the same year, and the cost of investing in education increased by 21.27% over the same year, thus showing that the educational business is gradually moving to the harvest stage. In the education sector, the company has developed a system of good educational products, “1+n”, in which a series of educational products are in-depth teaching and learning, with a large amount of valid data, covering more than 15,000 schools across the country, with more than 15 million teachers and students active in the field of intellectuals and intellectuals.
The amount of data exceeds 300 tb, and the value of the big data on education is gradually becoming apparent. And the company’s network of personalized chemosynthetic and intellectuals has developed into China’s largest user in basic education, with the most significant applications, and a platform for the collection and analysis of large educative and personalized education. As of the first half of 2017, more than 12,000 schools (including 68 universities) in 32 provincial administrative districts of the country will be covered.
Fast-thinking classes, intellectuals, intellectuals, and intellectuals’ market push and coverage are expected to increase further. As China’s leader in artificial intelligence, the company will further expand its market space and maintain its rapid growth with its internationally leading technological and branding advantages; and it will speed up the landing of artificial intelligence applications for companies in areas such as education, government, automobiles, medical care, mobile Internet, etc.
Industry is not as developed as expected; applications are not as developed as expected.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the Institute of Computer Systems, are highly qualified in electronic information engineering at Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Research areas such as finance, artificial intelligence, and sub-units.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies