Industry applications accelerate landing, big input layout, big futures under the signature of Lee Wai, the first half of the year's harvest and the rapid growth of Māori, increased R & D and marketing inputs, and non-recurrent gains and losses
\diamond affects profit levels. Gross profits in the first half of the year amounted to $1.03 billion, an increase of 47% over the same period (an increase of about $330 million).
The Bureau, with operating costs of $414 million, an increase of 66 per cent over the same year, management costs of $497 million, an increase of 57 per cent over the same year, combined with operating and management costs of $345 million, which has exceeded the increase in gross profits; of this amount, R & D expense and capitalization amortization of $358 million, an increase of 64 per cent over the same period.
Another important reason for the slip is the acquisition of a shareholding in 2016, which was confirmed during the same period last year, when the company insisted on a platform + track strategy to accelerate industry applications. The company achieved remarkable results in the areas of perception intelligence, cognitive intelligence, and integration, in speech synthesis, speech recognition, common sense.
The company is a global leader in areas such as justice. On the corridors of key industries such as customer service, education, justice, medical care, and smart cities, by integrating “core technology plus industry data plus industry experts,” the focus on demand continues to overlap, driving artificial intelligence applications to the ground.
It's strategic, and the industry is in critical window stage. After 60 years of technology, artificial intelligence has settled, and has gone up and down several times, and thanks to the development of deep learning theory, improved computing and data resources, it has re-emerged into breakthroughs; we believe that this cycle of AI technological advances is comparable to those of the Internet.
The revolution is expected to boost human production and organizational efficiency once again. The global artificial intelligence industry is now entering a critical window period, and industry opportunities are bound to create a great group of companies.
The theme of artificial intelligence - strategicly looking at artificial intelligence, the company is in the lead in the domestic intellectual voice and intelligence industry. The first shareholder, China, moves 13.62%; the second largest shareholder, Dr. Liu Qingfeng, holds 7.99% of shares and has 15.12% delegated authority.
The right to vote is the real owner of the company, and the third largest shareholder, the Central and Central Chiefs of Assets Company, holds 4.23 per cent of the shares, acting in concert with Dr. Liu Qingfeng's team. 1) Core technology: the company is in the field of sensory intelligence, cognitive intelligence, and the depth of cognitive and cognitive intelligence combined.
Significant results have been achieved, leading the world in the areas of speech synthesis, speech recognition, common sense reasoning, and significant progress has been made in reading synthesizing, voice interaction, smart assessment, and oral translation. Voice synthesis: the best international speech synthesis competition in 2016, blizzardchallenge.
Voice recognition: for the first time in 2016, Google hosted the fourth international multi-channel speech separation and recognition competition.
Number one in three. Common sense reasoning: winning the first place in 2016 in a famous international game of Winogradschemachallenge, which is widely recognized by the academic community as an important academic challenge to measure the level of machine intelligence as a substitute for the Turing test.
Knowledge mapping: The first contest of international knowledge mapping, organized by the National Institute of Standards Technology (nist) of the United States, was won first in 2016. Machine reading understanding: The squad challenge, launched by Stanford University, is a recognized machine reading understanding.
Standard-level tests, also a top-level event in the field, are known as margenet in machine reading understanding. Recently, the squad (stanfordquertionswering) challenge list updated the results, and the system model submitted by the Huffl Joint Laboratory took first place.
For the first time ever, indigenous research institutions have won the top of the list. Computer visual/medical images: In recent days, a test of an average recall rate of 92.3 per cent has been obtained at Luna in the field of international medical imagery (the most authoritative international evaluation in the field of lung pulmonary pulmonary testing).
After gaining world first in the fields of smart voice, semantic understanding, and machine translation, science majors have reached the top of the world in important areas of computer visual and medical images. 2) Industry applications: Eto corporate cores of voice and artificial intelligence, relying on industry data and industry experts, public and private.
The Department has been active in the fields of education, public safety, smart courts, smart medicine, and consumer business, and has promoted the rapid landing of the industry. In the education sector, integrated products such as the smart tests, smart campuses, smart classrooms, etc., have been built.
In the area of public security, the public security mind solution based on police data has resulted in the signing of strategic cooperation agreements with various provinces and municipalities. In April 2017, the company signed a framework agreement on strategic cooperation with the Beijing Association and the hospital to establish a medical artificial intelligence association.
Joint Research Centers, in conjunction with each other's strengths, explore the application of artificial intelligence in medicine and medicine, including brain sciences and theological sciences, cognitive education for children, drug screening based on artificial intelligence, medical video-assisted diagnosis, voice electronic medical records, intelligent remote consultation systems, etc.
Figure 1 The strategic structure of the Section ' s high-speed flights. Figure 2 Changes in the Section ' s high-speed flight camp. Figure 3 Changes in the Section ' s net profit on high-speed flights and the Māori rate.
In terms of business structure, based on corporate disclosures, there are six broad categories: one supporting software and products, including customer and human interaction; two education operations, including product services and teaching; three Internet products and operations, including telecommunications value addition, interconnectivity and smart hardware; @iflytekc3, including public safety and smart cities; and five major data, including access.
Information data analysis and advertising platforms; 6 systems integration operations, including information engineering and audio-visual surveillance; of these, the larger and more rapid breakdowns of income in 2016 were: education products and services; telecommunications value-added operations; public safety iflytekc3; and systems integration information projects.
The most rapid breakdowns are interpersonal interactions (intelligent hardware in the first half of 2017), educational products and services, value-added operations in telecommunications, big data advertising and systems integration information engineering.