High and sustained growth in revenue collection, the Platform Plus Industry Application strategy
Business income grew 43.79% over the same period, higher than the 40.70% increase reported in mid-2016, and the performance of business was remarkable. At the same time, the company’s Māori rate rose from 47.78% over the same period of 16 years, and the company’s income, Māori level and the number of users increased in tandem.
During the R & D expansion period, the company ' s R & D costs (including amortization) grew by 63,75%, while R & D costs were capitalized by 480 million, an increase of 189 million compared to the beginning of the year. At the same time, the net profit on the company from the cost of sales due to the company ' s opening of channels increased by 66.60%.
In addition, the decline in investment returns affected the firm’s overall net profit level, resulting in a significant decline. But, in terms of growth subjects and long-term trends, the short-term net profit level does not change the firm’s long-term growth expectations.
The company is expected to complete major pipeline construction in 2017 and future levels of R & D and marketing costs are expected to drop
33.47 per cent, while the number of users increased by 133 per cent to 37,73 million, the expanding scope of the platform ' s operations has enabled companies to build up their size advantages and improve their ecosystems.
In the field, corporate smart-car voice product revenue increased by 127 per cent and Māori by 52 per cent over the same period;
During the period, the artificial intelligence layout continued to deepen, with more than 15,000 schools throughout the country, more than 15 million active teachers and students, and 300 tb of valid data, the value of which is expected to materialize; other areas such as justice, medical care and smart cities.
In a number of areas, companies have also largely completed their pre-existing accumulation and flow, and it is hoped that this will be followed up by a model extension and coverage that will further improve the layout of the company’s artificial intelligence industry chain.  Incentive mechanisms have continued to improve: in April this year, the company awarded a total of 62,584,000 restricted shares to 922 incentive recipients, with the first grant of equity.
But, in the long run, corporate incentives have continued to improve, and for firms that are competitive with core technology, good people are the cornerstone for future development, and it is in the interest of the future that technology in the focus areas of the company continue to accumulate and grow dramatically.