Sun Xiaojun, the platform + track strategy is progressing well, Zhang Li Xing
During the reporting period, the company’s share of the business was $1,027 million, an increase of 46.99 per cent, representing income, Māori, Māori, and Māori.
The number of users has been growing at the same pace. The net return has declined by 58.11%, mainly because (1) the company ' s continued and increased investment in key applications of artificial intelligence, core technology research and development, pipeline construction and industry layout have led to a significant increase in cost rates on a comparable basis. This factor has led to a higher net profit for the company.
The fall of 12.57% over the same period; (2) last year, all of them became holding subsidiaries with investment gains (non-recurring gains and losses) of $117 million, which led to a better net profit for the company than during the same period in the “Platform+Trail” strategy, with industry applications expanding.
The results of the artificial intelligence strategy of the track continue to be evident in the past year in comparison with the progress of the benchmark index, with platform-type business aspects: artificial intelligence opened up to 373,000 platform developers (an increase of 133 per cent over the same year), with a total of 280,000 applications (the same number).
This represents a 41 per cent increase; the total number of platform users (end-of-pipe devices) reached 1.47 billion (81 per cent increase over the same period), maintaining industry-led status and increasing the scale of operations and users in areas such as smart car-borne voice, mobile Internet and smart hardware; and, in key tracks, companies passed through
The integration of core technological innovation plus industry applications data and industry expert experience, with a focus on industry demand, has continued to generate a wide range of user-friendly artificial intelligence applications in such industries as customer service, education, medicine, justice, and smart cities. Companies have traditionally been excellent in customer service, education, etc.
In the new areas of justice and medicine, companies are also continuously developing and refining their products: the justice sector, which has been set up in most of the country’s provinces, with technology closely aligned with the scenes, and smart voice.
In the field of medicine, applications such as electronic medical records, diagnostic robots, medical pictures, and assisted diagnostics have gradually been opened, and collaboration has been established with several hospitals.
Income grew by 57.71 per cent over the year, Mäori by 105.56 per cent over the year, and Mäori by 12.89 per cent. The cost of investing in education increased by the same time, and the efficiency of the operation increased further. The company has developed a system of “1+n” educational products. During the reporting period, the X-ray series of educational products have reached the core of teaching and have accumulated a large amount of valid data, covering more than 15,000 schools across the country, with more than 15 million teachers and students active users.
In 2017, the company plans to further explore the commercialization of personalized learning counselling services based on artificial intelligence, building on the results of applications already available.
Data analysis and the value of products that characterize personalized services, exploring business models for in-depth operation around teachers and student users, and upgrading business performance development planning, have raised artificial intelligence to the national strategic level. We believe that companies have both technical and industrial applications and that the commercialization of artificial intelligence is expected to accelerate as a result of the creation of a closed environment and the catalyticization of external policies.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed increases [Standard Review Report (002230)] Figure 3: Corporate operating costs: Three fees
Figure 4: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
[Assessment report by the company 002230]