Incidents: On 10 August 2017, the company was reported to have achieved operating income of 2,102 million yuan in mid-17 years, an increase of 43.79 per cent in the first half of 2017, and a rapid increase in operating income of 002230.sz. In the first half of 2017, the company achieved operating income of 2,102 million yuan, an increase of 43.79 per cent.
\triangleright due to the significant increase in research and development inputs and amortization of the company in artificial intelligence technology and the corresponding increase in sales costs to expand the market, while at the same time, the depreciation of the company, Yuan Hae-woo Research Assistant
In the first half of 2017, the company made a breakthrough in various technological fields, and the natural and performance of speech synthesis technology increased.
On the market side, the company ' s open-air platform developers reached 373,000, an increase of 133 per cent; smart-car-borne voice-related products were sold to a total of 16 years; the total number of users of tele-entry methods has grown to 500 million, keeping voice input user experiences and slogans in the same product.
In April, the company signed a strategic agreement with the Beijing Institute of Medical Sciences of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences to build “China medicine”.
At the national level, in June 2017, the company received a “a” for nine years in a row.
Internationally, in February 2017, The New York Times highlighted the company as the representative of China's artificial intelligence business, focusing on “Store Brains”; in June, it became the first to enter a share in the perimeter of msci, and in that month's Science and Technology Review, the world's top 50 technologically creative business lists, it was the world's first Sunda Stock Company.
Six, Chinese first.
\triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc., in the computer industry. In 2007, he joined the Sindash securities industry.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined the Sunda Securities Corporation in 2016, which is a computer-related researcher.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.