Computer applications Core technologies continue to take the lead, and industries are experiencing rapid growth in their applications Events: Companies recently released their mid-2017 report, and companies achieved operating income during the reporting period
During the first quarter of the year, 1.246 billion yuan was realized, a 50 per cent increase in the same year; the net profit on maternity was 33 million, a 82 per cent decrease in the same year; the net profit on deductions was 23 million, a 40 per cent decrease in the same year; and the core technology continued to lead the industry, with the net profit on maternity falling for the first time.
Increased research and development investment in the telepathic brain, leading international research in the areas of sensory intelligence, cognitive intelligence, and the combination of both. Sound recognition based on in-depth learning has reached large-scale online conditions, and for the first time, deep learning has been applied to sound-prints.
Identified. China’s first home-grown institution to win first in the Stanfordsquad mission.
In the future, companies are expected to make a full breakthrough at the level of the artificial intelligence industry.
At the same time, the company’s R & D inputs and sales fees, 66963/66963, increased faster, to some extent affecting the increase in profits in the current period.
The platform + track strategy has produced significant results, with rapid growth in applications across industries. 48.75/26.35 The platform has established partnerships with 27,000 smart hardware clients, including domestic service robots.
The market share is over 80%. Open platform commercialization has made a breakthrough, with revenue rising by 317% and Māori by 1880% over the same period. Educational performance is promising: smart lessons, intelligence data are larger than 300tb: smart scoring and smart Quality Check systems have been applied to high-test projects in 24 districts:
The network has reached more than 12,000 schools in 32 provincial districts across the country.
The platform has covered 22 municipalities in eight provinces and, as the only intelligent city manufacturer, has dominated the design of the “number of characters” for development planning. Assuming that the company’s operations continue to progress steadily, it is expected to be characterized.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.