First-time rating Hold holds Hu Jia's motto.
High costs affect current gains, source technology-driven strategic deployments continue to drive $117 million in investment returns, and increased R & D, market and industry patterns lead to higher cost payments within 50 per cent of the year-on-year decline.
The company is the leading global voice intelligence and leader of the ai industry, the core technology global leader, and the source technology-driven strategic local outcomes are emerging. While the educational sector’s scale effect is emerging, it continues to be more organized in the areas of justice, medicine, smart cities, etc., and it continues to build the ai industry ecology and strengthen the public.
• Research and development, pipeline construction and industry layout, combined cost rates increased by 4.94 percentage points to the same year
A network of marketing channels and services covering the whole country has been set up, with sales costs increasing by 66 per cent to $414 million; in addition, management costs have reached $497 million, while yoy has increased by 57.03 per cent. Companies are still in a peak phase of investment, and cost payments are expected to remain high in the second half of the year.
In the second half of the year, business efficiency is expected to increase further. In other products, the commercialization of open platforms is beginning to be explored.
In the area of smart hardware, companies have introduced early translation machines and dingboxes.
Ongoing construction of the ani industry ecology: the company, as the leader of voice intelligence and the ai industry, owns the core technology leading the country, with 373,000 developers and 280,000 applications, with 1,470 million users and 81% increase in yoy.
Financial institutions, mobile phones, television, cars, etc. are leading companies in a broad range of strategic partnerships. Moreover, companies continue to increase their presence in such areas as justice, medical care, smart cities, etc.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: