Computers for 002230. Revenues are growing rapidly and core competitiveness continues to be consolidated at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company issued its semi-annual 2017 report, operating revenue of $2.100 billion in the first half of 2017, consistently increased R & D, channel inputs, increased costs, exposure to collusives, decreased net profits: companies continued to increase their core technology R & D, pipeline construction and industrial layout in key areas of artificial intelligence applications, with higher costs.
Large: In 2016, companies acquired a shareholding component of the participating company, and in 2016, the shareholding became a holding factor, and the non-recurring earnings of the company decreased significantly from the same period in 2016. The company’s high-income growth rate and high inputs are expected to result in a steady increase in its technological build-up and product-generation capacity in the ai area.
• Sustained expansion of the client base and enhanced product-generation capacity in business areas: companies own autonomous intellectual property rights, leading smart voice and artificial intelligence technologies, and own over 70% of the market model in the mainstream Chinese voice market. Companies build on technological advantages in smart voice, coupled with the addition and upgrading of cognitive intelligence in the industry.
As of the end of the reporting period, the number of developers of open platforms had reached 373,000, an increase of 133 per cent over the same period, accumulated partnerships with 27,000 smart hardware clients, over 80 per cent of the domestic service robotics market and commercialized.
Breakthrough to a digital advertising platform that became the mainstream of the industry, with an increase in operating income of 317.7 per cent over the same period; an increase of 127 per cent in smart car voice collection over the same period; a sound-clink box with a sound-speaker first brand; and a further application of voice self-help and manual assistant models by the customer-service industry in the areas of operators and finance
Certification, 56 per cent increase in the same income; educational industries should move quickly in a variety of scenarios, such as intelligence classes, intelligence studies, intellectual studies, intellectual studies, 57.7 per cent increase in the same income, further control of costs, Māori increase step by step: applications in areas such as forensics, medical care, smart cities move smoothly, end-users and
• R & D is at the same level as the market, and corporate performance is expected to unleash further: technology is the firm's core competitiveness, and companies continued to maintain high R & D inputs during the reporting period, with R & D costs amounting to $250 million, an increase of 44.9 per cent over the reporting period.
A network of marketing channels and services covering the entire country was set up, corresponding to sales costs of $410 million during the reporting period, an increase of 66 per cent over the same period. Companies continue to deepen their capacity to product and expand their technology, and their performance is expected to be further released, leading to a shift from scale growth to economies of scale.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Given the sustained increase in R & D and channel investment by companies in 2017, the cost increases are internationally competitive and maintain an “uptake” rating.
(b) Assumption 2: assuming the company's smart voice and the ai applications are on the ground and contributing to the profits, the industry applies the product system
(b) Assumption 3: assuming a robust increase in the scale of information engineering and transportation services, as the base base expands and increases at a slower rate, the Māori rate drops slightly
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.