Big input, fast-tracking, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, low-profit, low-profit, low-profit, low-profit, low-profit.
The first half of the year saw high growth in corporate revenue and Mäori, and the expansion of the season to good, i-application markets, and the size of the user. Meanwhile, net profits grew sharply and negatively, mainly because of the fact that the company had recognized $117 million in investment returns over the same period last year, resulting in a non-recurring collection this year.
However, even if this income is excluded, the net profit falls by 18.8 per cent,2 companies continue to increase in key areas of artificial intelligence applications such as medical care, public scrutiny, smart cities, etc. Core technology R & D, channel construction and industrial layout, and costs increase considerably in the first half of the year.
With $358 million in amortized and capitalized, an increase of 63,75 per cent in the same year; with $414 million in sales costs, the Open Platform ' s operations expanded rapidly, and commercial operations made a breakthrough at the end of June, the number of users of the Open Platform reached $1.470 billion, an increase of 81 per cent in the same year; the developers reached
373,000, an increase of 133 per cent over the same year; 3.7 billion people in daily service, an increase of 54 per cent over the same year; and 310 million people in monthly life, an increase of 31 per cent over the same year. Companies maintain the advantage of data size in the area of artificial intelligence, and an artificial intelligent biosphere has been formed, with science major flying at its core. At the same time, companies are opening their platforms.
Commercialization exploration has made a breakthrough, with a significant increase in the accuracy of advertising and the introduction of the only flow-based counterfeiting testing platform in the industry, which grew 318 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period and 33.47 per cent in the Māori rate.
In the first half of the year, the education business achieved income of $565 million, a 57 per cent increase in the same year; Māori $3.13, a 21.27 per cent increase in the same year, and corporate education, a harvest date. Individualized teaching Platform Ideal Networks entered the commercialization phase, contributing more than 30 million dollars in the first half of the year.
It is believed that the company ' s education business now forms a complete closed circle of tog (think-test product, regional education cloud), tob (think-school product) and toc (intellectual network), and that the future will be associated with the product-generation system of the Huaann Securities tmt Study Group
In the face of a billion-grade education market, a strong moat advantage will ensure the scale and profitability of education operations – access to the country’s top medical experts, and the progress of ai+ medicine toward cognitive intelligence.
There are three main areas in which company-ai technology is located in the medical field: smart voice electronic medical records, medical images, and ancillary clinical systems based on cognitive calculations. Of these, smart voice electronic records are already in use in more than 20 hospitals across the country, taking into account the hospital's special environment, and the country's only spoken language.
Sound technology solves the problems of noise reduction, dialects, and natural language understanding simultaneously. In medical image recognition, the company has just won the best global success in the luna competition organized by the International Medical Video Congress, marking a world leader in medical images.
The company has set up a joint artificial intelligence laboratory with the Beijing Association of Chinese Medical Colleges and hospitals, creating a pre-emptive advantage in artificial intelligence technology and medical resources, which will open another huge market of 10 billion degrees. The preloading of vehicles is beginning to run in volume, and the voice is hard to shake.
In the first half of the year, corporate vehicle sales reached a total of 95 per cent of last year's total, smart motor product activity was 95 per cent; vehicle product receipts grew by 127 per cent in the same year, and Māori by 52 per cent in the same year. In the broader context of car connectivity and car intelligence, smart voice will become a vehicle demand in the next two to three years.
Because of the noise in the car, the unique circumstances of remote recognition, and the service requirements of the Dollen Dialogue, the difficulty of voice recognition has increased considerably, and the market has been able to test and test only the teleport products.
With a time-cycle for pre-loading products, it is expected that the vehicle type that carries company smart voice technology from 2018 to 2019 will be marketed in large numbers. The company’s vehicle-borne voice product will range from the earliest voice module to the provision of an integrated solution for hardware and software on part of the model, so the vehicle-caring business will be on a case-by-case basis, Māori.
Large-scale R & D and channel inputs are coming to an end, and performance has come to a close. From 2015 onwards, firms have seen a pattern of higher revenue and profit growth, mainly as a result of the company ' s heavy input deployment focus on application areas, and the cost of R & D and sales has grown faster in public terms.
The Division has always focused on R & D, and R & D costs account for more than 20% of revenue. The main investment in R & D in the last two years has been in R & D, especially from Operation Spring Xiao, which began at the beginning of last year, and has been directed towards the global recruitment of top talent. The R & D team is now largely well-established, and research and development resources are expected to be deployed today.
In terms of channel construction, the company launched a three-year national channel layout plan in 2015 to launch the "Task 1520" in the second half of the year, which will be $1 billion to expand the education and upbringing channels. The company’s sales cost was 60% in the last three years, with the company saying that it will be in the fourth quarter of this year.
We believe that corporate platforms and track revenues are already in a release period, and that the speed of distribution and sales inputs is slowing down, meaning that companies’ performance is approaching. On a quarterly basis, 2q17 performances will enter a new period of revenue-and-profit-scaling.
On the other hand, as input growth slows, corporate performance will rise at a high rate, with stock and market value still rising if valuation returns are lower than profit increases. The firm’s long-term performance has been reversed.
Next year's races are expected to take off at an accelerated pace, and high growth is expected to maintain the company's “buy-in” rating, which is defined as follows: No rating - because the company is unable to obtain the necessary information, or because it faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, within 12 months of the date of this report.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.