The growth rate of Māori harvests is nearly half an increase, and the rate of growth in priority operations is a sign of improved profitability.
In terms of education industry products and services, Internet products and value-added operations, iflytek-c3, big data products and services, the company ' s Māori ratio by type of education, value-added product operations and information engineering is 55.4 per cent, 82.7 per cent,2 and the company supports software and the human machine interactive products and solutions under the product plate collects $200 million, the same amount.
This business is the company’s core business, with intelligent human-ships functions around smart voice programs. Through voice-interactive support technology, many of the company’s top-level services are delivered, and the developers’ communities are formed, and the high rate of growth in this area reflects the ability of the company’s core technology to deliver on its performance.
3. The education sector is an important field of entry for companies in the context of specific trade paths, and the growth in the collection of educational products has been made possible by the rise in the penetration rate of corporate product leadership and artificial intelligence in the education sector.
The significant increase in the Māori rate provides the basis for further positive business development.4 The company ' s big data advertising platform generated 130 million dollars, an increase of 317.7 per cent over the same period, which is a direct indication of the value of the company ' s entry status.
Important interactive approaches will be necessary components of a variety of platforms, such as input methods, smart sound boxes, mobile phone applications, and advertising around traffic entrances will be consistent with client needs and landscape features.5 We believe that corporate performance as a whole is up to expectations, with a rapid increase in total revenue and Māori inputs.
While the reason for the deduction of non-net profits decreased slightly from the same year to year, the performance of the core business increased significantly, indicating that the company ' s business style, plus R & D and market expansion, led to increased costs, that the dominance of artificial intelligence highlighted the benefits of the industry, and that corporate withholding of non-net profits decreased by one percentage from the same year, mainly as a result of increased R & D and market inputs.
During the reporting period, the company increased its research and development of core technologies and applications of artificial intelligence, corresponding to cost- and capital-producing 1, the annual evaluation of the Science and Technology Fairing (002230): the amortization of artificial indigenization was $360 million, an increase of 63.8 per cent over the same period; and sales costs of $410 million were generated to expand the market, a comparison.
In addition, there are operating, depreciation, office, etc. costs amounting to $150 million, an increase of 62.0% over the same period. These costs affect the level of net profits, but as technology companies, technology R & D and market expansion are beneficial.
Long-term growth of the company. Non-recurrent gains and losses, the acquisition of equity participation by the company in 2016 was a part of the equity (all well developed in the first half of 2017, with a net profit of $3.141 million and a promise of overperformance) and an investment return of $120 million, raising the net profit base for the same period.
During the reporting period, corporate leadership was further consolidated. During the reporting period, the company focused on inputs from the full-scale artificial intelligence project “Speeding Brains”, which was achieved in a number of areas, including the blizzardchallenge competition, digital Tibetan recognition, the Stenfordsquad mission challenge, high-level English and Chinese essay ratings, and the microphone array.
The company’s involvement in and sponsorship of two national speech recognition and speech pronunciation standards was rated as the sixth most creative corporate list of 50 countries in the world by MIT and ranked first among the Chinese public authorities in the same period.
3. At the end of the reporting period, 370,000 developers (an increase of 133 per cent over the same year), 280,000 applications (an increase of 41 per cent over the same year) and 3.7 billion services per day (an increase of 54 per cent over the same period), were accumulated in partnership with 27,000 smart hardware clients in the domestic service of robotics.
Open platforms have also made good progress in commercialization, with revenue growth of 317.7% the same year, and companies have built artificial intelligence solutions on platforms such as vehicle and mobile platforms. We believe that increased corporate investment in R & D will help to bridge the gap with domestic and foreign competitors and strengthen their leadership.
As a result of sub-operational revenue collection and the increase in the Māori rate, companies have begun to benefit from the dividends of the start-up process in the artificial intelligence industry; with the full onset of the industry, it is expected to become a new track entry for Internet companies.
1. In terms of industry applications, companies are promoting the development model of the Platform + track, which currently focuses on the development of the education, health, and justice tracks. Education is the company’s top priority, and the system of “1+n” educational products has been developed. During the reporting period, over 15,000 schools throughout the country were covered by tele-education products.
There are more than 15 million active teachers and students, and more than 300 tb in intelligence classes and intelligence products, and they have become the top players in the field of "ai+education".
The first solution is for companies to transform technology to performance, sustain large-scale long-term good business, and three, profit projections and investment proposals, p99x, 78x, and 57x, respectively. Given that companies are the champions of scarce artificial intelligence,
Newness can be matched to the Internet giants in terms of international recognition, as firms develop over the next two to three years, giving the public sector less rapid than expected; technology research and development less than expected; and changing patterns of competition.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, director of the business college of China Petroleum University, head of the baa business school, director of entrepreneurship at the Central National University, with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, joined in 2016 with the NLD securities. Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Science and Technology, and post-Doctor of Information Science, Beijing University, visiting scholar at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology: since 2010
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to any third party approval or influence.