Magnificent shares (600160): Excellent fluorine, industrial integration taps, mega-stocks.
The company is the leader in the fluorine industry, and the fluorinated industry is larger and well-developed. The company is fluorinated, approved by the People’s Government of Zhejiang Province, and is the largest producer of methane chloride from the industrial-material plates of the Giant Group.
The sole initiative, with limited public shares in the form of fund-raising, is mostly transported through pipelines that reduce transport safety while reducing production costs. The Fluorine Refrigerants Division is the country’s leading fluorine, chlor-alkali chemical complex.
The company’s core industry is highly fluorinated, and the company has achieved a high level of profitability. Industry and other dominant products are in the industry on scale and technology.
Refrigerant products are highly profitable, operating mainly second- and third-generation refrigerants, using their own leadership levels. Large brand brands are Chinese brands. Companies ' fluorine product series, organochlorine product series, acid system
Technology to industrialize HFC-F4 refrigerants. Of this, the company's second-generation refrigerant r22 was ranked “Zhejiang province branded product.” The volume was the second highest in the country, with the withdrawal of foreign firms and stringent enforcement in developing countries, including my own.
In the case of raw materials, the company is located in the region of the Fireflies Resource Fusion Centre, and the company is in the region where it is located.
The chlor-alkali plate features are clear, and the chlor-alkali balance level and the chlor-alkali device performance rate are among the highest in the country. The company is the number one in Zhejiang Province, and the production of aluminium oxide from downstream products has increased as the country expands its infrastructure in the future.
The demand for falcon is expected to rise, and prices are on the rise. Also, the use of liquid chlorine to produce the company’s fluorinated raw materials is essential for the stable production of the chlorinated industry. The company pvdc is the only brand in the country, the only product with autonomous intellectual property rights in the country, with a domestic market rate of over 60%, and products such as f141b.
The company has joined forces to develop electronic chemical material plates. The company, along with large funds, has been funded to sell the company's electronic chemical material plates to the medium core. It can be expected that the medium core will be profitable.
The rapid development of electronic chemical materials with the support of a large fund is a future growth point for companies.
1. The company is the leader in the fluorine industry. 1.1 is located in the high technology industry development area of the State of Xiangzhou. It is located in the high technology industrial development area of the State of Xiangjiang Province.
Five national highland areas are the only national chemical parks in the country where the industry is dominated by new fluorosilica-cobalt materials. In addition to the advantages inherent in their superior position and strong industrial base, the state highland is at the forefront of the management of the contamination of the park as a national chemical park, as well as the planning of the layout and management of the park.
The regional advantage will become more pronounced as safety and environmental protection increases. Eastern financial and intellectual sources 1.2 have a well-developed fluorinated industrial chain.
The company ' s production areas are the leading domestic manufacturing base for fluorine, chlor-alkali chemical complexes, which are mainly for the development, production and marketing of fluorinated products and raw materials, basic chemical materials, food packaging materials and follow-on products, and have the necessary industrial support systems for the fluorine industry, such as chlor-alkali, sulphur-acid, coal-chemical and basic-fluorinated industries, and on this basis form the basis of which basic raw materials, fluorine-cold-gases, etc.
The company’s fluorinated industry is large and well-developed, and the production of sulphuric acid, liquid chlorine, methane chloride, etc. is self-sustaining, while most raw materials are transported through pipelines, reducing production costs while reducing transport safety.
With a high degree of risk, the impact of fluctuations in the price of raw materials can be reduced better, and profits in the industrial chain can be maximized. East’s financial and intellectual boom, mega-equity (600160): the vanguard of good fluorinated industry integration
As a major provincial chemical industry in Zhejiang province, since its launch in the year, companies have acquired companies such as the Lang Creek Pesticide Plant and Zhejiang Giant San Fluorine Chemical Co. Ltd., vigorously developing fluorinated industrial products and actively expanding upstream and downstream industrial chains. In 2006, company R22 products became the first “China brand” in the country's fluorine industry.
In 2010, products such as company r134a, polytetrafluoroethylene, and salin were branded in the petroleum and chemical industries, and operations such as fluorinated raw materials, chlor refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, food packaging materials and petrochemical materials were the source of financial prosperity in the east.
For nearly 10 years, the fluorinated industry has experienced low-end re-building, intense competition and weak firms and disadvantaged productive capacities, a recovery in sectors driven by structural supply-side reforms and increased industrial concentration, and accelerated industrial upgrading by leading firms. Domestically, as a result of the surge in HFC production in 2011 and 2012, the country ' s low-level re-development of the fluorinated industry has increased its capacity.
The structural contradictions of products have become more pronounced, with structural overcapacity, during which the company’s competitive advantage has remained stable and growing. The fluorine industry benefited from domestic supply-side reforms in 2017-2018, as well as from the tightening of safety and environmental regulations, which erupted this year, so that the company’s operating earnings and profits grew rapidly in 2017 and 2018.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report, Giant Shares (600160): Excellent F-gasser integration.
Table 1: The company's main product, the refrigerant, is a national flagship brand and the main products are second-generation refrigerant r22, third-generation refrigerants, such as r125, r32, r134a and blended small-packaging refrigerants, and fourth-generation refrigerants. The company's total HFC refrigerant production in 2018 amounted to 338.8 million tonnes/year.
In addition, companies use their own technology to industrialize HFC-IV refrigerants. The earnings and profits of HFC refrigerants have been growing steadily, with the coolant market becoming less depressed during the year, and SMEs withdrawing, together with national quota production requirements for second-generation refrigerants and upstream feedstocks.
Production and production controls have led to a further increase in production concentration. Since 2017, refrigerants have been strained, prices have risen significantly, and it is expected to remain profitable in the near future.
Maleene, tetrachloroethylene, etc., of which methane chloride, trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene are among the highest in the country.
The company ' s fluorinated industrial raw materials have rebounded strongly every year since 2013. This cycle is consistent with changes in the prices of dichloromethane and chloroform, with the downstream products of methane chloride being plastics and glues. The average price of dichloromethane in the first half of the year was $3184 per ton, a decrease of 43 yuan per ton compared to the first half of the year, a decrease of 1.3 per cent for trichloromethane in the first half of 2019.
The average price of the alkanes was $2934, an increase of $281 per ton over the first half of last year, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the second half of the year, with downstream terminals and distributors having demand for supplies or markets in the second half of the year. There was a significant increase in revenue until 2019.
A 4% decline has not kept up the high growth since 2016. The company’s size is expected to expand its market position in the process of raising safety standards in the industry, and the profitability of the fluorinated polymer material plate will remain high.
Eung Heung Securities Depth Report Giant Shares (600160): Excellent F-Multi-Integration Leader Figure 13: Domestic Prices of Dichloromethane and their Changes in Year-on-Year
Figure 14: Domestic and year-on-year changes in the price of chloroform
1.3 The company works with major funds to develop strategies for the development of electronic chemical materials. The company considers electronic chemical materials to be an important direction of industrial upgrading.
Zhejiang Kai St. Flu Chemical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Caysang Corporation”) was founded in 2003 and is dominated by the high-technology industry associated with electronic chemical materials. Since then, mega-stocks have become 100% shareholders in their holdings, and Kaysang Corporation has become a carrier of mega-stock electronic chemical material plates. In December 2014, the company established Zhejiang Bori Electronics and Technology Ltd. (hereinafter “Bori Corporation”) to engage in electronic chemical materials.
In 2016, the company raised $3.2 billion in non-public funds for the development and production of fine chemicals for the entire industrial chain in the field of fluorinated chemicals, including electronic panels such as the high-purity electronic gas project (phase I), the high-purity electronic gas project (phase II) and the special fluorine gas project, totalling $1,066 million.
Market barriers and industry characteristics such as high concentration and low domestic production, and the promotion of mixed ownership reforms, together with such companies as the Integrated National Circuit Investment Fund Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Major Fund”), have established China-Middle-Heart Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Micro-Smart”). In 2018, the company completed the transfer of equity rights to its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Cay St. and Borret, and became full-owned subsidiaries of the medium-sized core.
The fund works together to develop electronic chemical materials. Not only can it have developed experience in the field of electronic chemical materials accumulated by Kei San and Borret, but it will also be able to obtain sufficient funding through large funds to complete M & A growth on the development path of the M & M. In anticipation, the electronic chemical material plate is the company’s main profit growth point in the future.
The East's financial and intellectual boom, mega-shares (600160): a brilliant leader in the integration of fluorinated workers, 1.4 companies with a good financial structure and low debt ratios.
The company has a healthy financial structure. From historical data, since 2016, the company has been issuing a generic RMB to specific investors, both the flow ratio and the speed ratio have been higher than the industry average. As can be seen from figure 16, the company’s liquidity ratio in 2018 has continued to grow at a rate of 3.56 and the industry average has continued to contract.
The generally low level of indebtedness suggests that companies are less financially costly, less risky, and more robust in their operations.
Refrigerant products are expected to remain profitable for four generations based on ozone-depleting odp and global warming potential gwp. The first generation of refrigerants has been completely phased out due to their high odp and gwp levels. Second and third generation refrigerants are currently the main refrigerants.
Mainstream refrigerant varieties. The fourth generation of refrigerants has been used on individual occasions, but is not yet widely available. Large shares are now mainly used in second and third generation refrigerants, while the fourth generation of HFC refrigerants is industrialized using home-grown technologies. Table 3: Classification of commonly used refrigerants and presentation
The company has two-generation refrigerants, three-generation refrigerants and four-generation refrigerants, of which r22, r134a and r410a are the company ' s main products in the field of refrigerants. r22 production is based on processes such as the follow-up catalytic response of alf and chloroform as the main feedstock, r134a is prepared with alf and tce as the legal basis for gas-based fluorination of the original material, r410a by r32 and r125.
Methane chloride. The company’s methane chlorination is largely self-sufficient, and the main refrigerant source of procurement is the alf and ahf upstream feedstock fluorescent.
2.1 Second-generation refrigerant quotas are increasingly scarce, unlike many fine chemicals, and environmental impacts and policy regulations are central to refrigerant applications. The Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer (hereinafter referred to as the Convention), signed in 1985, clearly identifies the potential harm to human health and the environment caused by the depletion of the ozone layer in the atmosphere, and calls upon all States to:
Governments have taken cooperative action to protect the ozone layer and first proposed HCFCs as controlled chemicals. The Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer (hereinafter referred to as the Protocol), signed in 1989, specifies the use of HCFCs, in which countries need to phase out second-generation refrigerant consumption completely by 2020, while developing countries need to reduce by 25 per cent by 2020 and phase out them.
We signed the Protocol in 1991 and enacted the Regulations on the Control of Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer in 2010, establishing a system for the control of production, consumption, imports and exports of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) and quotas, establishing a system for the management of production quotas and controlling the production of hofcs by enterprises.
Table 4: Montreal Protocol phase-out provisions for r22
In the developing world, including my own, R22 is still the main air conditioner, refrigerator refrigerant, and a stock of European and American countries.
R22 is an ideal refrigerant for the refrigeration effect itself, with a range of advantages, such as low energy consumption, high unit refrigeration, high safety (no poison, no combustion, non-explosive), high value for money and low corrosivity, and is therefore still popular within the policy and regulatory context. R22 is also an important raw material for fluorinated molecule materials.
Work has stopped and our production has been regulated by a strict quota system since 2013. R22 is highly profitable as a “cash cow” in refrigerant products because of the high demand and the tight supply system. R22 is the second largest producer in the country.
f141b is also a second-generation refrigerant, mainly used in polyurethane blowing agent, the company ' s chlor-alkali and fluorine-based combined product. For 2015-2018q3, the company ' s production was 0.99 million tons, 136,000 tons, 1230,000 tons and 0.87 million tons, respectively, with sales of 0.99 million tons, 0.99 million tons, 11.16 million tons and 0.75 million tons, respectively, for the same period.
The use of f141b blowing agent is expected to reduce the company ' s future capacity quota of f141b.
We are currently facing phase-out due to the destruction of the ozone layer and the high greenhouse effect of the second generation of Hcfcs (represented by r22). The third generation Hfcs does not destroy the ozone layer at all, and the greenhouse effect is significantly reduced, and is currently the ideal alternative for HFC refrigerants. In recent years, the company has taken advantage of its advantages to actively consolidate its position as an industrial leader on the third generation of refrigerants, such as r134a, to fill it.
R22 Market space left by the gradual de-marketing of the future. Currently, the company owns R32 tons of capacity, r125 tons of capacity, and r134a has a capacity of 70,000 tons, the size and start rate of which remains the highest in the world. r134a replaces cfcs used in the refrigeration industry, which is used extensively for car air conditioning, refrigerators, central air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, etc.
The price of hydrofluoric acid has had a significant impact on the cost of refrigerants. Prices of hydrofluoride have fluctuated considerably since 2017, and there has been a recent shortage of phased supplies, resulting in higher prices.
Facilitation; and company-owned hydrofluoric acid production, with a self-sufficiency rate of 50 per cent, with the price of hydrofluoric acid driving up the price of fluorinated refrigerants, but not leading to an equivalent increase in the cost of production.R125 and r32 are mainly used for a reciprocal mix of r410a. The blended refrigerant product is currently recognized and pushed by the vast majority of countries in the world.
The main low-temperature environmental refrigerants are proposed, which are widely used for re-loading and servicing of refrigeration and new refrigeration equipment for air conditioners. r410a has a relatively strong cooling effect, which makes it easier to miniaturize the refrigeration equipment, while working pressure is about 160 per cent, 1.6 times that of r22. Since the second half of 2018, r410a prices have been steadily declining, mainly from the prices of its blends r32 and r125.
From the demand side, both are mainly used for air-conditioning refrigeration, but prices of r125 and r32 are still falling due to poor demand for air-conditioning in the last quarter of 2019 due to the late 2018 export and the gradual downswing of the domestic real estate market. New production capacity has accelerated and depressed prices as a result of the near-hfcs reduction baseline year (2020-2022).
But with the introduction of small producers and increased production concentration, the company’s advantages will become more apparent.
The company’s fourth-generation refrigerant production capacity is still relatively low in the country, and megaization is currently a very small number of companies using autonomous technologies to produce it. Before this, there was a mega- and trio-rich production of fourth-generation refrigerants in the country, with a high concentration of industry.
The company has a 100% stake in technology development for refrigerant products such as HFC-4. Among these, in recent years, the Giant Technology Center has undertaken “r1234 research on synthesis and applied technologies” and the mega-new material has a patent for the invention of “a method for producing HFC-134a.” Currently, the fourth generation of mega-associated refrigerants produces 3,000 tonnes/year, resulting from the research and development of the fourth generation of refrigerants in future companies and large-scale production.
Fluorinated polymer plates will be profitable and will maintain high levels of fluorinated polymers with high heat resistance, chemical corrosivity, durability and durability. There are a wide range of applications in industrial buildings, petrochemical and automotive industries, aeronautical industries, etc., and are one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries in the organic fluorine industry, in the middle and back end of the industrial chain, in products.
In the case of fluorinated polymers, the company’s main product is tfe, ptfe, hfp, fep, pvdf, among others, where the production of lfp products is industry-led and the production of fluoropolymers is in the forefront in terms of capacity. With the fluoropolymers technological upgrading project, 23.5 kt/a fluorinated new materials (phase II), 10kt/apvdf (phase I), and fluorinated rubber, among other projects, the company’s fluoropolymers will be further scaled up, new products will be introduced.
At the end of the year, pvdf is expected to complete its construction capacity of 10 kt/year. In the long run, fluoropolymers show great potential in advanced manufacturing industries.
Yes, the profitability of the fluoropolymer-based material plate is expected to remain high. 4. Chlor-alkali plate characteristics are clear. Chlorinated compounds, such as methane chloride, are important raw materials for the production of refrigerants, and therefore the package chlor-alkali device is used to ensure the stability of the company ' s feedstocks.
The company is located in an area of highly developed textile and chemical industries, where the burning alkaline associated with chlorine gas can be absorbed better by the neighbouring industry. The public-sector chlor-alkali balance level and the chlor-alkali facility performance rate are among the highest in the country and have a clear industrial advantage. Since the company-backed chlor-alkali industry is primarily designed to supply the required chlorine elements to the fluorine industrial chain, it consumes chlorine gas in a pvc-based manner with the general chlor-alkali industry.
Similarly, the chlorine gas produced by the company ' s chlor-alkali plate was used mainly for methane chlorination as a feedstock in the fluorine industry and did not require the production of pvc to achieve a chlor-alkali balance in the chlor-alkali industry. As a result, the company ceased production of pvc in 2016, after a phase-out of its capacity equipment of 60,000 tonnes/year.
4.1 Accompanied liquid chlorine is critical to the stable production of the fluorine industry. Liquefied chlorine is a dangerous product that cannot easily be transported or stored, and therefore prices have fluctuated. In recent years, supply has increased as a result of the release of additional LCD capacity, while downstream products have been subject to high-pollution industries, high-pressure environmental policies, reduced start-up rates and low demand for LCDs.
In 2018, the overall liquid chlorine market shifted from weak to strong, market supply and demand patterns, with price surges on several occasions, and plant profitability improved significantly. In 2019, the chlorine market continued to fall, supply and demand were unstable, and in March it began to grow stronger and prices even hit a thousand dollars. In the second half of the year, there were a lot of liquid chlorine going downstream.
In October 2018, the Shandong provincial government issued a programme to accelerate the high-quality development of the seven energy-intensive industries, encouraging internal digestion of chlorine products, and planning to increase the local absorption rate of liquid chlorine from 59% to over 85%.
Figure 26: Liquefied chlorine prices (RM/t) Liquid chlorine is used as an important feedstock for the production of methane chloride as feedstock in the fluorine industry, and therefore price volatility and instability in the supply of liquid chlorine can have a greater impact on downstream products. Companies produce liquid chlorine, provide stable raw materials for the fluorine industry, and ensure the proper operation of the fluorine product, which is the company ' s companion.
The underlying causes of the chlor-alkali plate. 4.2 Capital investment is expected to raise the demand for falcon.
The company ' s main supply of salin is to the light, chemical, textile, etc. in the province, which is the first in Zhejiang province and is the dominant industry in the region. The company has now restructured its chlor-alkali products and phased out 100,000 tons per year of membrane and other devices, with an optimised increase of 460,000 tons of membrane and salin.
Since 2017, prices have remained low owing to structural supply-side reforms and tighter security and environmental regulations, as well as economic stability, the prices of salin products have continued to rise to their highest levels in nearly a decade. Since the second half of 2018, demand for the lower base has weakened, and the supply of products has been difficult and the radius has been increasing.
In terms of demand, aluminium oxide consumption accounts for 34%, paper for 14% and chemical industry for 16% of the lower base. The demand for aluminium oxide is large and stable, with 1 ton of aluminium oxide consuming an average of 0.16 to 0.18 tonnes. In 2018, aluminium oxide production was almost equal to that of the lower base.
It's always negative, but at the same time it's gradually rising, and the situation is getting better. 4.3 pvdc is a national specialty.
The company is now the only producer in the country, and seeks to make pvdc the world's largest, fully grown and of high quality. The pvdc resin is a highly barrier-free, resilient, cold-heated, heated, chemically stable, ideal packaging material with oxygen-proof, flood-proof, mold-proof, direct contact with food, excellent printing, etc.
At present, the company pvdc is the only autonomous intellectual property product in the country and has a 28 000 000/year pvdc new food packaging material device with over 60% of the domestic market, with the company ' s pvdc product being supplied mainly to the South River Double Sink Investment Development Company Ltd.
Food-processing companies such as the Pvdc Food Company Ltd., with awareness of the superior barrier performance of pvdc, the upgrading of domestic consumption and the raising of food safety awareness, and the development of multi-purpose varieties of pvdc and downstream processing technology, it is expected that the pvdc product series will be well funded with a targeted increase of 3.2 billion yuan in 2016, of which $535 million will be used to build 100 kt/a polyvinylene dichloroethylene high-performance barrier items.
In the current period, a, b, c, d, four, a, mainly producing pvdc resins and emulsions, b, building canisters, c, mainly producing vdc monomers, d, mainly producing pvdc emulsions. A, a, was completed in April 2017, and d, is still under construction.
The project will then further enhance the company’s competitiveness in pvdc products. 5. Electronic chemical materials are a strategic and emerging business block for companies.
In 2016, it is planned to raise $1,075 million in new shares, or one third of the total. As of 30 November 2017, $124 million, or 12 per cent of the total, had been invested, of which 124 million had already been invested in the high-purity electronic gas phase, and it is expected that 1,000 tons/year, 500 tons/year of high-purity chlorinated hydrogen and 1,000 tons/year of pharmaceutical-grade chlorinated hydrogen will be delivered.
In April 2018, they sold their wholly-owned subsidiaries, Cay Saints and Borret, to the China-Middle Gill, which is a consortium of companies and foundations, and the current company's electronic chemical material plate, which is under the banner of the giant core in the consortium.
Tons/year, and 5,000 tons/year for a buffer carving oxidizer. With a registered capital of 1 billion yuan, a low rate of capital indebtedness using cash to buy Kei San and Borret, the middle core has an excellent financial position. The middle core will be able to leverage financial leverage to develop electronic material operations, and it is expected that the middle core will occupy a seat in the field of electronic chemical materials.
Table 6: Investments in company electronic chemical plates 5.1 The electronic chemical material industry is in line with the directions of national industrial revitalization. Electronic chemical materials are also known as electronic chemical materials.
The total domestic production of e-chemicals increased from $21 billion in 2007 to $49 billion in 2015, corresponding to a recovery rate of about 11.2% per year for electronic chemicals as a priority for the future.
▪ Gross domestic e-chemical production (billion yuan) 5.2 Companies have a promising future for the development of electronic chemical material plates.
In comparison, the company ' s total revenue in this block was lower than its total revenue, at about 1%. The company ' s share in 2016 was above the 2016 level (as a result of the transfer of fully-owned subsidiaries, Zhejiang Kai St. Fluor Chemical Ltd. and Zhejiang Electronics and Technology Ltd., the business costs of electronic chemical materials in this section are divided into direct materials, direct labour fees and manufacturing costs, with direct materials accounting for up to 40% of the total.
The Māori sector was largely affected by raw material prices, with operating income falling by 5% in 2017 and Māori by 19%. Overall, the company’s capacity in 2018, q1, as a result of the increase in the cost of raw materials in 2017, reached 8813 tons, or more than one third of its total capacity in 2017, shows a firm’s determination to develop the plate.
Figure 34: Cost of operating electronic chemical materials as a proportion of total revenue costs Figure 35: Business income and profits of electronic chemical materials from companies Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East
5.3 The company's large scope for the future development of electronic and chemical material plates was approved by the company's Board of Directors at its seven tenth session and by the company's first interim shareholders' conference in 2018, and agreed that the company would have 100 per cent of its fully-owned subsidiary, Zhejiang Kai St. Flu Chemical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Key St. Company”) and Zhejiang Bori Electronics and Technology Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Bori”)
The company is now co-located with the National Integrated Circuit Industries Investment Fund, Inc. The National Integrated Circuits Industry Investment Fund is mainly co-sponsored by such companies as the Treasury, the Chinese tobacco industry, the IKN investment industry, and the Chinese mobile industry.
The aim is to invest in the integrated circuit chip manufacturing industry, taking into account the industries of chip design, seal testing, equipment and materials, and to implement market-based operations, special figure 38: Medium-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Technology Ltd., established in December 2017, with a registered capital of RMB 1 billion, focusing on the electronicization required for the semiconductor industry.
At present, there are two fully-owned subsidiaries, Zhejiang Kai St. Flu Chemical Ltd. and Zhejiang Bo Swe Electronic Technology Ltd., as well as two holding companies, which cover both e-wet chemicals and e-gas. The Sino-Heavy Technology Corporation has been rated as the top 10 companies specialized in electronics in the electronics industry in China in 2019.
6. The company is expected to compete heavily for cyclohexone, which is mainly used in industry as an organic synthetic feedstock and solvent, but also as an upstream raw material for oxymethamphetamine.
One hundred and forty thousand tonnes of devices are currently in production, and the remaining 60,000 tonnes/year of cyclohexone will be produced after completion of the process optimization, acceptance, etc. External sales will decrease as a result of the company’s increased sales of ephexaketone, which is mostly used for home-owned amphetamine production.
Our domestic anamide is mainly made of pure benzene, which is used downstream for the production of pa6 fibres and pa6 engineering plastics, of which the demand for pa6 fibres is about 66% of our total consumption and for pa6 engineering plastics is about 32%. By the end of 2016, downstream pa6 slices in early 2017, a large stock of traders caused price increases, followed by a sharp increase in the supply and price of raw benzene, which is already rapidly increasing.
After that, with the mass dive of commodities in March, particularly the drop in the price of pure benzene, which dragged them down, Iridium and pa6 slices approached the break-off of the cliff and then improved slightly, maintaining overall high price shocks in 2018, while the price of pure benzene operated at a low level, leading to a significant increase in the profitability of the homeoamide industry. Starting in 2019, the shock was reduced and the overall downward trend is expected.
For some time to come. Due to an increase in domestic supply, downstream demand and relatively stable prices of upstream raw materials and competition in the market for intraamide, figure 39: Prices of endamide and pure benzene of raw materials (RM/t) Table 7: Capability of domestic endamide production companies (tonnes/year)
7. Long-term developments in the areas of profitability and fluorinated polymers and fluorinated raw materials for profit forecasting and risk rating, covering for the first time a “recommended” rating. Core assumptions include:
The demand for the company ' s second-generation refrigerant r22 is strong and the domestic refrigerant quota policy is strictly enforced. (2) The company ' s three-generation refrigerant r134a, among others, can be delivered on schedule, while the company ' s own ahf production capacity remains stable, and the company ' s four-generation refrigerants have increased their research and development and achieved volume production.
The company’s chlor-alkali plate has a clear industrial advantage and continues to be associated with the fluorinated industrial plate. The development of China’s giant core technology company has met expectations.
Giant shares (600160): The project is not as fast as expected and the prices of raw materials are highly volatile.
East's financial and intellectual boom, mega-stocks, 600160: a brilliant fluorinated industry leader, Liu Woo-joo.
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Lau Qinghua University, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, PhD in Chemical Engineering, cfa witness, three years of chemical engineering experience.
Reviewers of first-class international academic journals, 5 national and foreign patents, more than 10 articles signed by leading international academic journals, cumulatively cited.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master of Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in overseas chemical industries, with specific recommendations or views directly or indirectly related to the accession in May 2018.
There is no guarantee, nor is there any guarantee, that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or a bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.