Southwest Securitization Group, mega-share (600160) product collating, and Chou Fengchun (Certificate of Practice No. 1250519080005).
Southwest Securities Research and Development Center, 60 years of growth from chlor-alkali, fertilizer to fluorinated workers.
In chlor-alkali, fertilizer operations Transition phase: Fluorine development in the 1990s Financial enabling: 1998 Giant Unit
Refrigerant grows into domestic taps, fluoropolymer in layout, chlor-alkali extension of operations
Consolidation of refrigerant status plus fluorinated material orientation All-industry chain (detailed version)
The pvdc series includes: intestinal membrane pvdc resins, fresh membrane pvdc resins, multilayered pvdc resins, pvdc emulsions; the dark colour frame is the company ' s main shareholder product, and the dotted line is the whole industry chain to be built or to be built (simplified version)
Product classification and corresponding up/downstream key industrial chains collating fluorinated industrial feedstock 1-Hyfluoric acid
Products: Pre/post-hydrofluorocarbon: Fluorine/Refrigerant Industrial chain status: Fluoride, hydrofluoric acid is an important feedstock for refrigerants and the most important base material for the entire fluorinated industrial chain.
Production processes: Hydrofluoric acid is produced by fluorescent and sulfuric acid through reaction, washing, purification, distillation, etc. The company currently has no fluorescent resources, all of which are outsourced.
The company cannot yet fully self-sufficiently purchase 230,000 tons of hydro-free hydrogen in 2018.
Products: Methane chlorinated (HCFCs, dichloromethane, chloroform, carbon tetrachloride) before/after: methanol, hydrogen chloride/refrigerant Industrial chain status: Mchlorochloride is an important feedstock for refrigerants.
Production processes: The main raw materials are liquid chlorine and methanol, which are produced through processes such as chlorination reaction, aqueous washing, distillation, re-use of hydrogen chloride, drying, etc. The company produces approximately 700,000 tons of methane chloride, 300,000 tons of self-sufficiency, and about 400,000 tons of methane chloride is sold out.
Methane chloride internal products can be regulated, key industrial chains are combed, key industrial chains are combed.
fluorochemical products 1 - Refrigerants Products: refrigerants (r22, r32, r125, r134a and mix) before/after: hydrofluoric acid, methane chloride/r22 - fluoropolymer
Industrial chain status: Refrigerant is the company ' s main product and contributes primarily to profits. Production processes: the main feedstocks are hydrofluoric acids and methane chlorides. Company r22 produces about 160,000 tons and refrigerant quotas about 70,000 tons, the second largest in the country.
The rest is used for the production of fluorinated polymers, with a capacity of 70,000 tons in company r and 30,000 tons in additional capacity.
fluorochemical products 2 - Fluorinated polymers Products: fluoropolymer (ptfe et al.) before/after: tfe/-
Industrial chain status: Extension of the fluorinated industrial chain. Production process: tfe is the basic feedstock that opens the fluoropolymers product series through processes such as polymerization, fission, etc.
tfe monolithic ptfe product Aggregation reaction
Cool condensation, centrifugal dryness, tfe production capacity of 50,000 tons, ptfe production capacity of 12,000 tons, hfp production.
Trigger, buffer, 15,000 tons, fep 3000 tons, fkm 3,000 tons.
Key industry chain collating Acrylic industry 1 - Endachlor (ingestion of hydrogen gas), filamentary (provision of chlorine gas)
Products: Pre/poster: hydrogen gas, benzene/-front/post: electro-stone/-
Industrial chain status: digestion of by-product hydrogen gas. Industrial chain status: ancillary hydrochloric acid production, hydrogen gas production. Corporate status: ownership of 150,000 tons of home ammonium production capacity.
Products: Fluorinated Polymer (pvdf) Products: Food Packing pvdc
Pre/poster: vdc(vcm)/pre/post: vdf (vdc/vcm/HFC)/-Industrial chain status: extension of the chlor-alkali + fluoride industry chain.
Industrial chain status: extension of the chlor-alkali chemical industry. Production processes: polymerization, centrifugalization, drying, etc. Production processes: polymerization, filtering, condensation, etc.
Company profile: 2500 tonnes of capacity, key industrial chain collating, fluorine intermediates - tce, pce
Products: tetrachloroethylene pce Product: pre/post trichloroethylene tce: acetylene, chlorine gas/r134a
Industrial chain status: Refrigerant must be one of the feedstocks. Industrial chain status: Refrigerant must be one of the feedstocks. Trichloroethylene is used mainly as solvents, cleaners, fluorine
Trichloroethylene is mainly used as a base material for fat extraction, fire extinguishers, smokescreen chemicals, and fluoroorganic compounds.
Companies: possession of 100,000 tonnes of trichloroethylene production refrigerant: downstream demand affected by air conditioners and related industries Refrigerant: downstream demand affected by air conditioners and related industries
www.swsc.com.cn Vehicle stock (millions) Refrigerants: The first generation of ozone-layer destroyers has completely phased out global refrigerant replacement upgrades to address ozone layer destruction
Refrigerants, also known as refrigerants, refrigerants, snow species, vectors for energy conversion, transfer heat from low temperatures to high temperatures.The first hole in the ozone layer was found in Antarctica in 1985, where the ozone layer absorbs most of the solar ultraviolet and frees life from harmful UV, while the hole in the ozone layer causes human health problems, reduced crop yields, marine life deaths, etc., and reduces the ozone layer by 1 per cent.
The global incidence of cataracts increased by 0.6 ~ 0.8 per cent and the number of blind people increased by 1-15 million. Perfluorocarbons (cfcs), commonly known as fluorine, were found to deplete the ozone layer, with the chlorine atoms being cycling with ozone after separation from ultraviolet radiation in the stratosphere, resulting in a sharp reduction in the amount of odious oxygen. To that end, in 1987, the Parties signed in Montreal to phase out the production and use of ozone-depleting substances.
Phase I phase-out of the Montreal Protocol has now been completed and global use of cfcs has ceased as of 2010. Refrigerants: second generation in the phase-out process, second generation and third generation refrigerant transition
Refrigerants are in the process of upgrading, with production and consumption of second-generation refrigerant r22 as non-materials frozen in 2013, reduced in 2015, total phase-out in developed countries by 2020, reduction of 35 per cent of the baseline in developing countries by 2020, and production of second-generation products issued annually in accordance with quotas, with total supply under strict control.
Third generation HFC refrigerants are hfcs (HFAs), with an odp value of o, which is currently the main alternative to second generation refrigerants, with the main varieties being hfc-134a, hfc-125, hfc-32, etc., and blended refrigerants with r410a by hfc-125 and hfc-32 by 1:1, r407c by hfc-134a, hfc-32, hfc-125 by 2:1. Future refrigerant alternatives are mixed with zero-dp, low.
gwp Green Environment Development. hcfcs Disabled Schedule 0.5% of annual average production and consumption for maintenance services.
An average of 2.5 per cent of annual production and consumption is allowed for servicing services. Refrigerants: zero odp, low gwp are trends Refrigerant classification and characteristics
Indicator 1: odp for atmospheric ozone depletion potential and gwp for global warming potential; Indicator baseline: odp for r11 is 1 unit and gwp for carbon dioxide is 1 unit
R22 Production quota concentration r141b Production quota concentration Refrigerants: total second-generation quota contraction, trend towards concentration
Distribution of production quotas (in tons), R22 2013-2019 www.5w5c.coii.cii Refrigerants: competition patterns
Current r125 competition patterns Current r134a competition patterns Refrigerants: Policies to support consumption demand
Some Opinions of the Central State Council of the Communist Party of China on the improvement of the institutional mechanism for the promotion of consumption and the further development of the consumer potential of the population
Implementation Programme for the Promotion of Automobile, Household and Consumer Electronics Renewal of Consumption and for the Promotion of Revolving Economic Development (2019-2020) Programme for the Implementation of the Programme for the Promotion of the Upgrading of Resource Recycling for the Upgrading of Priority Consumer Products (2019-2020) Opinion on Accelerated Development of Circulation for Commercial Consumption
Implementation Programme for Promoting the Renewal of the Consumption of Automobiles, Households and Consumer Electronics and Promoting the Development of the Cycle (2019-2020) (Appropriate comments encouraged consumers to pre-update home appliances such as high energy consumption and poor safety refrigerators (including freezers), washing machines, air conditioning, televisions, gas heaters, water heaters, electric water heaters, oil smokers, etc.).
Implementation Programme for the Upgrading and Upgrading of Resource Recycling for Priority Consumers (2019-2020)
20 policy measures to stabilize consumption expectations and boost confidence in consumption were proposed, including innovative flows development, fostering consumer hot spots, deepening the reform of “pipelace”, strengthening fiscal support, and optimizing the market environment. Refrigerants: supply and demand gaps will emerge for the second generation.
Promoting consumption-related policies At the supply end: r22 (ods) are subject to production quotas, which, under the Montreal agreement, were reduced by 35 per cent in 2020 r22 from 300,000 tonnes in the base year 2013 and the rate of start-up was reduced passively and quotas were gradually concentrated in leading enterprises.
We expect a demand of 45,000 tons if the R22 quota is used by the producing companies, assuming that the downstream air-conditioning companies respond to the cutbacks; 2) the domestic maintenance market needs about 130,000 tons, and maintenance needs are still growing, with domestic air-conditioning, automobiles and refrigerators remaining at a positive rate of 14 per cent, 12 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively, in 2013-2018, and we judge that maintenance needs will not decrease;
Refrigerants: Three Generations into Quota Management, Three Generations into Quota Management.
In October 2016, in Kigali, the capital of Rwanda, nearly 200 countries participating in the 28th meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Montreal Agreement agreed on and signed an agreement on the reduction of powerful greenhouse gases (hfcs) that would cause global warming. On 1 January 2019, the Kigali amendment to the Montreal Protocol entered into force: most developed countries would begin to reduce hfcs in 2019 and developing countries would do so in 2024.
Freezing consumption levels of hfcs, with a small number of countries freezing consumption of hfcs in 2028., r43-10mee, r32, r125, r143a, r41, r152, r152a, r161 and r23. r404a and r410a, etc., the text of the Kigali amendments
According to the Kigali amendment, developing countries such as China would freeze production and consumption of lfcs in 2024, using the average annual usage for 2020-2022, or the total supply of three generations of refrigerants in 2024 would be reduced only to zero. Given that four generations of refrigerants had not yet made a major commercial breakthrough, refrigerant companies would have pre-positioned their share, essentially in 2019 as the final entry window period.
Assumption: an additional 30,000 tonnes of 3 generations of refrigerant, with a construction cycle of 1 year, to be produced in early 2020/2011/202 and to be fully produced. Refrigerants: 3 generations of competitive patterns, 3 generations of refrigerant planned additional capacity (tonnes)
Refrigerant companies have proposed new production and capacity plans to capture their share, increasing supply concentration, with three generations of refrigerants, the most economical way to capture the share of the company, beginning in 2020.
We're predicting a limited physical landing of the additional capacity. 1) r32 is currently in a position of profit/loss balance, and some enterprises have no choice but to shut down, not to mention the future.
2) Devices have a 1- to 2-year life cycle from start-up to start-up, with some capacity not yet operational, built after 4 quarters Refrigerants: 3 generation competition patterns
Domestic r32 competition pattern Domestic r125 competition pattern  4 years
I'm in the middle of the Middle East, I'm in the North East, I'm in the North East, I'm in the North East.
Giant chemistry reports an increase of 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 10.
The country's r134a pattern of competition, which has become so tacky, so familiar with Akoma, Jiang Sumeran.
♪ The sun flutters ♪ ♪ Zhejiang ♪ ♪ Bang Su-yun ♪
I'm Sammi Zhejiang, I'm Water and I'm Dong-yo Group.
The Zhejiang is huge.
-Sam Dong-seong. He's used to be rich. He's a big player.
Chinese Taikura, Zhejiang Sanmi.
Jiang So-mi, Dong-woo Group, Centralized Blue Sky
Centralized Xian Refrigerants: Four generations of refrigerants represent the future Hfos HFOs (odp is o, low gwp)
Encouragement policy: 1) EU Mac Directive aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions from bus and light commercial vehicle air conditioning systems. The Directive requires that all vehicles sold in Europe be required to use refrigerants with GWPs of less than 150 as of 1 January 2017; 2) US EPA has approved the use of Hfo-1234yf refrigerants with low GWP as an alternative to r134a refrigerants, which is scheduled to be banned in 2021 for new bus and light truck vehicle air conditioning systems
On behalf of products: hf0-1234vf, hf0-1234ze, hf0-1233zd, etc., hf0-1234vf, an ideal alternative to r134a, hfo-1234vf is a 0dp to 0 and gwp to 4 refrigerant, the thermal performance is similar to that of r134a, which can be directly replaced by r134a (gwp = 1300) in existing auto air conditioning systems, which has been recognized in the Western European market and has been promoted in 2011, although Hfo-1234yf has light flammability and is slow to spread and is currently operating in the country
The use of the fourth generation of new air-conditioning refrigerants has not been promoted. Major producers: Cormew, United States of America, Hornewell, commonly known as Trio Fu, mega-stock, Japanese Xizu, French Akoma, often known as Trio Fu, mega-stock, Japanese Xizu, the United States, and the United States Hornewell Technical Cooperation Enterprise in Asia, which produces Hfo-1234vf, mainly in the United States, and the United States, Horne.
The process route: Hf0-1234yf is produced mainly from HUF6 (hfp) as feedstock, with patents concentrated in Komu, Honiwell, Akoma, Great Golden Fluoride, Nitrogen, and patent protection slows the process of national production of the technology and is mostly in the intermediate trial phase.
Tables 1hfo-1234yf and co2 Comparison of possibilities for application in auto-air conditioning F-gases in high-value-added areas where the fluoropolymers industry has significant potential for fluoropolymers production chain status
Fluorinated polymers consist mainly of: fluorine resins, fluorine rubbers and fluorine coatings, predominantly fluorinated resins In the fluorinated industrial chain: with product processing depths, products
Increased value added and profitability by geometry, while the main product of the fluorinated polymers in our country, the fluorinated resins, the fluorinated resin products product classification
The main sources of industrialization in China are ptfe, fep, pvdf, pvf, and mainly ptfe, while other fluorine resins are still under development and are projected (tons) for 2010-2020, according to China's “13th Five” Development Plan for the Fluorine Industry: by 2020, the production of fluorine in China is controlled.
At around 200,000 tons, the average annual growth rate was about 8 per cent; production of ptfe in fluorine polymers fluoropolymers represents product — ptfe “plastic kings” ptfe performance and uses during the “13-05” period
Polytetrafluoroethylene is a highly fluorinated polymeric material, known as "corruptible plastic king" by virtue of its superior heterogeneity. In particular, polytetrafluoroethylene has excellent corrosive properties.
• With corrosion resistant materials and heat resistant properties in the dry petrochemical industry, chemical corrosion resistant to all current plastics, temperature resistant range 195°C-250°C, capable of aerospace, atomic energy, electron power.
In the industry of gas, chemicals, machinery, instrumentation, etc., corrosion materials, insulation materials, etc., as materials resistant to high and low temperatures, durable • mechanical equipment without lubricating oils.
There is a gap between low wear and tear, small-discharge constants and the level of the process as compared to foreign countries.
The ideal insulation material for motors and transformers, pure inert, highly adapted organisms, fluorine, hydrofluoric acid, methanol, methane chloride.
• Rehabilitation solutions, surgical sutures, dichlorofluoromethane, tetrafluoroethylene production of sticky pots, etc.
Ptfee suspended resins, dispersive resins, concentrated dispersive fluids Suspended polymer process output ptfe suspended resins, emulsion polymer process output ptfe dispersed resins, with two main differences: particle size, morphology and particle size
Distribution, where the former is used for plastic processing and the latter for paste squeezing and clothing. ptfe, rods, film, fibre, perforated materials, filled modified products
Aerospace. Electronics, chemicals, textiles fluoropolymers for products - ptfe polytetrafluoroethylene material classification
Polytetrafluoroethylene product classification Fluoride polymers on behalf of product - ptfe polytetrafluoroethylene global capacity (tonnes)
Polytetrafluoroethylene Chinese energy production (t) tons Polytetrafluoroethylene exports and imports (t) tons Polytetrafluoroethylene downstream applications
Fluorinated polymers for products - ptfe polytetrafluoroethylene prices (US$/tonne)
China’s enterprises have formed a large number of excellent firms such as the Toyota Group, the Giant Shares, Mid-King Sungwang, Sami Fu, Jiang Sumeran, and Polytechnics as a competitive distribution of industries.
The country’s ptfe taps are the East End Group, the productive capacity of 35,000 tons, and mega-distortion.
The stock has an existing capacity of 12,000 tons, and companies are constantly developing and adding codes to ptfe. High-end ptfe prices are relatively stable, while ordinary ptfe resin prices are cyclical and more relevant to raw material prices: fluorine-hydrofluoric acid-
r22-tfe-ptfe. Fluorine polymer product - pvdf pvdf material presentation
Pvdf is a confluoride of fluoroethylene or fluoroethylene with other fluoroethylene-based monomers with good chemical corrosivity, high temperature, oxidability, resistance, radioactivity and special performances such as voltage, intermediate, thermal, etc.
Gas, voltage, lithium and building coatings, etc. Fluorine polymer products — pvdf pvdf classification and downstream applications
pvdf product-specific fractions: coating grade pvdf resin, solar backboard membrane with pvdf resin, water treatment membrane with pvdf resin, wire cable, pvdf resin with pvdf resin, lithium battery glue with pvdf resin.
The two uses of solar backboard membrane and lithium battery glue, which are the most widely used, are higher demand for pvdf resins, and higher market potential for pvdf resins for water treatment membranes. There is an increase in demand for pvdf in traditional paint, chemical preservation.
The growth in demand is not as high as expected. New energy areas, such as lithium cell glue, and environmental areas, such as water-coated membrane, will become new demand growth points for pvdf.
Fluorine polymer products - pvdf Foreign and domestic pvdf energy statistics China has a large share of pvdf resin production worldwide, but pvdf thin film producers
Pvdf, which is currently produced by domestic companies, is used mainly for fluorine coatings, some of which meet the requirements of lithium battery glue. pvdf film is processed from pvdf resins using a certain plastic processing method.
The pvdf film industry is a technology-intensive, capital-intensive industry, industry entry.
At present, the main domestic producers of pvdf film are: Hangzhou Fukuya New Materials Technology Inc., Zhejiang Gore New Materials Ltd. China’s pvdf film market has long been dominated by Dubon Corporation, Korea Skc, etc.
In 2017, the Chinese pvdf film produced about 200 million square metres, and the market share of imported products, our pvdf resins grew rapidly from 2014 to the end of 2017.
The country's total production capacity is about 80,000 tonnes/year, which is about 70% of the world's total. The main producers are Trio Fu, Akoma, Centralized Blue Sky, East Foe, etc. Fluorine polymer products — faep.
Polyfluoroethylene (fep) is a confluoride of tetrafluoroethylene and hexafluoropropene, short f46, hexafluoropropylene content of about 18%, and is a modified material of tetrafluoroethylene.
Outside fluoroethylene, other properties, such as corrosive, electrical and physical mechanical properties, are comparable, while air-resilient and cryogenic properties are better than polyfluoroethylene and have good bonding strength with glass, gold, etc.
There are three main types of feed production processes: emulsion polymerism, suspension polymerism, and supercritical polymerization. The emulsion polymerism response is easy to control, but the product is unstable; the suspended polymer is available for larger particles, the reaction process is often low and the response rate is slow; and the hypercritical polymer product is pure.
High, environmentally friendly, but highly reactive, requiring high fluoropolymers for equipment - fkm fluorine rubber fkm is currently mainly used to produce high temperature, oil-resistant, medium-resistant rubber.
Products, such as seals, diaphragms, tubes, ducts, etc., can also be used in electrical wires, outer skins, corrosion liners, etc. As China’s automobiles, aerospaces, petrochemicals, etc., develop, demand is expected to remain around 8% in the future.
Global fkm production capacity in 2017 was about 4.77 million tons, with annual consumption of 3.35 million tons, and international production was mainly composed of Komu, Dakin, Solvi, 3m, etc. In 2017, domestic fkm production capacity was about 20-30 million tons, yielding 155,000 tons, with a start rate of 66 per cent.
There are few high-performance products for fkm in the country, and the main production firms are the East Foe Group, Nemono Topu, Jiang Sumeyland, morning luminum, Zhejiang Fonolin, mid-morning morning light, etc.
The chlor-alkali extension product, pvdc polyvinyl chloride (pvdc), is a highly barrier-free polymer with a linear polymer chain structure connected to the headtails, with strong intercondensation, high crystallization and, due to the irrigation of chlorine atoms in molecules, no hydrogen keys can be formed, oxygen molecules and water molecules are difficult.
Pvdc products include emulsifiable fluids and resins. The emulsion can be used directly to make coatings of pvdc membranes, while the resin can be used for intestinal membrane, fresh film preservation, heat harvest.
The following are the main applications: soup, snacks, boiling bags, medical, dry food, stretching, sauce, meat products, liquids, soybeans, electronics, chemical packaging, etc. In food packaging, the pvdc film is available for meat products, food convenience, dairy packaging, not only lightly and quickly, but also to ensure that the colour, flavour and taste of food are essentially the same as that of paper.
(b) In the case of pharmaceutical kits, the pvdc compound packaging not only facilitates, but also ensures the shelf life of the drug with good resistance and resistance; and in the case of electronic packaging, the pvdc film can be used as a packaging material for hardware products, mechanical parts, etc., which can be oil-resistant, flood-proof, etc.
The shelf life of electrical appliances The chlor-alkali extension product, pvdc, currently in developed countries, has more than 60 per cent of food drugs, chemicals, electronics in circulation on the market
Products, etc. are packaged in pvdc. In the United States and North and South America, the demand for pvdc resin in packaging alone exceeds 15,000 tonnes/year; about 60% of Japanese and Korean foods, pharmaceuticals, chemicals and electronics are packaged in pvdc resins.
In the United States and Japan, the packaging rate is about 80 to 90%, and in China it is less than 5%. China currently consumes only 0.002 kg per capita, or 8% of Japan.
With the increase in modern packaging technology and environmental requirements, the demand for the pvdc membrane in our country has grown rapidly, with a projected demand for the pvdc membrane of 93,000 tons in 2021 and a global pvdc membrane capacity of approximately 240,000 tons in 2017, yielding about 188,000 tons, with an average annual growth rate of 5.6 per cent in 2012-2017.
And 3.9 per cent of the country ' s total capacity in 2017 was 95.2 million tons, or about 71,000 tons. The country ' s pvdc is used mainly for the production of intestinal membrane, or about 80 per cent, while the rest are for fresh membranes, pharmaceutical packaging, electronics packaging, etc., and the country ' s pvdc production enterprises are mainly mega-stocks, Tsilu petrochemicals, Zhejiang East Yang City Wild Plastics Ltd., and Henan Double Exchange Investment Development Co. Ltd.
Fluorinated industrial feedstock - hydrofluoric acid Domestic hydrofluoric acid-related policy Fluoride industrial feedstock - hydrofluoric acid supply end analysis
Current production and distribution of hydrofluoric acid in China, 2018
Hydrofluoric acid distribution is similar to that of fluorescent producers, whose production processes are very demanding for environmental protection, safety, etc., mainly in Jiangxi, Fujian, Zhejiang and Inner Mongolia.
In recent years, we have achieved a high annual capacity of 30,000-50,000 tonnes per year in single enterprises, with a large and fragmented industry, with a Zhejiang Sanmi.
Less than 50 per cent; environmental high-pressure continued in 2018, with an energy utilization rate of about 61 per cent for hydro-hydrogens; 150,000 tons of production was led, with a combined capacity of 2,011,000 tons in 2018.11 Hydrofluoric acid — demand side, import and export patterns, price trends
The price trends of hydrofluoric acids review the patterns of HFA imports and exports in recent years and the pattern of HFA imports and exports in recent years
Since 2005, there have been a proliferation of hydrofluoride projects in various parts of the country, and our hydrofluoride industry has moved into productive capacity. In recent years, the closure of overseas fluorine mines and the closure of hydrofluoric acid production have led to some expansion of demand.
Turning to China, our exports of hydrofluoric acid grew steadily. In 2017, 13 of the more than 30,000 tons became the world’s largest production base for hydrofluoride, with 25.27 million tons exported, or about 25 per cent of total domestic production.
Since 2008, there has been a significant decrease in the excess capacity of our hydrofluoride production, and the downward consumption structure of our hydrofluoric acid (HFA) in 2018, with a change in the country ' s water-free hydrofluoric acid market in the first half of 2017 to a low level in the last five years, has been significant.
This upward trend is due mainly to the high prices of raw fluorescent and sulphuric acid, the high levels of environmental stress, the limited availability of dangerous chemicals, and the lack of water-free hydrofluoric acid. In 2018, the country continued to experience high levels of environmental stress, with a utilization rate of about 61% for hydrofluoride production, and the city of hydrofluoric acid.
The price of hydrofluoric acid fell in mid-April, close to the cost line, and the factory’s start-up rate was inadequate. The summer has now come, and prices are now on the rise in the refrigeration sector.
In June, prices rose by 22 per cent to around $11,000, and the country's downstream demand was mainly for HFC products (mainly refrigerants), which accounted for 65 per cent.
Hydrofluoric acids are described and classified as hydrohydrofluoric acid or technical hydrofluoric acid purified by distillation, superpurified water and made of high-purity and super-purified electricity following processes such as ultrafilteration of less than 0.2 μm
Sub-grade hydrofluoric acid, which is used primarily for the removal of oxidants, is widely used for chip, silicon, etc. in integrated circuits, solar photovoltaics and liquid crystal displays.
The cleaning and etching of glass-based panels, as well as the fluorinated chemicals used to analyse reagents and prepare high purity. The purity and cleanness of electro-grade hydrofluoric acids have a very important impact on the production, electrical performance and reliability of integrated circuits.
According to purity and purity, it can be divided into five levels: el, pup, pups, pups, pupsss, and so forth, of which pups, pupsss, are two levels of the current top purity. More than 50 of the semiconductor systems require high purity hydrofluoric acid.
About 70 per cent was used for cleaning, 30 per cent for etching, and the most advanced semiconductor required purity up to 99.999 per cent hydrofluoric acid.
China ' s Electronic Level Hydrofluoric Acid Production Enterprise Capability 2018 China ' s Electronic Level Hydrofluoride Industry Development History Electronic Level Hydrofluorate Demand Structure
The domestic fluorine industry has shifted more multiple hearts to electrons.
On & Acid, the industry gets 200 years of hydrofluoric acid, subgrade hydrofluoric acids with half a difference.
Non-hydroxyacetic acids provide raw material for the electron level hydrofluoric acid, while helium in China.
Long, the industry has moved to scale, the Oxygen industry has just begun, and Tetsu has not introduced electron-grade hydrofluoride.
• Quantified Development Order National Standard Year for Acid) Electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids are used primarily for oxidation removal and should be used in semiconductive systems
Electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids are used mainly in integrated circuits, solar photovoltaics, and liquid crystal displays, the first of which is one of the most used electronic chemicals.
A major application market is in the area of integrated circuits.
The area with the greatest potential for growth in the demand for hydrofluoric acid in China, 2010-2018, is the electron level hydrofluoric acid, which currently accounts for its share of the demand for hydrofluoric acid.
In China, the semiconductor sector grew rapidly in 2017, driving the rapid growth of the electronic-grade hydrofluoride sector.
Sub-grade hydrofluoride rises in reverse position and continues to add code-based energy. Fluorine-electronic hydrofluoric acid (EHFA) National electro-hydrofluoric acid (EHFA) presents an opportunity to develop.
Japan accounts for 90 per cent of the total production capacity of the world i, 70 per cent of the total capacity of the electronic stage hydrofluoride, most of the requirements of the three-star electronics, lig and sk plants in Korea are also imported from Japan, and the findings of the Korea Trade Association indicate that Korea ' s high-purity hydrofluoride dependence on Japan is 93.7 per cent, its photoresist 91.9 per cent, and its fluoropolyamide 43.9 per cent.
Key materials need to be reviewed for three months, when Samsung, Hercules, etc. are at risk of being cut off as stocks run out. South Korea is now actively looking for alternative manufacturers, urging local Korean firms to upgrade their supply capacity, and engaging with the mainland's Kesang Flute Chemical and Coastal Group, and we believe that this Japanese sanctions event provides an unprecedented window for Chinese firms to enter the Korean semiconductor supply chain.
Zhejiang Bori Electronics and Technology Ltd. has high-purity chlorine gas (500 tonnes/year) and electro-grade hydrogen chloride (1,000 tonnes/year): Zhejiangcai St. Fluorine Chemical Ltd. currently has ppt-grade hydrofluoric acid, sulphuric acid, nitrate, hydrochloric acid, ammonia, ammonium fluoride, Boe for the manufacture of 12 inches of integrated circuits
In 2018, the stock was transferred to the center core, and the price was paid for the mega-containment of Zhejiang Bo through the center core.
It's 939 million dollars, 100% of which is made up of Borret, 737 million dollars for each of the shares of Rue Wirtschaftsprüfer and Zhejiang Kai St. Flu.
Giant shares, Zhejiang Bori Electronics, Zhejiang Kai San Fluorinated
Accompanied product 1-hehexamide Accompanied product 1-hehexamide
The industry is expanding rapidly, from 550,000 tons in 2010 to 3.7 million tons currently, with 800,000 tons of new production capacity remaining between 2019 and 2020, and a gradual reduction in domestic export dependence on endamide, with annual imports of over 600,000
Tons have fallen to about 200,000 tons at present, but some of the high-end end end end end of the anesthesia still needs to be imported, and it is hoped that full self-sufficiency will be achieved in the future.
Accompanied product 1-Henonyl amide Slow down production in 2018 and environmental inspection has resulted in more overhaul of the antimony device, resulting in a supply order for antimony market in 2018
Part of the tension, with an additional capacity of about 200,000 tons in downstream cassiterite, boosts the demand for aminoamide and maintains a significant profit overall in 2018. In 2019, the co-exploitation of the aminoamide and the downstream americium began, although it began to expand simultaneously.
In the long run, more and more manufacturers are developing the industry chain of benzene-hexamide, and in the coming years, competition for home amphetamine is becoming more intense and isolated.
Intra-amide devices will no longer have the advantage. Boiling is a common chemical and is used in a wide range of applications.
For example, aluminium oxide production, paper production, textile printing organic inorganicization, light industry, petroleum refining
In the fields of water treatment, medicine, synthesis and membrane, early diaphragm.
The process, which is inefficient in production, is largely non-used and is generally membrane-based.
Since the supply side reforms, excess capacity has gradually subsided, and the industry continues to concentrate on the vanguards.
Focus on analysis - mega-equity, focus on analysis - mega-equity, steady recovery, including hydrofluoric acid, etc.; price protection for petrochemical products and other fluorinated raw materials
(of which 70,000 tons are fluorinated polymers), 70,000 tons, 350,000 tons, 680,000 tons, or about 160,000 tons in 2020 r22 (of which about 110,000 tons are for the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There is no conflict of interest between the company and the author, to the extent that they know it, and the securities evaluated or recommended in this report, that requires disclosure or the adoption of restrictive or silent measures.