Starwoo shares (601799.sh) Quarterly net profit ring increase of 9 per cent, product upgrades, client transitions 7.3 per cent, fuel fuel vehicle drops of 16.4 per cent, and the company is dominated by customer-structured fuel trucks
Quarterly harvests achieved a stronger outperformance, and subsequent companies’ share of new energy customers is expected to rise. The front lamp continues to upgrade from the led-adb-dlp, with the company’s headlights expected to reach 15% in 2022.
In 2021, the city accounted for 14.6 per cent, compared to +0.3 pct. In 2022, new orders, new productions, new products continued to break through.
Forty-one vehicle-type light development projects, resulting in 23 new vehicle-type project batches, and high-quality new projects providing strong security for the future development of the company.
The R & D Centre has been partially operational, and construction projects such as the Smart Industry Garden Model Factory and Phase Five are well under way. Star Stock (601799.sh) - Strategic collaboration with Horizon to advance “line products, companies have in recent years intensified the development and application of new technology for carlights, including dlp based on dmd technology”
Starwood shares (601799.sh) - The company intends to buy back shares to stimulate continuous recommendation of smart front lights, hd brain front lights based on microlled technology, pixel display interactive lights based on microlled/mini led technology, development of carlight controller hcm/rcm/lcu, mooring one.
The net profit for the first three quarters increased by 75 per cent over the same period, in areas such as the development of products related to the development of a net-interested intelligent driving.
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for S.A., Figure 5: Māori and net interest rate for S.A., Figure 8: Changes in cost for S.A., IV
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of the four shareholdings in Starwoo stock: Overall, there was a decline in stock customers, with incremental models concentrated in new forces and autonomous brands. 202,301 star camp harvests increased by 9.84 per cent, sales of domestic passenger vehicles declined by 7.3 per cent in the first quarter of the year, and fuel by car fell.
16.4%, the company achieved a strong out-of-stake performance in the first quarter of the year against a background of a client-structured fuel vehicle, with the company’s new energy client ratio expected to rise. According to the client group, the output of Starbone 2301, Chiré, Toyota, Red Flag, East Wind, Hiro and Toyota increased at a similar rate.
Figure 9: Annual comparison of annual rates of increase in vehicle/car sales and rate of increase in shareholding at Starwood: Figure 10: Quarterly comparisons of vehicle/car sales and rate of increase in shareholding at Starbucks At the end of the industry, current trends in technology for lights tend to be digitized and intelligent.
With regard to post-combined lamps, there is a clear trend towards the development of the trans-vestigated lights, which increase the size of the vehicle's tails and make the vehicle more attractive.
On the small light side, the domestic atmosphere is a new growth point because of consumer-specific demands. At the same time, car interior lights, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are increasingly being used by major companies, product dimensions are strengthening new technology development applications, and customer dimensions are constantly increasing the start of new energy vehicle-type projects.
Product dimensions, companies strengthening the development and application of new technologies, and synergies through industrial chains (Rain Soft Horizon, on the one hand, the company has in recent years enhanced the development and application of new technology for lights and introduced new products such as the light controller, the "Mobble One" solution.
Forelights, hd smart headlamps based on microlled technology, pixel-based interactive lights based on microlled/miniled technology, development of carlight controllers hcm/rcm/lcu, development of products related to a mooring-as-one intelligent driver.
On the other hand, on October 15, 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed in Hangzhou between Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd., which will be based on the design of rainbow soft technology for smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and the ability to develop innovations in whole-shelter visual algorithms and applications.
In addition, the horizons had previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million.
The strategy for financing, acquisition of a large number of car industry companies, including the Sorbonne shares, has been strengthened. Figure 17: Rainbow Soft Technology Capabilities, Figure 18: Roadmap
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd., China, held a signing ceremony for a letter of intent to cooperate in light-line smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will share their respective advantages and benefits, with the aim of serving global customers, and will cooperate strategically in the area of smart-car lights.
Close strategic partnerships to build sustainable development. The two sides will build smart car lamps from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, lead the development of the smart car light industry, create a sustainable and leading intellectual light system solution competitiveness in industry, and will fully engage in other business collaborations in the area of smart vehicle lighting.
We believe that the entry of dlp projector lamps and adb lights into the market is both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-light companies, that industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry, and that as stars, together with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic advantages, can be expected to be enhanced by their own traditional architecture, optical and electronic design.
The continued pre-occupation of forward-looking product development has widened the gap between the brands of other autonomous domestic car lamps.
Standard Chip Plus Algorithms is the core base, building on the accumulated experience of Starwood in the field of intelligent manufacturing over the years, using as entry points “Drop One”, with the objective of operational cooperation “to comply with the rules of the car, to achieve production levels, to meet delivery”, and strategic partners such as the United Nations mainframe plant, spare parts suppliers, etc., working together to advance the amount of the “Pour One Solution”
The horizon had previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million in financing to secure strategic support for a large number of car industry firms, including the Star stock, up and down the chain. Figure 20: Star stockings have made strategic collaboration with the horizon.
The solution, based on the horizon's 3-car code chip, has been officially identified in the country and is expected to produce in 2023. The program uses only a single drive ~3, coupled with a single drive.
The sensor configuration of 5r6v can easily achieve a level-I2+ car support, including a variant aid; in the same way, the time-use of computing resources can be optimized through software and algorithms, and a combination of parking support features, such as parking, can be achieved on the same soc chip. The program has fully excavated the drive3 through a unique software architecture design.
The potential to enhance product competitiveness at a high cost, thereby enabling more entry-type end-users to experience the benefits of berthing support. Next, the Sorrow shares will further expand the sequence of intellectually driven products.
The development of the intelligent vision controller is being synchronized with the traditional smart camera, the Star-based research and development experience of 30 years in the area of car lights, which will integrate visual sensing techniques and smart light control, giving the lights a stronger sense and interactive ability to upgrade their product.
The high-calculus computing platform products of the serial chip series are also ready for launch and will support piloting at the functional level for high-level intellectual and intellectual applications, such as driving aids, memory parking, smart light control. Based on the serial chip series and other intelligent driving frontier technologies, the horizons develop "one berth" for the stars.
This strategic collaboration will fully facilitate the organic integration of their multi-sector operations, jointly actively explore intelligent front-line technologies, and develop market-led smart car products.
In 2022, the company took over 41 vehicle-type light development projects and achieved 23 new vehicle-type project batches.
From 1 January to 15 March 2022, the company took on a new project order of about RMB 4 billion. According to the lights, new orders were made on a continuous basis, using their product competitiveness, providing strong guarantees for the company’s future development.
In the first half of 2022, the company accounted for about 40% of the new energy vehicle projects, and the quality of the new projects provided a strong guarantee for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover a single-voltage population, the upper-air population, the upper-air general, Daimler, the German BMW, the general-purpose automobile, the upper-air Toyota, the larger-air Toyota, the more developed and the more developed.
Aerobics Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anmazuta, a red flag, a car, a car, a car freeing, Gilly, a car-in-air Mitsubishi, a car-in-car, a car-in-car, a car-in-car, a car-in-law, a car-in-law car, a car-in-law car, a car-in-a-kind car, a car-in-a-kind car, etc.
On 14 July 2022, the Global Partnership Assembly of the Visioned Car 2022 was held in Changzhou, where Starwood was invited to participate as a strategic partner of the ideal automobile and was awarded the "Riprostom Award" for the year 2022.
On March 14th, 2023, the Toyota Award for Quality was awarded with the highest award ever awarded to the supplier by Hironobun Toyota for the year 2022. The award was awarded on an extremely strict basis and was presented with the high recognition of the quality of the product and professional and efficient service of Hironobun.
The company’s electronics and lighting research and development centre for automobiles is now partially operational, and construction projects such as the smart industry gardening plant, the fifth phase, etc. are well under way.
Short-term dimensions, coupled with downstream new vehicle-type projects, the company's 2022q4 harvests outperformed the industry by 7.87 pct (mortality of vehicle output - 6.42%). Medium- and long-term dimensions, new orders from Star-woo shares + new products + new production to protect performance. Client dimensions, currently happy collaboration between Star-woo and the Japanese system.
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy vehicles carried by the company was about 40 per cent, and throughout 2022, the company took over 41 vehicle-type light development projects.
Twenty-three new vehicle-type projects, high-quality new projects, high-quality new projects that provide strong guarantees for the future development of the company, production dimensions, partial use of the company ' s electronics and lighting research and development centre, normal progress on construction projects such as the Import and Industrial Modelling Plant, phase five, product dimensions, and continuous penetration of adb (infiltration)
The rate rose from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 6 per cent in 2020, and as new technologies, such as dlp projector lamps and ddb lights, began to enter the market, Stars strengthened new technology development applications, high-resolution digital lights were developed in the first half of 2022, successful and received high c-ncap ratings, and companies continued to promote adb headlights, dlp headlights and climate lights.
On February 15, 2023, Star and Horizon signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Changzhou to jointly promote the production of the "Mobile One Solution" based on a 3-car chip development program.
In 2023, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance with the release of new products, such as car-type orders plus overseas plants+adb, and the "loose one" solution.
On the long lanes, we take steps towards high-end modernization (Japanese, German), globalization (Serbian construction) and actively develop head autonomy and new power in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces.
Boda, the sound-disrupting conglomerate, Inc. conducts comparable corporate valuations (comparable to the market value of the company or close to the business field), with four comparable companies accounting for an average of 20 times the average of pe in 2024. We maintain the one-year view of the report, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author