The speed of coal power growth is slowing down, wind power operations are running out of money, power equipment, other equipment ii.
(b) Slower growth in coal power performance, with wind power operations running out of profit. 24h1 company ' s profits on nuclear power and power station services increased sharply, wind operations lost out of profit, but coal power operations slowed down, and engineering and trade operations were under pressure.
This led to a decline in the company’s performance. Of this amount, 24H1 coal panels collected $852 billion, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year; and gross interest rates 16 per cent, a decline of 3 pcts in the same year. The rate of 24H1 Mār. We estimate 24H1 coal power plants to have fallen as a result of the company’s centralized delivery of some of the low-cost orders made prior to the increase in the current round of coal power approvals.
The net profit from the contribution was about 630 million yuan, or 1 per cent more than in the same year; the net profit from the power station service business was about 760 million yuan, or 49 per cent more than in the same year; the net profit from the nuclear power contribution was about 240 million yuan, or 321 per cent more than in the same year; the net profit from the wind power contribution was about 004 million yuan, or a loss of about 160 million yuan, or 143 per cent lower in the same year;
The 24h1 company signed a new order of 56.7 billion yuan and the coal electricity order remained high. The 24h1 company signed a new order, Eastern Electric (600875.sh), which grew by more than 30 per cent throughout the year, and the coal power project, which was built at a remarkable speed, was expected to benefit from the delivery of the order.
Eastern Electric (600875.sh) - The company's profits are steadily increasing, with a new single-ring increase of coal power approved by 22.2gw, a decline of 57% in the same year; the start of 62.1gw, a 29% increase in the same year, with a significant acceleration in construction. The company is one of the country's main equipment manufacturers for coal-fired machines, with a city share of about 40%.
Eastern Electric (600875.sh) - Seawater-free in situ hydrogen technology was successfully tested, the company had a complete energy equipment development system, and various sectors, such as the 1000mw class engine, large circulation beds, boilers and others, were in the vanguard of the industry and were expected to benefit from the delivery of additional coal-fired equipment.
Risks of less than expected progress in the construction of cruise energy projects; increased competition in the windmill industry. Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate return (billions, per cent) Figure 5: Net profit and increase in corporate non-repatriation (billions, per cent)
Figure 6: Company single-season non-mortality net profit and rate of increase (Billions, %) 24h1 Māori rate has fallen in the same year and the cost rate has risen in the same period. 24h1 Māori rate is 15.4 per cent, compared to Figure 8: Māori rate for company single-quarters, changes in net interest rates (%)
Figure 9: Changes in costs over the company period (%) Coal power performance slowed and wind power operations lost a profit. 24h1 company increased profits on nuclear power and power station services, wind and power operations lost a profit, but coal power operations slowed down, and engineering and trade operations lost a profit.
Of this total, 24H1 coal panels received $852 million, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year; and the Māori rate of 16 per cent, a decrease of 3 pcts in the same year. We estimate that 24H1 coal power equipment contributed about $630 million in net profits, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year; the power station service operations contributed about $760 million in net profits, an increase of 49 per cent in the same year; and the nuclear power contribution, a net profit of about 240 million yuan, an increase of 321 per cent in the same year;
The net profit from wind and electricity contributions is about $0.04 billion, a loss of $ 160 million, a decline of 143 per cent, and the net profit from other contributions is about $ 230 million. Of this, the coal-based clean and efficient energy supply plate, with a new 25.34 billion yuan contract for 24h1, a growth rate.
Energy security and support demand are increasing, and coal power construction is progressing. According to the General Institute of Electricity and Regulation, new sources of reliable security are expected to be understretched by the tight supply of electricity across the country. Plans for new sources of support, such as fire power, need to be put in place. There is a need to accelerate the development of identified coal power and, in due course, to plan a new supply reserve project to build coal.
In January-August 2024, 22.2gw was approved for new coal power nationwide, a decline of 57 per cent over the same period; work began on 62.1gw, a 29 per cent increase over the same period, and project construction increased significantly.
According to a study carried out by the Mechanical Industries Centre for Power Generation Equipment on the execution of hand orders, in 2024, the national power plant was set up to produce an estimated 88gw units, an increase of 15 per cent from the previous year; Eastern Electric is one of the country's main equipment manufacturers for coal-fired units, with a complete energy equipment development system and a fire.
Annual sales of company turbine generators, power station turbines and power station boilers were 30.7/42.8/23.2gw, with a rate of 61 per cent/55 per cent/35 per cent for production, while the market share of turbine generators and power station turbines continued to be raised according to the National Development and Revision Commission and the National Energy Authority, published in November 2021, on the implementation of the National Coal Power Unit Renovation Programme
The objective mentioned in the upgrade notice is that the flexibility of the coal-power unit should be modified to facilitate clean energy consumption.
In April 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued a joint circular to accelerate the development of pumping energy during the "145" period.
In 2023, an additional 64.6gw was approved, a 6 per cent decrease over the previous year, but on a much larger scale than historical construction. Eastern Electric is one of the major equipment manufacturers in our pumping unit, with an overall advanced level of development in the industry.
Key technologies have achieved international leadership in the manufacture of machine products ranging from 50 metres to 850 metres, with capacity ranging from 10mw to 450mw, with a domestic market share of 38 per cent, and are the country ' s first power-generating equipment manufacturing enterprise with the capacity to develop and debureaurate a pump unit, which will continue to benefit from the boom in the pumping energy industry.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject