A review report from Sky Forum Organisms (600161), 14/01 2020 — A review of the 2019 performance of Skyfare Organisms.
On 13 January, the company issued an advance announcement on its performance for 2019, expected to achieve a net return profit of 614 million, which is expected to be met throughout the year, and the issuance of a solid release, which, according to the preliminary accounting of the forecast data, would result in a net return profit of 321 million yuan in the second half of the year, compared to last year.
Overall, the company’s performance for the entire year 2019 was largely in line with expectations.
The increase in city occupancy and speed is evident, with 1,041 million bottles (+71.0 per cent) issued and distributed throughout the year, with multiple product markets ranked 1/2th in the country. • New slurry stations, new products, new factories are moving in a synchronized and orderly manner, and the future can be expected
In 2019, 1706 tons of slurry (+8.8 per cent) were achieved and, in 2019, the country slowed down its new open slurry station, resulting in the establishment of one new slurry station (Gamsu Sasakawa) and the addition of three new slurry stations (Jonxi District Division).
In 2020, the company is expected to continue to rely on slurry: largely in line with expectations, strong performance growth, 2019.10.24 station advantage, and the slurry volume is expected to continue to grow; the company is working well on its varieties and recombining its condensation factors.
Preparations have been completed for viii, cavity factor viii, ecclesiastical high-purity static, and fibrous pyrotechnics to enter the iii clinical phase at point 2,019h1, pcc clinical declaration, and the introduction of new potential species is expected to inform the company.
In a new dynamic; a new factory for the creation of the Endurance Blood and Yunnan Biological Products is being built in an orderly fashion, with the hope of releasing productive capacity to boost performance. The skyspills have been re-established, with the most powerful sources of magma and distribution channels, and the value of the business is being re-established.
Liu Hyemin’s products are not developed as expected, slurry is not as much as expected, and new plants are built and productive as expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.