Performance meets expectations, slurry growth is stable, and performance is high - Sky Forum bio-performance forecasts are issued 2019, company performance forecasts are issued 2019 and returns are achieved in 2019
The net profit of the mother is 614 million yuan, an increase of about 21 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-return of the mother is 613 million yuan, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother of the mother is approximately 147 million yuan in the single quarter of the same year; the increase of 30 per cent in the single quarter is 30 per cent in the same year; the increase of q1, q2 and q3 is higher in the same year, mainly due to the higher costs identified in the last year ' s q4 quarter and the lower base.
In 2019, it was shown that the annual supply and demand of the blood products industry had increased by about 30 per cent over the same year, 10 per cent over the same year, and that the increase in the volume was expected to guide income growth, as well as root.
The amount of slurry increased by about 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and in 2019, given that the slurry volume was transferred to other blood systems, the overall slurry scale increased and the actual slurry volume increased even more, and according to company announcements, seven slurry stations were approved (one of which was newly approved in September in Lanzhou County).
Among them, the Eibin station (2020.1), the Xiaoxi substation of the Xiaoyang station (2019.07) and the Yunnan slurry station (end of 2018) were cleared for slurry, and the old slurry station is still expected to have about 10 per cent of its lift space, with a cumulative contribution of nearly 610 tons of slurry in volume and a projected increase in slurry in volume over the three years.
The speed will be equal to the rate of slurry growth, with 21 years of life-saving blood products delivered, productive energy released and new products put into production (viii + siltc) and performance significantly improved. Since the specific annual report was not published, we have not yet adjusted the profit forecast, and we expect the company to make a net profit for 19-21 years.
At the top of the historical valuation, but given the steady growth of corporate slurry, the high degree of certainty of growth, and 21 years after the birth of a lifeless blood product, the release of capacity and the commissioning of a new product (viii factor + siltc.), performance 1. Atoll organisms (600161).
2. The annual report of Sky Forum organisms (600161), and the quarterly evaluation: Product price volatility risk, policy risk, safety risk, under-integrated risk, new capacity building, blood growth over-expected, validation of management improvement logic
The company’s financial statement projections are summed up, with two years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, four years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and in November 2019, with the addition of the private sector securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.