□ Performance is in line with expected technological upgrades, and the layout responds downstream to changes in the industry, benefiting from a rapid growth of 52% in the production of new energy vehicles in 2016, where companies have achieved a higher than 70% increase in the net profit of both harvests and returns. This is also in line with the company ' s first battery of lithium power cells.
By the end of 2016, the company power cell production could total about 5.5 gwh, the 1gwh plant in Nanjing II and the 1gwh plant in Tangshan I are under construction, and it is expected that the additional capacity combined with the upgrading of the former production line will raise the total capacity to 8 gwh by mid-year.
At that time, the company was going to raise funds to expand 1.2 billion ah and to further integrate upstream and downstream industrial chain resources, including the construction of positive and negative materials, charging facilities, powered motor systems production lines, and the way in which they were collected, from the beginning of the year, to the distribution of shares.
In the face-cracking situation, companies, on the one hand, are increasing their automation from the core to the pack to reduce production costs, while accelerating the technological upgrading of their products, phosphate lithium batteries with energy density, reaching the maximum level required for a non-fast-filled electric passenger bus subsidy for new energy vehicles, and three-dollar batteries through construction.
Set the upward upward price pressure on the positive material production line to increase energy density by 10%. □ The fall in forecast performance in the first quarter is expected to return to the right track as the market warms back. □ The fall in company forecasts in the first quarter was significant, mainly due to the cooling down of the new energy car market early in the year.
The top 50% drop in bus subsidies, which led to the sale of new energy cars in January.
In February, the market began to warm up. New energy sources came from the 294th motor vehicle declaration list, which was announced by the Ministry of Trade and Communications.
The company's performance is expected to return to track in February, when the company and China are in a centralized public transport group bidding period.
The bus signed a contract for the purchase of 5700 battery systems from the company, with a total value of more than $1.3 billion, representing 28 per cent of the revenue in 2016, in addition to the company's engagement with the company last year.
At the beginning of this month, the company and electronic 11s, the Beijing Fortune Oil and Gas Technology Corporation, had 200 mw storage capacity.
The power station project has entered into a cooperative agreement to lay the foundations for technology development and application by the three parties in projects such as energy storage stations, microgrid systems, etc. Lithium batteries are an important technology application for electrical and chemical storage, which is expected to be marketable in the next five years between $50 billion and $60 billion.
The collaborative effort between all sources for the development and application of energy-storage products further strengthened the firm’s determination to develop storage that markets can nurture new growth points in performance. The company is an important supplier of lithium batteries that will benefit from the rapid growth of new energy vehicles in the future.
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.