Performance meets expectations of higher-than-career leadership, and the industry is about to complete a further expansion of capacity.
By the end of 2016, the combined power cell capacity of the company was about 5.5gwh, while the 1gwh plant in Nanjing II and the 1gwh plant in Tangshan I were under construction and it was expected that the additional capacity combined with the original production would increase by 53 per cent in the middle of the year, compared to more than 70 per cent of the growth rate of the company, which shows the competitiveness of the company.
The company is in the first line of power cells in the country, and the first in 2016 together accounted for more than 75% of the domestic market. The expansion of the company’s capacity has always been at the forefront of the industry, ensuring adaptive practices – and actively developing the trio battery to help the company to survive.
At the beginning of the year, the new energy car subsidy policy and the first edition of the Recommended Vehicle Directory for the Extension of New Energy Motors showed that there would be a structural change in downstream demand in the industry this year, and that, when combined, it would be a three-dollar battery that would be a new engine of growth in the industry.
The positive material production line has been built and is expected to be operational by 2017. Not only is the company going upstream, but the industry chain is going to be self-sufficient in three positives of high energy, but it is also going to boost the energy density of the company's three-dollar battery to further increase to 195-200wh/kg.
Companies are closely linked to the downstream car industry, and in addition to the upper-mortality group, they work with the North Gas New Energy Group, Jianghua Group, which contributes to the digestion of productive capacity. As the industry’s excess capacity becomes more and more evident, companies will be able to move up and down as industry leads.
## The development of a new bright spot in the storage market... ## At the beginning of this month, the company and the XI House of Electrics and the Beijing Forwes Oil and Gas Technology company were 200mw storage capacity... ## At the end of the month... ## At the end of the month... ## At the end of the month... ## At the end of the month... ## At the end of the month... ## At the end of the month...
The power station project has entered into a cooperative agreement to lay the foundations for technology development and application by the three parties in projects such as energy storage stations, microgrid systems, etc. Lithium batteries are an important technology application for electrical and chemical storage, which is expected to be marketable in the next five years between $50 billion and $60 billion.
The collaboration between all sources on the development and application of energy-storage products further strengthened the firm resolve of the company to develop the reserves so that the market nurtures new growth points in performance.
Xu Chengmeng has no rating - it is impossible to give a clear investment rating because it is impossible to obtain the necessary information, or because the company is faced with significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.