The company was the first in the country to engage in the autonomous development of lithium ion-powered batteries for new energy vehicles.
Since its inception in 2006, the company has been working on the development and production of lithium-powered batteries, especially phosphate-based lithium-powered batteries. Currently, the company’s lithium-phosphate-based battery technology is among the highest in the country and globally, single-body batteries.
The energy density can reach 160wh/kg, with absolute dominance. Lithium phosphate is used mainly in new energy commercial vehicles, with more stable downstream customers such as China-China and Ancé. There is a greater potential than the new energy, passenger-car market, and future car market eruptions.
The company's three-dollar battery line, which uses three hundred and ninety-one positive materials, is being converted to six22, and is expected to be the largest industrial production line in the country in the second half of this year. The conversion will result in a 1gwh production line for Qingjia.
Nickel content is higher and energy density is higher, and high nickel batteries are expected to be an important development for the future of three-dimensional power cells. To consolidate power cell taps, companies have expanded the field of fast-filled pure electric vehicles and hybrid electric vehicles, and since 2010 have been actively developing titanium titanium batteries.
□ R & D + full-industry chain expansion responds to the industry’s up-and-down slamming. The power cell industry, which began early in the year, is facing the double test of downstream new energy vehicle subsidies and upstream price increases for raw materials, and is expected to show a different decline in the industry’s M & A rate this year.
First, with regard to the positive materials, the company has been able to produce the positive-polar materials for phosphate.
According to the stock-sharing programme, the company will raise funds for 10,000 tons of high nickel, 3 tons of material and 5,000 tons of silicon-based negative materials, further expanding from positive and negative materials to battery capacity.
The diaphragm production line built by a joint venture with star-based material has 80 million m2 of production capacity for 3.5 gwh power cell requirements and is also expected to be operational this year, with a further two phases to come.
Xu Qing morning layout of the power cell industrial chain will help to reduce costs. The production line will be completed after delivery and will cover the ground from the positive material (including lithium phosphate, trinity material), diaphragms, electron cores, bms systems, motion.
On the other hand, maintaining the proportion of R & D inputs, with five research platforms globally, and forging strategic collaborations in science and technology research and development with universities and related research institutes to enhance energy intensity. The company is actively developing ncm 811 ncm orthodoxy materials, graphite applications, etc.
## The 17-year “1234” target targets 10 billion, the 2017 performance target of the company is 10 billion yuan before taxes, of which the storage product is now $1 billion, the logistics vehicle battery is $2 billion, the commercial vehicle battery is $3 billion, and the vehicle is used.
Power cell 4 billion dollars. The goal is likely to be achieved in conjunction with the order and production capacity. By the end of 2016, the company ' s power cell capacity will have reached 5.5 gwh, and this year the Tangshan 1gwh and Nanjing 2 gwh plants will be operational and it is planned that the company will have fertilizer, Suzhou, Qingdao, and Qingdao in the second half of the year.
The production capacity of five production bases in Tangshan and Nanjing totals 10 gwh. In storage capacity, companies have made breakthroughs in overseas exports; in logistics cars, the company's customers are mainly upper-air; in commercial vehicles, companies have long-term cooperation with Ancé, China and China to secure sales, and technology interfaces with Woo-tung;
In terms of cars, the company wants to become a supplier of ec180 power cells for the new energy source North. In addition, this year, it has achieved a small supply to the Thais, and is expected to move to Chirre in the future.
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.