002074.sz signed a 1.330 billion order to consolidate power cell tap status.
Incident: Signing of the Power Battery Contract 2017 between the company and the Chinese passenger vehicle
48.39 per cent of the income of the Automobile and Spare Parts Industry Research Group.
The Chinese passenger bus is one of the company ' s most important clients, buying 6,000 power batteries for 1,037 million yuan to compost in mid-2016, and this time again for 5,700 units for compost at 1,329 million yuan, indicating, on the one hand, the approval of the company ' s power battery by the bus and, on the other hand,
The company joined the first Lithium ion battery in 2015 and delivered about 2gwh in 2016, ranking fourth in the market. The company’s priority clients, passenger buses, have been producing products and products in the new energy bus sector for many years.
Stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) The accumulation of technology is “leaders of energy-saving and new energy buses.” The renewed collaboration between the company and the Chinese passenger cars has helped to further consolidate the company's leading position in the power cell industry.
The production capacity of the thallium power cell continues to expand and is expected to be released further in 2017. By the end of 2016, the total production capacity of the company ' s power cell was about 5.5gwh, with the phosphate lithium cell 3.5gwh, the trio battery 2gwh. Nanjing 2x1gwh and Tangshan 1gwhl.
In mid-2017, it is expected that, with the upgrade of the original production line, the company will have 8 gwh power cell capacity. While expanding its capacity, the company will maintain good cooperation with passenger companies such as the Midway bus, the Golden Dragon bus, the Ancé bus, etc., and will contribute to a sustained increase in the flow of lithium phosphate batteries.
The company’s enhanced strategic collaboration with the North Gas New Energy, the Chirre Motors, the Upload Group, etc., is expected to lead to an increase in the volume of the company’s three-dollar batteries, which will bring new performance growth points for the company. The company’s accelerated access to the whole industry chain of the powered lithium ion batteries, which will provide additional security for higher profits.
The company seized the opportunity of a new energy car outbreak to deepen the chain layout of the lithium ion battery industry, upstream the lithium cell diaphragm production base constructed in a joint venture with star-source materials, self-built tri-dollar orthodoxy material production line expected to be operational in 2017, and further strategic cooperation with 3.75% of the new energy source for downstream stock-holding North.
A total of $3.6 billion in private equity fund-raising is proposed for the construction of projects such as lithium ion battery production, high nickel, three-dollar positive-polar materials, silicon-based negative-polar materials, new-energy auto recharge facilities and spare parts, to speed up the development of the entire industrial chain of new-energy vehicles, thus enabling them to maintain a larger market share while maintaining a higher market share.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.