Weir shares (603501) 3-quarter report meets expectations, chip taps reboot, Weir shares 3-quarter review.
On 30 October, the company released three quarterly reports: $9.4 billion in revenue in the first three quarters, a 40 per cent increase over the same period, performance in line with expectations, and an adequate stock of new products from Howie, flying in the immediate direction of \triangleright.
2) Three-quarter growth from the introduction of new products, which is expected to accelerate continuously in four quarters: as a result of such effects as privatization, Howe's previous development strategy was conservative, with a higher income share in the mobile phone sector in the range of 8-16 m pixels, pre-positioned unit versus depth of 300
The company will actively adjust the structure of the product when it enters the capital, and the important medium and high end of the stock will be: 32 m front, 48m back and high value added products such as 8 m long coke, 12 m wide corner, and will start bulking in September, with excellent prices, high profitability and a good competitive pattern, with a high potential for mass delivery in four quarters.
In the medium term, mobile cameras are fundamental to innovation, and there is much room for national production: the upgrading of cameras is the core of innovation, the chip is the core of technology and the cost is high, the industry is long dominated by Japan and Korea, 17 years of Sony, Samsung, Howie.
The city accounts for about 40%, 20%, 10% respectively, and, in view of the trend towards the nationalization of chips, Howie will have 4 cars through new products, opening up long-term growth space: Howie will be the leader of the industry in the second half of the security sector, and will be actively opening up the Japanese market in the automobile sector.
Spico has a stronger synergy with Howie, who now has a stronger value-for-money advantage in the 2m, 5m, 8m markets, and can be very good with Howie.
Complementation. In the future, with Howard's technology, Spico is expected to reduce the R & D process considerably and save \triangleright Weir's home department from the magnificence of the macro-level environment.
The decline in revenues from the Department ' s design + semiconductor distribution business was due mainly to trade frictions in the first half of the year and the decline in the value of the components and the shift in the focus of business development, with future corporate semiconductor distribution operations remaining stable, and products (tvs, power management ic, mosfet, radio frequency, etc.) from which China is producing and pulling from countries where China is producing.
1. Yearly review of Weir shares (603501): steady growth in the design industry, stock incentive amortization delays performance 2. Wehr shares (603501), company depth: design score
The value of the industry p for the reference sw semiconductor was 156 times higher, compared to 44 times higher in 2020, maintaining “price fluctuations in raw materials such as push 1, crystal round, etc.”; 2, less than expected integration of acquisitions; and 3, higher than expected chip price reductions.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.