Shanghai Medicine (601607), pharmaceutical biology, has grown steadily, with a steady increase in drug health in the layout of the southwest securities research and development centre.
In the first quarter of 2022, business income was 56.9 billion yuan (+10.3 per cent); the net profit was reduced by 1.250 billion yuan (-41 per cent); the net profit from the deduction is reduced by 1.250 billion yuan (+3 per cent).
The Division has successfully acquired the import of several heavy-pound varieties of suppliers such as Wuda, Nord and Nord. 1) In the area of pharmaceutical imports, the company has successfully introduced 18 import-generation varieties throughout the year and has successfully signed contracts for your state ' s nox x 842 new acid attacks, Korea ' s kobiolabs mellitus project (kbl697 and kbl693), pagelux
The anti-bacterial clyo project and many other products such as the license-in product, with 1037 new drugs in the acute head of Taiwan’s medical cooperation, are on schedule. 2) With regard to the importation of vaccines, the company achieved sales revenue of $4.3 billion during the reporting period.
The company has a leading vaccine supply chain service platform with a cold-chain logistics capability covering the entire country. 3) Internet+: Healthy upper medicine cloud completes $1.03 billion in b-round financing, with a significant increase in operating income of more than 50% in 2021, leading to the release of nearly 50 new innovations and the country ' s first single-handed start-up, accounting for the list of new medicines listed on the market.
The magnesium health model, based on the “Internet + Medicine + Drug + Insurance” ecological model, completed over 2 billion yuan c rounds of financing, added 46 pieces of subsidized insurance products and nearly 60 million new service policies, which were rated by the China Bank Insurance Insurance Bulletin as a typical case of innovative services in the Chinese insurance industry in 2021.
In the provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, more than 32,000 health-care institutions are covered, and the retail network is distributed throughout the country.
The accelerated process of research and development of innovative medicines (2021-09-08) has led to the construction of a new crown vaccine plant with an annual production capacity of 200 million doses, integrated from primary fluids to formulations, in accordance with the requirements of the gmp, which has created the “most rapid” drug-based project.
There are 47 new lines for clinical applications that have been accepted and entered the clinical research phase, 39 of which are innovations, and 8 of which have been improved. Of the innovative lines, 6 are in critical research or clinical treatment.
The Centre for Technological Innovation has developed a total of 16 new drug projects of two types, 12 more than in 2020. Shanghai Reciprocal Biology Ltd. is expected to have one or two innovative drug projects in the clinical stage.
Cooperative research and development projects are well under way, and the second round of cooperative research and development projects has already been evaluated or negotiated. Shenyang Pharmacy University has signed a project on early innovation medicine.
The country’s reforms have deepened, integrating high-quality industrial resources in Chinese medicine, and expanding the market for healthy consumption. Yunnan White has famous brands of Chinese pharmaceutical products such as the "Paul Seven-Seven" and the "Cun-Shu-Shu-Shu-Chu One" and is in the field of medicine and medicine.
Chinese medicine is unique in the development of natural plants. Shanghai medicine has a commercial map covering 24 provinces and cities across the country, with a wealth of Chinese medicine (seven core Chinese pharmaceutical subsidiaries, nine widely recognized core brands, three national confidential formulations and 860 Chinese medicine products), and with Yunnan white medicine, the two sides have fully exploited their resources, resources and resources in the field of Chinese medicine.
The two sides will work together to create a Chinese medicine and a large health business platform. The two sides will further promote research and development investments in Shanghai medicine and achieve breakthroughs in key technical links, pipeline layouts, etc., leading to the formation of innovative medicines, improved new medicines, high-end imitations.
A multi-layered, phased new product ladder of medicine will create new business layouts for vaccines, gene therapy, and cell therapy. Mixed ownership reforms will release the dynamism of Shanghai medicine from management systems and incentives to provide a sustained impetus for its long-term development.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.