The first quarter of 2022 reported a steady growth in the operations of the main battalion, with a steady increase in the injection of new energy, mainly as a result of a one-time special gain from the transformation of the o1 subsidiary into a joint venture in 2021.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 7.95 per cent in the same year, and regressive R & D costs, resulting in non-mother-to-mother net profits on the same basis as growth, kept the main business growing better. As a result of the epidemic, the company achieved net cash outflows of 2,490 million yuan.
As a strategic investor, while optimizing the equity structure, it is proposed to promote the co-development of Chinese medicine, health, etc., in combination with the advantages of the two sides, and to inject new dynamic energy into medium- and long-term development.  Increased investment in research and development and optimization of incentives: pharmaceutical industry block, 2022 q1 sales
Millions of yuan, or 15.05 per cent more than the previous year; industrial plates, or 7.76 per cent more, contribute 596 million yuan. In addition to increasing R & D inputs, companies have been optimizing their organizational structure and staffing in recent years, improving their performance appraisal systems and landing in the medium to long term in conjunction with the progress of specific projects.
Incentives. The total number of personnel in R & D management centres increased from 613 at the beginning of 2021 to 613 at the end of the year.
Revenue from sales increased by 11.39 per cent over the same period; retail medicine generated sales revenue of 1,737 million yuan, a decline of 9.39 per cent over the same period. Business plates contributed $746 million, a rise in profits.
Supply chain one-stop management services. q1, in 2022, non-pharmaceutical operations, such as corporate appliances and health, continued with strong momentum, with sales revenue of $6,698 million, an increase of about 35 per cent compared to the previous year. Large varieties were developed in collaboration with Yunnan white drugs to accelerate their release; and (iii) innovative drugs such as i001, x 842 were about to be marketed.
All three financial forecasts for medicine in Shanghai have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.