19q1 performance exceeded expectations, benefiting 5g from commercial trends / E-components / 8 April, deep south circuits released the 19th Quarterly: 2,163 million yuan, an increase of 46.39 per cent;
The net profit of the mother was 187 million yuan, an increase of 59.54 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the non-refund to the mother was 172 million yuan, an increase of 60.69 per cent over the same period; the net cash flow of the business was 61.6 million yuan, an increase of 231.95 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the business was 0.67 per cent; the performance of the roe 19q1 was over-expected, the production of the Nanton plant was smooth and the efficiency and profitability of the operation continued to improve.
(1) 19q1 has outperformed our judgement, benefiting mainly from the smooth climb of the production capacity of Nanton factory, good rates and high levels of productivity utilization, and sufficient orders. Although spring holidays are longer than in the past, 19q1 receipts are almost equal to 18q4 and ring ratios - 4.5 pct, continuing the momentum of 18q4; the Māori rate continues to be positive;
Power upgrades and operational efficiency improvements, with a marked improvement in roe year-to-year ratios. Proposed issuance of high-speed high-density multilayer pcb for negotiable plus code, benefiting 5g capital, marginal calculation trends \triangleright
The main product of this project is the 5g telecommunications product, and the high-speed, high-density multi-storey printing of circuit boards by servers.
(2) A number of high-speed high-density pcbs are high-end products, mainly used on routers, switches, optical transmission networks and data centre servers, storage units, etc. The downstream communications infrastructure market is expected in 2019, driven by the expansion of the data centre and the construction of the 5g infrastructure, according to Prismark.
This will increase by 5.6 per cent; according to Prismark, the size of the server (including data storage) market in 2019 will be rated by 1. Deep South (002916) companies: in 18 years it will grow by 7.7 per cent and we believe that the company owns Hwa, Naking, Nokia, Ericsson, Hewlett-Packard, Union, etc.
A large number of high-quality clients, with ample hand orders, will benefit from the construction of 5g infrastructure for routers, switches, 2. Deep South circuits (002916).
The demand for the scale of digital equipment, such as the light transmission network, and the structural development of the peripheral calculations for the server was met with expectations, and the operation of the Nanton plant was over-expected.
Pcb operations benefited from communications and server demand, China, China, Rockwell Collins and other strategic clients highly recognized the company's pcb quality, delivery, etc., and Nanton factory was successfully expanded in the second half of 18 and is expected to continue to be one of the main growth points in its performance for 19 years as the pace of 5g commerce accelerates; and the enveloped base plate was sealed.
Operations have grown faster in fingerprinting and radio frequency module envelopes, and silicon microphones have been continuously upgraded in technology and products as a priority product (mainly applied to smart machines such as apples and tristars, which account for more than 30 per cent of the world's cities), high-density envelopes have been produced in quantities, and parts of products such as fc-csp have a capacity to produce in a quantitative manner.
With the successful implementation of the tin-sourcing project plant, which is expected to start in 2019, markets such as storage-type envelopes and panels will be expanded considerably. The electronics union operation has increased significantly in its operational capacity and has grown faster.
Quality customer stability, based on the elasticity of company performance growth, and maintenance of company “recommended” ratings.1 Increased industry competition; 2, less than expected pace of productive capacity; and 3, risk of price volatility of raw materials.3 Authors with qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,