Deep South circuits (002916.sz) q1 performed as expected, with high profit growth
The growth in operating income was due mainly to the growth of service orders. The slopes were smooth after the inauguration of the South Chinaton factory, and were made by remodelling existing production lines.
Increased production capacity. Optimization of product structure leads to an increase in unit prices. *5g gradually approaching, pushing the pcb volume up. 5g in 2018 is in the R & D plate and sample phase, contributing less to corporate revenue, mostly by means of increases.
It is expected that 5g will be released in the second half of 2019 and will enter the commercial phase in 2020.
With, for example, a high-intensity network, there are higher requirements for special materials processing, overall accuracy, functional integration, etc. in pcb. The 5g build-up is expected to lead to a higher volume of company products.
The company upgrades the silicon microphone envelopes and maintains its leading position. Fingerprints and radio frequency module envelopes are growing faster.
Production is expected in 2019, and storage client development is progressing as expected.
The company plans to issue a total of 152 million yuan yuan in debt-transferable funds for high-speed, high-density, multi-layer printing of circuit boards (phase II) and to supplement liquidity.
Deep South Circuit: Inner Capital World Lead, 5G Age First Benefit.
Take note of the company’s position as a capital pcb leader and the rapid pace of construction of 5g with 5g and semiconductor national production opportunities; and the inability of new plants to climb as expected.
Wang Fenghua, Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University, is currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.