O1's performance met expectations, with internal capital pcb at the top of the 5g era, the company released its 2019 q1 report, yielding 2,163 million yuan, an increase of 46.39 per cent over the same period, and now returns to the mother's net profit of 187 million yuan, an increase of 59.54 per cent over the same period, in line with our expectations, maintaining a profit forecast.
No change. We believe that the company, as a domestic pcb leader, is fast growing in the impending 5g and semiconductor national production, with the capital pcb industry leading to a 5g era: the company grew at a high rate in q1 in 2019 in comparison to the net profit growth rate of the home country; it is profit-making.
In terms of capacity, the company ' s q1 Māori rate was 23.54 per cent, a decrease of 1.29 pct, q1 net interest rate of 8.63 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from: (1) the firm ' s stable three operations of printing circuit boards, sealing boards and electronic assembly chains, with faster growth in revenue from its main business; and (2) the continued downstream major applications of companies such as communications, engineering and medical care.
Growth; (iii) South China-China smart manufacturing plant climbs beyond expectations, company-specialized production lines are well adjusted, and capacity utilization is high; (iv) companies continue to work on in-house capacity upgrading and achieve sequenced results, leading to business efficiency gains. We believe that 5g businesses are moving closer, with companies acting as global players.
The leading radio station radio frequency (RF) supplier, actively developing 5g radio base station products, with a large number of high-quality customers, such as Hua, Naking, Nokia, and Samsung, will usher in a 5-g era. Active expansion of the ic-boarding capacity is expected to become a new dynamic for companies:
The company is a domestic ic-boarding leader whose core technology is in the lead in the country.
We believe that there is still room for upgrading the company's current capacity of 240,000 square metres/year of high-end high-secret plate production. We believe that there is still room for upgrading the company's current capacity of 240,000 square metres/year base plate production through technological improvements, plus the mid-2019 tin-free plant.
With the production of the ic plate and its release into productive capacity, a fast-growing period is expected for the containment of the base plate operation. 5g+semiconductor national production trend is accelerating, with domestic pcb taps taking the wind and winding up 2018-12-13.