Potassium fertilizer at full price, lithium salt at 26 October 2025 \triangleright
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright drops in test vehicles and produces qualified products and is expected to continue uphill in the fourth quarter, with subsequent increases in sales; 2) Prices: Domestic lithium carbonate prices recovered from 25q3 and 25q1/q2/q3 battery-grade lithium carbonate
Qiuzus Potassium chloride: q3 at full price, increasing force performance. 1) Volume: q1-q3 potassium chloride production in 2025 Annual import contract price for potassium fertilizer in 2025 was $346/tcfr, an increase of 27% from the previous year, corresponding to an increase of approximately 27%.
Assessment: Potassium fertility is a solid performance, low-cost lithium salt production is continuously expanding - 2025/08/31 - Core point: low-cost production is expanding and the whole chain is becoming more competitive. 1) Low-cost carbon
\triangleright Review: Potassium Fertilizer price raises solid performance and continues to be integrated into “three steps of continuous expansion of lithium acid production capacity: 40,000 tonnes/year basic lithium salt integration project put in test vehicles and produced qualified at the end of September
“Strategies” - 2025/04/24 Battery-grade lithium carbonate products will further enhance the ability of the company to produce lithium salt and enhance its market for lithium salt products 3. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) for the year 2024:
Competition, profitability and resistance to risk. 2) The whole industry chain is working together to strengthen competitiveness: core product product sales titles fall down, performance is held back, active integration into the three-step strategy is effective, and in the meantime, incentivization of the energy flow through the “Amiba” model, digital transformation to improve operational effectiveness, and “products”
4. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2024 The integrated mechanism “to enhance market resilience, achieve cost control, operational efficiency, profitability multidimensionality, and build a firm foundation for the competitiveness of the entire industrial chain. 3) China's five-mine plan to launch a growth scheme: during the reporting period, China's five mines began to grow.
A total of 1,587 million shares of the company, representing 29.99 per cent of total equity, were held in control of the company, reflecting the decline in China's five prices — with rising costs delaying performance, the build-up of the firm's long-term investment value, and the country's food security.
Status - 2024/04/07 Investment proposal: continued disruption at the supply end of the lithium industry, strong advantages in the cost of lithium from salt lakes, low-cost lithium from companies \triangleright
Salt production can expand rapidly, potassium fertility can become more stable and secure, and we anticipate methodological and analytical logic in order to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.