The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center recommended logic: the profits of the joint venture brand continue to improve: the capital of Shanghai, Shanghai, in 2017.
With a new car-type import opening up a new cycle of car-type upturns for companies, profits are expected to increase by more than 15%. The increase in the sale of autonomous brands has led to a significant loss: Internet car Rx5 was sold at the end of 2016. Multi-suv will be replenished in 2017, with an annual sale expected to be over half a million vehicles, with a projected loss of $2 billion.
A huge capital boost: the firm strategic deployment of the Internet and the new energy and automobile services “Blue Sea” market. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
L, seven teramont, seven new cars like Kodiaq in Scorda, keep locking on the market position of the suv. The high sales of the Cadillac series are expected to continue to grow for 17 years, and the new mpv and suv series of the Buick series and the snowfran series are expected.
The company already has the production capacity of mlb (Ody platform), and the Odysian model will open up profit growth space. rx5 Internet suv will be sold at the end of the year, and the autonomous brand is expected to lose significantly for 17 years: 6.489,000 vehicles were sold by the Department of Public Administration throughout 2016, an increase of 9.95 per cent over the same period.
In terms of autonomous branding, Eunweirx5 is the first Internet car in the world, selling more than 20,000 cars a month, rapidly becoming a star. In 2017, the company will also launch new models such as a brand-new Rx3, erx5, and a new version of a new version of the title, 550.
The main suv product gap is expected to be significantly reduced. There is a huge increase in the new energy + car network + car financial services transition route. The company has completed 15 billion yuan in private stock issues, and the funds are directed to new energy cars, smart drivers, car networking platforms, and cars.
Car finance, etc. The firm’s firm confidence in the transformation of the company’s structure is reflected in the high offer of $3 billion from the GSO, and 1.1 billion from the Core Employees’ Shareholding Scheme. The issuance price of $22.8 has built up a strong security cushion.
A domestic car company with a low valuation, a high dividend rate of 1.1 is strong and the rate of growth is expected to be maintained. The upper-mortality group, the absolute leader of the Chinese automobile industry, has sold its entire business over the years.
The company’s core competitiveness lies in the overall strength of the entire chain, with its operations covering essentially all the links of the automobile chain, the full range of product lines, and the wide range of distribution services. The main forces of Yu – the autonomous brand – are now growing faster, and the advantages of size are gradually expected to diminish significantly.
The company’s main business structure: the company’s revenue comes mainly from the manufacture and sale of the whole vehicle, which accounts for more than 77 per cent of the total, its secondary spare parts, which account for more than 19 per cent, its trade revenues 1.52 per cent, its labour and other income, and its financial operations, which are relatively low.
The company’s product structure has improved, adding to the increase in sales brought about by the high state of the overall car market in the second half of 2016, the company’s Māori rate and net profit have rebounded, and the company’s profits are expected to rise steadily in 2016-2018 as a result of the company’s drive-up cycle.
As a result of the expected impact of the expiration of the acquisition tax credit policy, in 2016 the overall vehicle market was hot, with a combined contribution of 6.01 million vehicles, with an increase of 10.5 per cent, 7.7 per cent and 4.4 per cent, respectively, in vehicle sales, which were ranked 1, 3, and 4, respectively, stabilizing corporate dominance. In the area of autonomous branding, the sales base was temporarily lower, but with the second half of 2016, the sales base was lower.
The year's Rx5 Internet suv boom is expected to reverse the weakness of the autonomous brand and significantly reduce the loss period. Joint venture brands are heavily invested in new vehicles, moving into a product-upturning cycle: in recent years, the suv has been sold hot, and in 2016 they accounted for more than 30% of the market share of the car market, and the sank of the suv channel and the boost of product power will strengthen the competitive edge of the car.
They expect the suv market to continue at a rate of more than 30%. The upper gas group has accelerated product rotations since 2016, concentrated fire on the suv product line, and introduced replacements at the end of 2016.
Suv and popular teramontb class suv have significantly strengthened their product lines. 1.2 Low valuations, high dividends, and investment values have been shown The upper gas group has maintained dividends of around 5 per cent since 2013, at the forefront of the automobile industry, with significant equity returns.
High security margins between valuation zones.2 Joint venture brands enter the upward cycle of vehicle models, with sales expected to increase by two-fold: the suv will be concentrated.
Founded in 1985 as one of the country ' s first joint brands, the upper-gas public was a champion of steady-selling champions for many years, with sales growing at an average annual rate of 19.2 per cent in 2008-2016, with 2.02 million vehicles sold by the upper-gas public in 2016, an increase of 10.5 per cent compared to the previous year, which was lower than the overall increase in the passenger-car industry, mainly because of the large number of upper-air mass-product-line cars in recent years.
The product is supported only by public view and Skodayati. The public has a popular and Scorda brand, and now has more than 20 car sales, and the domestic car market is somewhat out of place, but the product is supported only by public viewing and Skodayati, and the product line is relatively weak.
New Santana, Poropolo, Niagachi, Lingdu, Vision, New Pasade, Scoda, Scoda, Yeti, and Quasi, among others. According to the popular China Beijing 2016 conference, mass groups invested more than 4 billion euros in China in 2016.
We expect that 2017-2018 will be the year of high-voltage mass production. On the part of the upper-voltage public, a replacement tour was launched at the end of 2016, and the first half of 2017 will be imported into the new class B subv.
In space, the size of the vehicle is 4712 * 1839 * 1673 mm greater than that of Becroncoville. In power, the pathl, which is based on the mass-qb platform, is used as the first suv, using the ea 888 engine, and the maximum power version is raised.
Mass teramont, built on mqb platforms, is expected to be on the market in the first quarter of 2017. The new car, drawing on a large number of elements of the popular crossblue concept design that was released earlier, appears to be robust, using a flat-blank medium-net style, coupled with a rising engine lid and a prominent arch.
At 5037/1979/1768 mm long and wide, the axle range is 2980 mm and the size is much greater than the depth of class b-suv, Hannahlda, which is expected to be Odyq7. The price of teramont is expected to be around 400,000, half of q7, and the super-size and popular branding status of the vehicle will open up for sale and is expected to become class b in 2017.
The introduction of alternative I and teramont is expected to significantly improve the product structure of the public and, in conjunction with the high profile of the suv industry, to enhance the profitability of joint ventures.
Up-scaling: high-end products will improve profitability. Up-scaling vehicles were established in 1997 with co-financing from Shanghai Motors and General Motors. They currently have four major production bases, namely, Pu Dongqing Bridge, Tai-Ying, Shen Yang North Sein and Wuhan Branch, with eight full-scale and four power plants.
The three brands of Buick, Cadillac, Chevyland, and more than 20 series of products cover a segmented market ranging from high-end luxury cars to sedans, mpv, suv, mixed power, electric vehicles, etc. In recent years, there has been a downward trend in the general rate of uplifting, a rebound in sales in 2016 and a cumulative sale of vehicles throughout the year.
188.77 million vehicles, representing a 7.7 per cent increase over the same period, were due mainly to the faster growth in the Buick and Cadillac brands, of which the cumulative sale of 1107,000 vehicles by the Upper Generalized Buick in January-November 2016 was a 22 per cent increase over the same period, mainly as a result of the major increases in Ankowesuv, Verang (class a) and British (class a).
The roll-out of gl6 will boost mpv sales. For Cadillac, the previous November had a cumulative sale of 96,000 vehicles, an increase of 103 per cent, of which xt5suv was sold continuously on the slope, and in November, 5040 vehicles were sold as second-line luxury suv between $30 million and $500,000 in the price zone.
Snowflake's currently hot-marketed cars include Coruze, Trax, and Mace. Cheffran's low-end domestic model is sold at a price of 70,000-170,000 in the region, with a large number of national product plates, long-paced, long-ancs75, wide-broadcasting.
gs4 and Haverh6 have a clear competitive advantage, and second-line joint-venture brands need to restructure their products in order to regain the market. To reverse the decline, the Chevy 2017 will be imported into the equinox explorer suv, which will carry 1.5t and 2.0t turbo boosted gasoline engines, with a maximum output power of 172 horsepower and 256 horsepower, respectively, with a peak torque.
275 and 352 oxm. On motion, the engine matches a six-speed automatic transmission box with a 1.5-t engine and a nine-speed automatic change box with a 2.0-t wave. In addition, part of the new vehicle will be equipped with a four-drive system.
Fig. 16: Chefford Explorer's inner interiors: 2.3 V.M.V.: The microcar masters remain unchanged, structural transformation reverses the decline in the industry.
The three-way joint venture. Mitsubishi Glory, Mitsubishi Light, created a microcar market for the upper gas utility, which has been at the top of over 50% since 2008. In 2010, the microcar industry peaked at 2.5 million vehicles, but the trend of rising consumption has led to a replacement cycle for ordinary cars.
On the start, microcars have been replaced by cars and mpv, and the microcar industry has experienced a steady decline in recent years, with a cumulative sales volume of 1.1 million in 2015. Following the period of restructuring of the product, the company introduced car products: Bo 310, Bo 330, Bo 610, Bo 630, Luxey, mpv: Bo 730 and Sov 560.
In the new car series, it is expected that the 510 and 530 suv-type cars will be launched in the 207s, as well as the a00-grade saloons 100 in Bo-Jun, which are expected to continue to sink through the Treasure series and continue to penetrate the two-line urban channels.
3x5 Internet car sales, with an outbreak of autonomous brand sales, are expected to make a significant loss.
Cars, suvs, new energy cars, etc.. The current model of car heaters for the upper car fleet includes Queens, Queens, 350, mg sharps, mggt, etc. 320,000 vehicles were sold throughout 2016, an increase of 89% over the same period. The average monthly sales for the fourth quarter was over 20,000. The introduction of the erx5 mix is expected in the first half of 2017, with the second half of the year.
In addition, in 2017 it is expected to launch new models such as Ryoxirx3, the replacement of 550, and the replacement of Ryowie w5. Ryo Weixix5 is a new city created jointly by the upper gas and Ali, suv, with a sale price of $998-1838,000.
The model carries the Yunos operating system, developed autonomously by the Alibaba Group, with China’s largest cloud computing platform and networked big data, and will build a huge network of car content, services, and ecclesiasticals in the future. The automatic block version of the compact suv model of the home-owned brand is selected against the rx5 logo, and the vorx5 is at the axle range and hair.
There is a clear advantage in motivational configuration, and we believe that the upper steam group and Alibaba brand advantage, as well as the yunos Internet elements, can gain a certain premium advantage for rx. The current sales of more than 20,000 vehicles in one month indicate that product strength has been tested because of the high R & D and depreciation costs of the previous period, corporate ownership of brands is still in a state of loss, reported from the parent company.
The table was informed that the deficit in the first three quarters of 2016 was approximately $2.9 billion, and that overall sales for 2016 were expected to exceed half a million vehicles in comparison with 2015, with profit losses of more than 2 billion, leading to a significant increase in the performance of the upper-air group.
On January 20, 2017, the company’s non-public stock distribution was completed in 2016, amounting to 658 million shares, and this non-public release investment, which focuses on the three main areas of new energy cars, car networking platforms, and automobile financial services, reflects the firm’s commitment to innovation. With this increase, the company is expected to be able to make a strong alliance with its pioneers.
By introducing institutional investors, this increase will help companies to further improve their efficiency and promote mixed ownership reforms. The 3 billion-billion-dollar buy-in in the capital and 1.1 billion-dollar core employee-holding schemes reflect firm corporate management confidence in the structural transformation of the company.
The issuance price of $22.8 has built up a strong security cushion. Automotive manufacturing operations: multi-cars will be launched in 2017 under the flag of the upper gas group, with high prices for the joint venture brand model and other operations: other operations, including financial services, trade and services, are expected to account for a relatively low share of the business.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.