A steady growth in performance in 2023, with the introduction of a three-year shareholder return plan to increase Heil Jiji (600690/sh) 29/03/24
• Strong performance growth in 2023, high-end systematization leading to higher profitability, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings, multi-brand layouts, optimized product structure, digital transformation and efficiency gains, among other factors. Given macro- and high-end growth in domestic and external shares, higher profitability in the air-conditioning sector has increased
The share of China’s market is 28% (+1 pct), while the share of refrigerator freezers/cookers/washers/smart buildings continues to rise. Casati’s retail sales increased by 14%, three-wing birds by 84%, and the share of the package exceeded 60%, holding up.
The rate of sound Maori fell. In 2023, company refrigerators/washers/air conditioners/cookers/waterhouses/channels combined services
Growth is robust, profits are maintained at a faster pace, multi-brand layouts are enriched with brand products, and market growth opportunities are accurately captured. (2) share abroad, high-end transition, uplifting the overseas product price index; (3) domestic market drives water heaters, heating air conditioning, cooking power switching.
Leverage; (4) three-wing bird scene catalyticly leads to high-end, sales packages and single-user value enhancement; (5) new products such as dry clothes machines, dishwashers, home cleaning robots, heat pumps, etc., enriched the product layout. 20.2304 earned $62.77 billion in single-quarters (+6.8 per cent of the year), resulting in net profit to the mother of $3.45 billion
In 2023, the company ' s share of refrigerator freezers/cookers/washers was 45/9/48 per cent, the share of wires was 40.4 per cent/40 per cent and the share of refrigerator freezers/cookers/washers was increased by the same amount;
According to industry online data, the share of smart buildings has reached 9.5% (+0.8 pct) and is ranked fourth in China's market segment. (1) Refrigeration industry: the share of high-end markets has increased significantly.
To achieve a 120% increase in sales of parched products on the same basis; Heir Refrigerator expands the family's image and achieves the first share of the price at more than $20,000. According to the data from Mid-Ekang, the lower-line market company's refrigerator product is sold at 10,000 bits at zero (+4.0 pcts) shares 52.8% (+4.0 pcts).
(iii) Laundry industry: in 2023, the dryer rate increased by 20 per cent in the same year. In Shanghai, the dryer factory was put into operation, increasing its capacity by 2 million. According to gfk, the company ' s share of retail sales under the dryer line reached 40.4 per cent.
Deepening the supply chain layout, enhancing the self-contained capacity of spare parts, and increasing cost competitiveness. (a) The formal production of 2 million units per year at Chengzhou ' s cerebral plant in March 2023, which is expected to be optimized at a cost of more than 10 million; (b) the company ' s share with the ocean.
A joint compressor venture will be launched in q1 in 2024, helping to further complete the industrial chain and build a deep-integrated compressor supply capacity. (5) Smart building industry: revenue from heat pump operations increased by 20 per cent, and corporate holdings were acquired in September 2023
The same energy technology and development company, Inc., enhances the capacity of companies to implement energy-saving adaptation programmes such as heating, cold-service integrated services and clean energy mix, industrial residual heat recovery, etc. The high-end branding of Kassati has implemented a brand upgrading programme, with a 14 per cent increase in Kassati retail sales in 2023.
Casati is ranked first in the attention of high-end home-based users in the Little Red Book; underline, Casati has established experience centres in 240 shoppingmall and is located in the country's well-known high-end business complex, Nanjingdök Square, opening the Casatian Arts Centre, which brings new shopping experiences to consumers by combining home-based electricity with home-based art.
In 2023, Iikang’s high-end share of the Kathati brand was absolutely ahead, ranking first in the retail share of high-end products such as refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners. Casatian branded refrigerators and air conditioners reached 50% and 28% below the line in China’s market of $15,000 or more, while washing machines accounted for 84% of China’s market share of 10,000 or more.
In 2023, three-wing bird scenes were traded at more than $5.1 billion, with 2900 national touch points, custom landing programmes exceeding 80,000 sets, sales of three-wing birdgates rose by 84 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with over 60 per cent of the stock, 40 per cent of Casati and 35 per cent of the front. 1 company developed nesting design tools with over 500 3d versions of home design modules and the entire country.
More than 90 per cent of the districts have real household maps to develop a professional home-to-house design package for users. 2 Three-wing bird contact points have been added, close to 1,500, to enhance product marketing efficiency through customized and professional delivery of services through localized scenario programmes. 1.2. Overseas: integration of global resources for high-end innovation, better than industry growth, multi-brand layout+
(1) Adherence to high-end innovation strategies, leading industry trends by integrating global R & D resources, rolling out original technologies; (2) upgrading product structures and upgrading price indices; (3) diversification of product mix strategies, covering high-end flagship, middle-end primary and entry-level products, to meet market diversification needs; (4) expansion of market expansion
End-touching coverage, raising the profile of mainstream channels, promoting professional channels in the warm industry, optimizing household experience and branding reputation: (5) Deepening the production profile in “one-way” countries and harnessing market developments Overseas subregions, America/Australia/South Asia/Europe/South-East Asia/Central and Eastern Africa/Japan, respectively
The company ' s share in the North America/Europe/Australian market has continued to rise: (1) European markets: retail volume share has risen by 1 percentage point to 9.1 per cent (2) Australasia markets: the share of the company in Australia has increased by 1 pct and retail share by 0.7 pct;
In New Zealand, the market share of company kitchen appliances and dishwashers increased by 4 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively. (3) South Asian markets: 4 pct up in India, 4 pcm market share in Pakistan (4) South-East Asia market: first in the industry in Thailand and Viet Nam in the air-conditioning industry, laundry in Viet Nam
The machine market is the first, exceeding 20 per cent. (5) The Japanese market: the successful introduction of the industry-leading tx super thin refrigerators and large-volume heat pump rollers, among other differences, has resulted in new products, which have contributed to an increase in the share of retail ice-washing products.
1.2.2. Sub-industry: integration of global R & D resources, global flowering by industry, leading the share (1) Refrigeration industry: 14.1 per cent of overseas retail sales, according to Ewe data, top-end multi-ice-box industry in the European market, with a Heir refrigerator price index of 122; rapid growth of mega-refrigerators in the Japanese market; approximation
The $640 million cash acquisition for commercial refrigeration, which extends from domestic refrigeration to commercial refrigeration and creates new growth points, is expected to be completed in 2024. (2) Cooking power industry: based on Ewyn International data, companies have achieved two below-the-ground challenges in the European market industry.
Numbers increase; Australian markets raise their share by 3 percentage points through fpa and Haier brand power. (3) Laundry industry: according to Ewe data, companies achieve their share first in 10 countries, including Australia, New Zealand, and Viet Nam. Combo dryers in the North American market; and Heir brands launch ipro in the Western European market.
High-differentiated products led to a 4 percentage point increase in higher-end shares of Euro599 or more: Indian market model channels increased from 4 per cent to 16 per cent and price indices from 89 to 101. (4) Air operations: companies ranked first in Pakistan and Thailand, and in South-East Asia and the West.
Europe’s retail outlets have also seen brand share increase. (5) Smart Building Industries: t3-to-frequency products get over a billion-dollar order from Middle Eastern customers; European markets are based on heat pump products, and the Heir Smarthon platform, which contains local data, integrates the storage energy system and achieves the goal from
Single-to-multi-energy complementarities with integrated energy product solutions for smart energy management. (6) House-wide water solutions: Gas Storage Water heaters have been introduced in North American markets: Gas is hot water, heat boiler products, etc. on European markets.
Sub-products: Double-digit growth in the revenue of the air-conditioning branch, with a marked increase in profitability Division operations, where, according to the latest calibre, revenue from the company refrigerator freezer/cooker/air conditioning/washer/waterhouse electricity unit increased faster in 2023.
In 2023, company refrigerators/washers/air conditioners/cookers/waterhouses/channels combined services2 continued to increase profitability and continued digitalization driven down efficiency gains, benefiting from lower prices for bulk raw materials, changes in digitized procurement and research and development end, and the architecture of a digitalized production and marketing synergy system
The positive impact of a consistent decline in the Māori rate in overseas markets is offset by increased competition in major regional sectors. The Māori ratio, for example, has increased significantly in the case of air conditioning.
In terms of profit margins for branch operations, in 2023, the company ' s refrigerator freezer/cooking/air conditioning/cleaning machine/water power/other (1) changes in the cost of sales: promotion of digital change in the domestic market, efficiency gains in marketing resource allocation, logistics distribution and warehousing operations, optimized sales rates; competition from overseas markets, increased competition in the field
End-of-pipe expansion, marketing of new items, increased input into the upgrading of the shop image, and higher sales costs compared to the same rate. (2) Change in management cost: benefits from companies optimizing business processes and upgrading the organization through digital tools (3) Change in financial cost rate: Increase in financial cost rate due mainly to higher interest-bearing expenditure affected by interest hikes abroad
Added to this is the offset of interest income that the company has increased by increasing the efficiency of fund management. Interest charges on the company were of good quality in 2023. Net cash flows from company operations in 2023 amounted to 25,262 million yuan, an increase of RMB 5.06 billion, or 24.7 per cent.
3- Increase in the share of cash in cash by launching a shareholder return plan for the next three years. Not buy back a share in RMB 1.43 billion and HK$200 million in Hong Kong dollars, if recorded as a share of cash, amounting to 9,084 million, representing 54.74 per cent of the net profits of the company.
The distribution of profits as a proportion of the net profit attributable to the parent owner of the consolidated statement realized in the year is no less than a change in course.
At the corporate level: (1) the business boundaries of companies are expected to continue to expand and the value of single users rises, driven by domestic Casatine sales, the three-wing eco-branding, and (2) the company ' s share of overseas markets is expected to continue to rise, depending on global brand matrix, indigenous precision. (3) product high-end, global resource synergy,
Driven by digital reforms, the firm’s net-interest-rate-up logic is expected to continue to materialize. The cost-cutting effect is not as expected: high-end market demand is not as high as expected: competition from overseas industries increases.