Silicon Coal's Year of Harvest.
▪ New energy operations: the multi-crystal silicon expansion programme has gradually landed and the boo power station has improved long-term profitability: the new energy business accounted for 33 per cent of the company's revenue in 2021 and consisted mainly of the multi-crystal silicon and wind-optic power station transport camps. 1) Silicon material operations, 2022q2 production line techniques have been completed and effective capacity is expected to be achieved in 2022
By 120,000 tons, while the construction of new production capacity accelerated in Mongolia and the Middle East, 100,000 tons of which are expected to be in Mongolia, the company ' s total multi-crystal silicon capacity in 2023/2024 is expected to be 30.40 million tons, respectively.
(b) New energy power plant operations, which, on the one hand, have grown rapidly in size; on the other hand, more profitable and “lighter” power plants have become the main force, with revenues exceeding half of the total in 2021, while the long-term profitability of power plant operations has improved.
▪ Traditional energy operations: coal supply is tight, rising in volume and profit elasticity contributions are equally significant: energy operations consist mainly of coal and electricity generation: 1) coal operations, company-owned semi-eastern coal deposits amounting to 12 billion tons, and two open-air mines have been developed with a combined capacity of 50 million in the south and two open-air mines.
Tons. Coal sales are limited by production capacity, with less elasticity in the short term, affected by energy security in 2021, and public coal sales in the amount of about 60 million tons, which we expect to maintain in the short and medium term.
The annual power generation rate is 79%. We expect the power to stabilize at 2720mw, the power generation level to stabilize, and the revenue from electricity generation to be largely determined by market-based electricity prices.
Structural opportunities: We expect a steady annual increase in the average investment in the country's network during the 14th Five-Year Plan. With increased demand for electricity consumption from wind resources development, the construction of ultra-high-pressure investments is expected to usher in structural opportunities, with companies leading the country's transformer industry, with a high share in the country's ultra-high-pressure exchange sector.
In addition to the high-voltage demand, the transformer is increasing on the side of the transmission: wire cables tend to grow at a low-digit rate as power generation increases: overseas, Special Electricers (600089): transmissions, multiple transmissions.
Epidemic shock in 2020, recovery in 2021, with cagr = 10% steady growth in the following year.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we double the income splits and forecasts for the company’s operations. Silicon and coal prices remain high in the short term, while the company’s main power transmission industry is stable and profitable.
Secondary coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. Risk; risk of silicon and coal price fluctuations.
The company was established in 1993 as a veteran in electrical and energy equipment. The company started with cable cables and transformers and was the first company to be listed in the transformer industry in the country.
The company’s leadership in the field of transmission of electricity has been established by successive mergers and acquisitions of companies such as the Deyang cable plant, the Tianjin transformer plant, the Shoeyang Modern Electrical Equipment Group, the Luangtai Hill Cable, and the Shenyang transformer. After that, the company’s operations have grown in a variety of operations, such as multiple crystalline silicon, coal mines, electrical power stations epc/bt, and power station operations.
The company’s main business consists of three main sectors: transmission power, new energy, and traditional energy operations.
In June of the year, the two former shareholders, Xinjiang TNG Ltd., and Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xian Xinjiang Xian Xinjiang Xian Xian Xian Xinjiang Xian Xian Xian Xian Xinjiang Xian Xian Xin Xinjiang Xian Xinjiang Ltd. held 11.79% and 6.71% respectively, while other independent corporate shareholders held more than 2% of the shares.
In addition, Xinjiang Tianjin indirectly held 24.04% of Xinjiang Tianjin ' s shareholdings. In addition, other management of the company also held shares and played a larger role than the company ' s subsidiaries, with the core controlling company, Xinjiang Tianjin Energy (as of June 2021).
Share 85.78%) is primarily responsible for the company’s coal business, and the holding company’s new niche energy (as of June 2021) has had a better synergy in its business. Corporate revenue has grown faster, with a higher net interest rate for Māori.
The more stable rate of increase was 8.87 per cent for the period 2016-2021 and 27.07 per cent for the net profit of the parent, resulting from higher prices and sales of crystalline silicon in 2021, increased power generation from new energy self-employment plants, higher prices and sales of coal, and higher gains and losses on the fair value of the company.
The company continued to grow at a high rate of 17.1 billion yuan in revenue from 2022q1, an increase of 81.28 per cent in the same year, and 31.22 billion yuan in net profit from the mother, an increase of 47.28 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the high price of energy-related raw materials, such as silicon, coal, and the rapid growth in the volume of output. Moreover, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate levels were higher, with 2022q1 selling Māori rates and sales.
Net sales interest rates are 38.89 per cent and 25.26 per cent, respectively. Business structures continue to optimize, with a higher share of new energy sources and energy businesses increasing. Currently, electricity transmission is still important for companies, but as a mature track, it is low and stable overall.
The company actively develops new energy, energy operations, and enhances diversification and synergy. In 2021, the company transferred power/new energy, adding more than one sector to Beta, all three of which are worth looking forward to: silicon benefits from a tight and balanced amount of fuel, and new energy power plants entering the harvest period.
The company’s new energy business, which is largely the responsibility of the controlling subsidiary, grew faster in 2021 with the new special energy business, which at the same time lost profits and contributed significantly to the parent company’s overall operation. In 2021, the new special energy business received revenue and net return profits of $223,484 million, representing an increase of 58.71 per cent and 804.44 per cent, respectively; and at the same time, in silicon, the net return was increased by 58.71 per cent.
As a result of rising prices, both the Māori rate and the net interest rate of sales of companies increased significantly, at 40.81 per cent/24.08 per cent, with an increase of 24.95pct/17.49pt, respectively.
Inversed from the bottom of the multi-crysilica business, it is now “volume-rich”. The high price of multi-crystal silicon in the short and medium term, as a result of the growing volume of photovolves, the imbalance in supply of and demand for silicon material, has led to a significant increase in the multi-crysil silicon business. In 2021, the company shipped 7.8 million tons of silicon, an increase of 17.9 per cent over the same period, a growth of 190.92 per cent over the same period.
The average sales price of SDS is about $148,200 per ton, up from $60.1 million per ton in the same period in 2020, up by 39.34 pct, with a sharp increase in profitability. In 2022, the country’s multi-crysilica capacity was released short of time, and the overall supply remained tight, with the average price of silicone in 2022 projected to be 200,000 plus, while the multi-crysilica operation remained profitable in 2022.
In 2020 and 2021, the company signed a long list of 85.32gw with Transistor Technology, Lungi Green Energy, On-board Control, High-Vision Solar Energy, and Double-Light Energy Conservation, for an average of 14.22 million tons per year from October 2020 to December 2026. As a result, by the end of 2021,
The Xinjiang production line has been modified to enable the company to produce 66,000 tons effectively. The 22q2 Xinjiang production line has been upgraded to 100,000 tons, with a multi-crystal silicon capacity of up to 200,000 tons per year by the end of the year. In addition, the first two, semi-East and second stages of productive capacity development in Mongolia have accelerated, and we expect the company to release its capacity in 2023 and 2024, with an orderly pace of expansion.
In 2020, silicon prices continued to fall, small-scale producers lost a lot of money, and the industry became a bailout, a newcomer, a new source of energy, and a new source of energy.
In 2021, the company’s share of silicon production was only 13%, and it was in a weaker position among the five. In 2022, if the company’s expansion plan landed normally, the company’s share would rise by 9 percentage points to 22%, crowding out its share of the business market, and ranking in the first echelon alongside Tonway and Convergence.
Figure 14 Predicted value of silicon competition patterns at the end of 2021 (by capacity) Figure 15: Predicted value of silicon competition patterns at the end of 2022 (by capacity)
Tungwee shares, bailiffs, etc., belong to the country’s first class of multi-crystal silicon enterprises, the coal-power plant-silicon integration company, with a clear cost advantage (the cost of electricity is typically 35-40%). And the company’s main production capacity is in low-cost areas like Xinjiang, Nemungu.
2.1.2. New energy power plants: The Boo model is expected to become the main force The power plant operates on a growing scale, leading to higher revenues from the sale of electricity.
By the end of 2021, 1022.09/1826mw of the photovoltaic/wind power plant was held, and in 2021, the company sold 55/468mw of the photovoltaic/wind power station. This is reflected in the volume of electricity generated, and the long-term profitability of the company ' s cellular/wind power production pattern in 2021 will be the main direction of the company ' s future.
In recent years, companies have continued to explore the bt model, whereby companies themselves develop, build, and transfer wind and wind resources at a higher level than the epc. By the end of 2021, the company held an untransferable and in-progress bt project 593.09mw.
But the bt model is more dependent on the company’s own ability to access resources, and the process requires substantial investment (up capital) and high operating risks. By contrast, the boo model does not require the company to invest in the project, and allows the company to operate through a power station to obtain a higher level of Maori, and is expected to become the company’s main operating model in the future, with the Boo model operating on a company power station in 2021.
The share of income in the block has been more than half. 2.2. Electricity transmission operations: “basic” have grown steadily, with structural opportunities such as super-high voltage, and “14” our investment in the electricity grid has maintained a steady growth trend, with the grid investing in a structural direction in favour of new energy sources.
In 2021, we completed a total of 49.51 billion yuan in capital investment in electricity grids, which was increased by the same amount. The incremental investment direction will focus on the construction of the grids (largely high-voltage direct currents and related operations in special-change tools), network intelligence (for distributed power sources and new loads), digitization (movement control systems, etc.) and pumping capacity.
Figure 20: The cumulative length of built-up circuits (km) in the country ' s ultra-high voltage, Figure 19: The completion of investment in the infrastructure of the country ' s electricity grid (millions of yuan) Figure 21: The structural investment direction of the grid in the context of the construction of new electricity systems
Energy system reform is premised on super-high-pressure construction. Under the guidance of the double carbon policy, new energy sources have been built around the country in recent years. Unlike traditional energy construction sites, the country's new energy generation is still concentrated in the “tri-north” regions of the north-east, north-west and north-east, and in the eastern coastal areas, where electricity demand is high.
As a result, there has been a significant waste of power resources in the country over a long period of time. The construction of ultra-high-pressure lines is an important solution for alleviating the mismatch between electricity supply and demand space, and the 14th Five-Five is expected to be quick.
According to the national grid, 35868 km of ultra-high voltage transmission lines had been built by 2020, up to 39.87% of cagr in 2008-2020 and over 2.1 trillion kWh in aggregate. During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the main focus of the network's investment in the accelerated construction of centralized power sources, i.e. large power stations, was on the construction of the super-high-voltage direct-flow corridor.
According to the China Energy Journal, during the “14th Five-Year” period, the National Network planned to build a super-high-pressure line of “24 to 14 straight” involving 3 straight lines with 13 ultra-high-pressure lines. The company is our transformer leader, with a 35% share of the super-high-pressure transformer.
(b) The cable industry has the capacity to produce 1,000 kv and less, and 500 kv and the attached cables. Billion dollars, or 18.49% of the bid in the transformer category. In a highly high-pressure market where technology is more demanding, companies compete.
In terms of the winning amount, the market share of our ultra-high-voltage transformer market, top3 companies in 2020 was 35/30/30 per cent of the total share of the market, respectively, for ultra-high-voltage transformers. In comparison with the industry, the Māori rate of corporate income was higher.
In the same year, the Māori score between the company and the Western China electric transformer business was 18.72 per cent and 18.76 per cent, and the company was at a high level of industry. Figure 26: Comparable corporate transformer business income (billion yuan)
Figure 27: Comparable Māori rates for corporate transformers and other transmission equipment operations: extra-high-voltage demand, with new energy installed, with a certain increase in transformers on the side of the power generation; cable cable, which basically maintains a low-digit rate of increase in the volume of electricity generated; overseas transmission of epc 2020
2.3. Energy operations: High coal prices present new opportunities, and generation revenues contribute to stabilizing cash flows. The company’s energy operations are dominated by the controlled subsidiary’s Skypool energy, including coal mining, electricity thermal sales, influenced by supply-side reforms, where coal production is currently tight and high coal prices are the main driving force.
The near-east mining area has a coal reserve of about 12 billion tons, and the company is currently developing two coal mines in the south open and two mines in the south, with capacity of 30 per 20 million tons/year respectively. The company sold about 60 million tons of coal in 2021 due to the power shortage and the use of the south open and second mines as defined coal reserves.
As a result, coal mining and sales growth are less resilient in the short term, and we expect to remain at 60 million tons of water. Meanwhile, coal prices have been rising steadily since 2021, with the company selling coal at an average price of about 120 yuan per ton in 2021, although between 150 and 200 yuan per ton, bringing greater income elasticity to the company’s coal business; and at a lower cost rate, I
It is expected that the net interest rate for coal operations will be 30% +. Later on, during the 14th Five-Year Plan period, thermal power generation was also an indispensable “right arm” for the upgrading of new energy sources, and the demand for electricity from the fire remained strong and supported the price of coal.
The company also operates a number of power stations, which now account for the highest share of the company’s power generation operations. The company’s wind capr, 58.83% in 2021, has become one of the fastest growing revenues of the company. In the future, we expect the size of the power plant to be maintained at 2720mw, the number of hours it generates is stable, the amount of electricity generated is expected to remain stable, and the revenue generated is largely from the electricity market.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals (1) transformation power operations (1) transformer operations benefit from “145” super-voltage construction, new energy power plant demand (2) new energy operations (1) silicon prices remain high against a tight balance between supply and demand of silicon materials, and companies build new ones
Production capacity is declining and is expected to increase considerably in the period of opportunity; (2) power plant development is operating well and installed continuously (3) energy operations: 1) coal production is increasing with less spatial elasticity and coal operations are expected to benefit from short-term high coal prices; and (2) power plant operations continue to grow on a sustained scale, leading to a steady increase in power generation.
Cost assumption: Corporate growth is higher than cost, and we assume that company R & D costs for 2022-2024 are less likely than expected. Polycrystal silicon capacity construction falls within the scope of larger chemicals, requiring empirical sedimentation and greater uncertainty at all stages. The company is a leader in the multicrysilica industry and has a certain yield.
Industrial experience, but if multi-crystal silicon were to land as planned, it would not be able to enjoy window opportunities with high silicon prices, thereby adversely affecting the new energy business. 2) The risk of super-high-pressure construction falling short of expectations. In 2022, less bids were made for ultra-high-pressure projects in the first half of the year.
If future project construction continues to understate expectations, it will have a significant negative impact on companies’ electricity transmission operations. 3) The risks of silicon and coal price volatility.
Two business income and profit expectations will be significantly negatively affected. Three major financial forecasts for the super-electrics.