The Great Wall's Car Depth Report, the intelligent new energy source is new and new to make more caricatures, investment ratings: buy-in maintenance.
The Great Wall has 32 years of car-building, which has created star models in many Chinese cars, such as raspberry pickups, Hafh6, and tank 300, and is one of China’s most successful autonomous brands. In the light of the smart-powering tide, the autonomous brand has new market opportunities.
Blue Mountain will be the first heavy-pound product of the Wall’s smart electric power, or will create the Wey brand as a new car-making force – a new force for more car-building. Blue Mountain has adopted dht hybrid technology (the new energy blending technology leads) that has been developed in the Wall for many years, a smart driving system (the front line of the intelligent-level industry) with a millimeter mind, with precision at the same time.
Beyond the Blue Mountain, the soon-to-be-listed dragons and dragonmax will enter the city through the Hover All-Long Network, which will have 500 points by the end of the year. New networks and powerful new energy products may make the Wall the second to open a new energy market of 10-20 million.
Investment proposal: We believe that in the second quarter of the year, the motor sector needs are stable and the industry Beta will return to growth; at the same time, the Great Wall cars are deep-farming intelligent electrodynamics, and themselves: the Great Wall: the essence of the car, the new power of the smart, the new power source, the new owner of the car, the newest, the newest, the new owner of the city.
The new energy transition is expected to be based on the nature of the car, the new intelligent energy source, the new technology that has been deposited for more than 30 years, the new energy technology that has been built for more than 30 years.
The Great Wall was established in 2001 (formerly the Great Wall Automobile Manufacturing Plant, established in 1984) to operate vehicles and components, research and development, production, marketing and services. In 2012, a new energy vehicle technology research and development team was formally set up; in July 2020, three technology brands of lemon, tank, coffee intelligence were launched with a heavy pound, officially declaring progress towards the goal of a global smart technology company. Based on 32 years of technological deposition, the Wall has built a multi-species and continuously evolving forest ecosystem.
China’s only, world-wide, energy-based, intelligent, flattening, network-based, decentralised whole-sector chain layouts. Chart 1: The Great Wall’s car development history (2001-present) The first Hafer model
The Great Wall has a limited share of cars and a joint venture with BMW to create beams of light from Senegal and Mali.
(c) In Guatemala, Brazil, Malaysia
West Asia kd factory is operational; Asian gwm brands are published; lemons, tanks, coffee are made.
The Hover brand announces new energy developments, three platforms of intelligence; in Russia, Australia.
The Ora brand was created, the tank brand was created, and the new smart four-drive mix technology was released.
Hafer's going to Italy, central to incubating a brand new salon;
For the first time, the Great Wall Picard brand declared its independence;
Exporting the EU; publishing Hover's new energy distribution network — wey first plugs in power plentiful
(b) Nearly 30 products of the five major brands landed at the Sea Car Fair;
In the case of holding companies, the company’s layout strategy revolves around the four main sections of branding, spare parts production, technology research and development, and automobile finance.
The synergies have also increased the ability of companies to lower yields and respond in a timely manner by building the Great Wall’s supply chain in a number of areas through extensive geographical coverage. The steady growth in revenue collection, with strong net profit growth for mothers, and steady growth in revenue, has begun to move into the business consolidation phase.
With the new model on the market, it is expected that the company’s full-scale operations will enter a new pace of release, and the size of the harvest is expected to be renewed. The net profit on maternity is strong, with high innovation.
Figure 3: Revenue from the Great Wall ' s vehicle operations from 2018 to 2022 The net profit from the parent (millions of dollars) - growth capacity has made another breakthrough. The Māori rate is expected to rise steadily as the company ' s entire fleet moves into a new rate of release and steady growth in the size of the harvest.
In 2018-2022, sales costs and management costs were properly regulated; the rate of research and development costs increased year by year, mainly because of the company’s increasing investment in research and development projects such as smartness, electric motorization, new models, etc. Figure 5: Gross profits of the Great Wall cars 2018-2022
The five major brands are all “new” and the new energy strategy is accelerating, the five major brands under the Wall's car flag are all “new.” The Wall's car flag has five major brands: Haf, Wei, Ora, Long Wall pickups and tanks, with products covering Suv, sedans, pickups, and three major categories, powered by traditional power and new energy vehicles. Haf continues to build new poles of value for the new energy suv; and the Wall's pickup is committed to becoming the world's first largest band of high-end pickups.
Chart 7: The Great Wall under Car Flags: Haf, Pekka, Haf, Longmax
Full power four-drive new energy subv Full-power-sensitive subv, but city can be electrified.
Haferh6 New Energy, 3rd generation H6dht-phev, my dream rides.
The new generation's hip-dip runner, the suv sales champion, Haft Red.
With a big sleeve, a smart-ass lake, it's more than a generation ahead of it, hunting for new targets.
Huff Dog, new home-based suv, smart hard-pitched all-terrain suv.
I'm playing with my new companions, the mountain cannons, the Great Wall cannons, and the pickups.
Gold Kong Gun, Fashion commercial pickups, hard core toys.
Large-scale, high-performance luxury skin, high-rise pickups, domestic and export for 24 years.
The Great Wall Gun - Commercial Pit, Windy 7, all over the country produces the Big Pit.
The new generation of Internet pickups, the Great Wall's long-lasting quality, and five brands are moving towards a "new" and a new energy strategy.
In addition to the five mature brands already in place, the Wall car is incubating a brand-new brand. Sharon will then launch a full range of machine-car products, such as cars, suv, and sedans, and continue to refine the product matrix to group the new energy matrix towards a rapidly expanding new energy market.
Chart 8: The Great Wall under Car Flag: Wei, Tank, Ora, Sharon, Blue Hill, dht-phev, new generation of smart dht
Smart Land Cruiser suv, O'La Ballet Cat, with a fine seat for the women's section.
The hybrid system reboots, the he4 redefines the commingled ceiling, and the he4 redefines the commingled ceiling. The Wall vehicle began to mix in 2012, issuing Wei's first plug-in p8 in 2018, with a traditional single power unit p4 structure; and the lemon commingled dht in 2020, with a “dht-mixing structure, with a variety of working modes of pure power, commingling, bonding, energy recovery, etc., by controlling the system's intelligence
Switching to achieve a perfect balance between full-speed, full-scale efficiency and high-performance performance. In 2023, a new four-drive power mix was launched, creating a four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way, four-way.
The Great Wall has a new hi4: more cost-effective, more remote, and more secure. The Wall has a new four-drive power mix technology, which is a global start. h (hybrid) is a hybrid, i (intelligent) for intelligence, and 4 (4wd) for a four-drive system. 1) He4 has achieved the best overall performance and a full-scale driver; he4 has achieved a four-way experience and two-drive innovation; 2) he4 has been able to achieve a three-model nine-model dynamic switch using a twin-axis chain and a combined four-drive configuration; 3) the new hi4 contains a combined power mix of two sets, with a full vehicle capacity of 340kw, covering the a-c-size model; and (4) the new hi4 has achieved four-way experience and two-drive prices.
G, four-drive performance, two-drive energy consumption.
Powerless, quieter, smoother, smoother, better.
2 Add two-axis control functions for two-axis, two-axis two-axis, two-axis two-way, one-way, one-way, two-way, two-way power, two-three power, simultaneous power output, four-drive, instantaneous.
Four-by-four-for-a-lifetime, dust-out, machine-driven decoupling, unsmoking, smoothing, easy-driving.
2 mixed specialized generators, 150kw high-efficiency power drive, 96.5% more efficient 3itvc smart torque vector control system: smart surveillance repair
33-m3-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0.
Three working models for axle energy recovery: the enabling of forest ecosystems, the new energy source, the new energy source of forest ecosystems, the new energy source of the new energy source. The Great Wall car has developed high technology, made up of a matrix of products, smart technology, new energy, and the four operational blocks of the system.
The Great Wall Forest Ecology, which is centred on a full-scale vehicle, with new energy sources, intelligence, etc. related technology industries, will be followed by a full-scale, productive forest ecology.
The growth of the b/c suv market has become the main driving force behind the driving of the car market. According to the report on vacation trips in 2025, 2020-2022q1, the “self-drive” claim has begun to rebound, rising from 23.34% to 33.03%, rapidly approaching the “get-to-work” of the first car purchase claim in the past. The b/c suv market will certainly benefit fully from the rapid rise of new car claims, such as self-driving.
Figure 12: The market of b/c-suv fully benefits from the needs of children, parents, and the two types of support securities in b/c-suv. Since 2016, the proportion of families with many children has risen significantly, with the proportion of families with two children/three children and above accounting for 40.5 per cent/9.8 per cent, respectively, in 2020, as a result of changes in fertility policy.
According to research data, families tend to choose large spaces, seating suv, mpv models.
The ageing process is accelerating, with an estimated 24.4% of the elderly population in 2027; nearly 60% of young users live with their parents in the same city, 30% of whom buy cars taking into account the need of the elderly, while the larger suv, mpv can better meet the need of the older population for common cars.
An analysis of the car needs of the elderly as a passenger, while the whole family sits together in close proximity, and the elderly as a passenger require comfort and warm care;
♪ Big spaces, lots of seats are a family trip, flexible spaces, welfare facilities, health functions, open doors, etc. ♪ ♪ Let the old man have a better ride ♪
The traditional luxury, the new power, the head autonomous car, the b/c-grade suv market, the new power, the head autonomous car, the b/c-suv market, the traditional luxurious brand, the Mercedes is the only lavish brand, the disk clients are large and the number of guests in 2016-2022 is 3.31 million; 2) the new power of car creation, idealized as the leader of the b/c-level new energy suv; the power of the power switch and the customer retention base is available; 3) the head brand, the head ownership, the head brand, the head brand, the owner of which is the owner.
New products such as mpv, large 6/7 suv in future planning; personalized image of tank hardware, with hybrid technology. Chart 15: Traditional luxury, new power, head auto initiative to b/c level suv market
The new power of car-making, head branding, ideal 1 has become the leader of the medium-sized new energy suv.
Benz is the only brand that plays luxury, and it's out in circles, mpv leads, and it's going to expand to big suv, 2023, and it's going to be on the market for new products like n7, large 6-7 suvs in future planning.
To change barriers and maintain a personalized image of the client base, two tank hardcores, with hybrid technology, new energy generation is the most efficient and effective.
Promising, ideal, past year b/csuv sales (millions)
Accumulated holdings in 2016-2022 Benzb/csuv (thousands of vehicles)
Between; six large layouts with 2+2+2 with three rows of space wide and heated up; (2) power performance with a plug-in hybrid system consisting of 1.5t motors and two power units in front and back on Blue Mountain, 0-100 km/hour acceleration time of 4.9 seconds.
In terms of the cost of using six suv Blue Hills on the market, the new smart energy source is new. 3) Blue Mountain can be electrified and free of constant anxiety. City scenes have electricity up to 180 km; high-speed scenes have oil and power supply is 6.7l/100 km; 4) smart cabins are full of intelligence, luxury, and comfort. Blue Hills are equipped with a new smart cabin, a pilot with a millimeter of intelligence; front rows are equipped with a 27-inch float.
Big screen, 25 inch hud up, Queen's Queen + Seat Heating/Filing/Mush, Second Platoon with napa real-skin independent seats, folding small panels, manual shades, smart limousine, Chart 17: Blue Mountain Smart Room, Hi4 Help Hafer Reform, new energy transformation is expected.
Hafer product lines have been recoupled, oil trucks and new energy sub-grids have been recoupled, and oil trucks and new energy sub-networks have been recoupled. 1) The new energy network consists of three sequences, namely, new new energy dragon series, hard-to-do dog series, urban suv sequence; 2) fuel truck networks have streamlined product lines, with 100,000-to-one-block dog series, h6 series; red rabbits have been moved down to less than 100,000; h5 and h9 locator vehicles.
Chart 18: Harford's product line recombinant.
Hover's New Dragon Source Network, New Energy X-Long Series, Hafer Car Networker.
The dog series, the h6 series, the Haf red hare, the new energy channel dragon network, was opened, and there were over 500 stores at the end of the year.
On March 27, 2023, the Hover brand published the new energy distribution network, known as the Dragonnet, and the new energy products sold on its own, which is expected to be over 500 by the end of the year. 1) The distribution network, which will be independent but will remain a dealer model, and which will be prioritized by Hafer’s original dealership; 2) the new channel and the fuel truck will be separated, and the new energy series will be called the Huffronnet, similar to the Biade dynasty, the Ocean Network; 3) the Dragonnet will launch a new standardized design, with Huff’s unified logo.
I'm going to go to the store with the online clues.
New energy penetration rates are rising, mixed growth rates are rising and mixed growth rates are increasing. In March 2023, 546,000 new energy vehicles were retailed on board, with 34.3% of new energy penetration compared to 6.1%. Of these, 386,000 were retailed by bev, compared to 7.3%; and 160 million were retailed by phev, compared to 88.6% in mixed cities using electricity and high-speed oil, effectively mitigating new energy.
The distance anxiety of the source vehicle is expected to sustain a strong growth rate. Chart 21: Retail penetration of new energy vehicles and trends in bev & phev sales per month.
The new energy penetration in the compact suv market has increased monthly since 2023, reaching 26.94 per cent in March; among these, the new energy vehicle, the medium-song plus, the dollar plus, the Songpro, and the aiony, are selling its best. The Hover brand has moved to “new” and launched the Dragon Twin Star Matrix, with the dragon max head on to hi4. Hi4 technology has brought users “four-way experience, two-drive price, four-drive performance, two-drive energy consumption” and is expected to boost the market share of the suv new energy vehicle.
Figure 23: Mainly compact new energy subv sales in January-March 2023 Figure 22: Condensed new energy vehicle sales and penetration rates in January-March 2023
Dragon max leads by Hi4 with a full lead in new intelligent energy. 1) cabin space: 4758 x 1895 x 1725 mm gold proportional body, 2800 mm axle range exceeding the same level; 2) power performance: wltc combined fuel at 1.78l/100km, feed at 5.5l/100km, complete electrical renewal at 83km, fast-filled 33kw; 3) smart cabin: through hypersuspension screen, w-hud head up, multiscreen interaction; co-pilot air conditioning temperature, chair ventilation heating, voice positioning; 4) auxiliary driving: intelligent cruise aid, smart bending, motorway intelligent driving aids, etc.
We believe that, in the second quarter, the motor sector’s demand has stabilized and the industry’s beta will return to growth; at the same time, the Wall’s deep-farming intelligent electrodynamics are the strongest in terms of its own alpha attributes. Companies are expected to sell less than expected in the automobile industry, and competition in the industry is expected to intensify.
The data used in the present report are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company.