The Great Wall car (60163.sh) short-term pressure on profitability, waiting for new product volumes to drive up.
Overseas sales grew by 77 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and sales restructuring led to an increase in the average price of bicycles on a year-on-year basis. 2301 Wall cars collected 29.39 billion yuan, corresponding to 13.6 per cent/-23.3 per cent of the ring ratio and a net profit to mothers of 174 million yuan, compared to 100 per cent of the ring). 2301 Wall cars sold by 22 million vehicles, corresponding to 22.4 per cent/-17.1 per cent of the ring, according to brand names.
Huff brand sales 126,000, corresponding to 24.6%/-22.4%; Wey brand sales 0.3 thousand, card sales 18,000, same ring sales 47.4%/-7.8%; tank brand sales 24,000, same ring sales 10,000, same percentage as the increase in the main 23q1 tank sales + 1.9 pct, share of pickup card sales
52,000 overseas cumulative sales, +77.3 per cent, and 28,000 new energy vehicles, 21.5 per cent. Decline in sales and cost increases to curb profitability in the short term. 2301 Great Wall total Māori is 16.1 per cent, with increases in the construction of the Haver New Energy Dragon Network, the second generation of Big Dogs, etc.
(2) R & D costs: sustained focus on new products and technology development; 2301 net interest rate of 0.6 per cent, with new energy strategies moving forward in comparison to the ring, with sales driven by a better look at new vehicle-type releases. 1) New product dimensions: Ha F 2-generation big dogs on the market in February, Haffron, Dragon Max, Blue Mount Wei, dht-phev, etc.
Great Wall Motors (60163.sh) 2022 continues to increase profits and new energy wars are expected to result in increased sales; 2) Technological dimensions: mix, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, three major issues.
Precision of inputs in the field, introduction of strategies and advanced technologies, and release of smart 4-drive mix technology hi4 (through the "Great Wall Cars" (60163.sh) - mid-point rating: 59 per cent higher in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, with the first new new Hover-type energy vehicle on the market in the recent past); 3) organizational change dimension: through the "Big Backstage, "
The Wall has built a set of forest ecosystems that cut across the core parts and components, and is continuing to transform and develop the new energy sources of the Wall.
The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) - Reported Performance Pre-Assessment: Optimizing Product Structures Investment Recommendations: Keeping the “buy-in” rating of the new energy strategy shift through the rollback of the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2023, many cars continue to roll down price reduction measures.
2301 Grand Wall car sales, 22 million vehicles, 22.4%/-17.1% of the same ring ratio, sub-brands, 132,000 yuan of the company ' s 23q1, + 13,000 yuan of the same, +10,000 yuan of the same ring, and + 1.9 pct of the same scale of sales of the main 23q1 tank, + 7.0 pct of the same proportion of sales of the same card, below the ring.
The decrease is mainly due to the weight ring ratio of the 23q1 tank brand sales - 2.1 pct; the cumulative overseas sales of 52,000 23q1 vehicles, i.e. +77.3 per cent, and the sales of 28,000 new energy vehicles, i.e. 21.5 per cent, respectively; the full release of the emulation effect; and the sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates of 2301 companies, i.e., respectively
The increase is expected mainly to be in the order of 1) sales costs: increased expenditures for new vehicles such as Hafer ' s New Energy Dragon Network, second-generation big dogs, promotional activities, etc.; 2) R & D costs: continued focus on new products and technology development.
Figure 6: The Wall Quarterly Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Change Figure 7: The Wall Quarterly Four Cost Ratio Changes for the Wall Quarterly
Figure 9: Wall vehicle revenue and profits by quarter (million yuan) Figure 10: Wall vehicle by year (thousand dollars) Sales: company sales of 1.62 million vehicles in 2022, of which 172,000 were sold in overseas markets.
The same ratio increased by +23.1 per cent, new energy vehicles sold by 12 million vehicles, 13.8 per cent, and new energy vehicles achieved sales revenue of 146 billion yuan, with an average vehicle cost of 123,000 yuan. The 22-year Great Wall smart car model sales amounted to 86.2 per cent, while the sales of vehicles above $200,000 increased to 15.3 per cent, the product structure continued to improve and the brands showed significant upwards performance.
The Great Wall has five major brands of Haf, Wei, Ora, Long Wall pickup and tanks under the banner of the Wall; the products cover three broad categories of product: suv, sedans, pickups, powered by traditional power and new energy models; and a net interest rate of 0.6 per cent, corresponding to the ring -4.3 pct/-0.3 pct, with a net profit of $0.08 million per vehicle (22q4 vs. $0.04 million).
Hafer brand: 23q1 Haver: 126,000, corresponding to the Ring 24.6%/-22.4%, continues to build new labels for the value of new energy sub-values by “new energy suv dht-phev, bright Haf 2-generation dogs”. Under the new sequence, new channels, new models, new technologies, new products, all-new dragon sequences of new energy sources.
The heavy-pound car, Hoff Hoff Hoff Hoff Hoff H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H, will meet consumer expectations for new energy subv with the help of H-Hover's new energy distribution network, the H-H-F-R-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-E-N-E-E-N-E-E-E-N-E-E-N-E-E-T. Wey brand: hard-line "0 Anxiety Smart Power" branding, based on the two cores of "dht" and coffee intelligence.
The technology, which is listed on the market as Mochadht-phev, latte dht-phev, six smart suv Blue Mount dht-phev, continuously perfects the matrix of the coffee smart series, with a sales volume of 0.3 million vehicles, corresponding to 76.2 per cent/-42.5 per cent of the same ring.
The Great Wall Pika: The Great Wall Guns, Winds, and Golden Steel United Pyka Market is the top three sellers of a bicycle. In January-March, the Great Wall Peaks sold 48,817 vehicles, an increase of 14 per cent compared to the previous year; the national terminal was over 50 per cent in the first quarter. Large-scale high-capacity, luxury pyka sea cannons joined hands to open up the Arctic Crossing Operation, exploring the Arctic and demonstrating the family's success.
The king of the outside world has a car value. The cannons automatically block hard cores from the market and inject new Eura brands into the country’s 100,000-dollar pickup market: 23,01 Euros for 18,000, corresponding to the ring 47.4%/-7.8%; and 22 years of marketed ballet cats, lightning cats, two new models of pure electric vehicles with full product power, front-line design, safety shaping concepts and patent technology applications.
Tank brands: 126,000 vehicles sold in 22 years, +47.2 per cent of the year; tank brands cumulatively sold out over 200,000, redefining the medium-sized business luxury suv standard. The new tank brands re-emerged at the end of the 22nd year, with a positive re-entry of 500phev, leading to a full-scale upgrading of the experience with the new energy attributes.
Figure 11: Great Wall car sales (millions) and speed of increase (%): Wall sub-brand sales (millions) and speed (%): Wall quarterly vehicle sales (vehicles) and speed of increase (%)
Figure 14: Great Wall car exports and sales of new energy vehicles (cars) The Great Wall is operated by a complete research and marketing system and localized users in a mutually reinforcing development pattern with a global “onegwm” global branding programme of action will also be instrumental
In 2023, under the leadership of a new management team, the Great Wall, under the leadership of the new management team, will deepen its efforts to improve the ecosystem of the forest.
Development of new energy sources, intelligence, and globalization, and a new wave of high-quality growth. Power is beginning a new journey: (i) the forest ecosystems continue to thrive, enabling intelligent new energy sources to develop rapidly. The Great Wall is the only one in China. The world has only completed energy, intelligence is flattening, networked,
The decentralized industry chain layouts have built up multi-species interactions and continuously evolving forest ecosystems, developed a well-developed industrial layout, and created efficient synergies between core technological autonomy and organizational systems.
(2) The new car is ready for launch, with more than a dozen new energy products such as Haffron and Wei Blue Hillsphev expected to be on the market in 2023. In 2023, covering different brands such as Hafford/Wei/Ola, the Great Wall's forest ecosystem will continue to function, in new sequences and sequences.
Under the initiative of new channels, new models, new technologies, new products, comprehensive deployments of new and intelligent energy sources to continuously develop product clusters to meet consumer diversity needs. Hafer's second generation dogs, on February 27, are on the market, transmitting family off-road genes, providing users with a full-scale experience of “City, Wild, Electric.” Hafer's new energy sources.
Sequence — Haffron-max, Huff-Rone, Blue Hill, dht-phev will also be on the market in the near future. (3) Pure electricity, mixing, hydrogen energy parallels, new energy strategies accelerate landing. In the field of mixing, dht became an important anchor in the Wall ' s matrix for expanding new energy products, with new brands under the flag.
With the expansion of dht capacity and the upgrading of products, the Great Wall’s technological advantages and market occupancy in the new energy sector will increase further. The Wall has also recently released a completely new intelligent four-way mix of power hi4 to achieve a three-power two-axis distribution.
New heights of the hybrid "new configuration", "new breakthroughs" of the intvc intelligent torque vector control system, and collusive coupling systems; designed specifically for the high-level driving demand of the new energy landscape, to achieve a true "four-drive experience, two-drive price, four-drive performance, two-drive energy consumption".
The new energy products of the Great Wall will also be fully available in 2024, starting with the opening of technology and a four-way era for all. In March, the results of the evaluation of the Sixth World Ten Grail and the first World Ten-Fifty Mixed Power System, sponsored by the Automobile Evaluation Institute, were officially released.
The Wall dht won the first World's Ten-Wide Mixed System, and the Wall 9at the World's Ten-Winners. Investment advice: keep an eye on the Wall's new energy strategy and keep the "buy-in" rating.
Over 23 years, the multi-pound vehicle model is also expected to bring about an increase in sales; (2) technological dimensions: precision inputs in the three main areas of mixing, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, and the introduction of strategies and advanced technologies, with the recent release of smart four-drive hybrid technologies.
Backstage, center stage, small front desk, building a global 3.0-page structure. The Great Wall has built a set of forest ecosystems that cut through the core parts and components, and the Wall continues to grow, and we keep looking at the Wall's new energy strategy for accelerating its landing and promoting its performance.
Taking into account the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2023, the successive introduction of price reduction measures to guarantee sales, the slowdown in the increase in the volume of trade end sales and the fierce competition in prices, and the downward forecast of profits, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author