The Great Wall Car: A steady growth in performance in 2022, with a strong growth in the number of people living in the country.
Accelerating the new energy transformation in 2023 — Great Wall Cars (601633) tracking report 1. Wall Cars: 2203 outperforms expectations, with single-car deductions rising to almost two years of net profit.
Wall car: 22h1 net profit increases and continues to look at corporate product structure optimization 3. Continued upward shocks into higher profit areas in Suv
Growth of 0.7%; net return to mothers of $8.27 billion, a 22.9% increase over the same period, is mainly due to an increase in exchange rate earnings in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the company achieved revenue of $37.860 billion in 22q4, which we believe is mainly: 1) 22q4 for the end-of-year employee award, with an increase in the cost of raising costs: 2) for clean-up
The main benefits are improved product structure, higher prices for single cars, and higher Māori rates. In 2022, companies changed their organizational structure, added new product cycles, and looked forward to the company’s new energy transformation in 2023.
The share of the share in circulation a (%) will be consolidated by branding Wei and tanks, Ora and Sharon, using a two-brand business model, which will be fully integrated in organizational management.
New energy sources and global markets; Ora and Sharon focus on pure electricity, with Sharon's brand ceo flying as Sharon and Ola's brand ceo. Brand integration helps companies to tilt their resources towards new energy sources and accelerate the pace of the new energy transition.
Blue Mountain, Haver Dragons, Dragon Max, Haver's second-generation dog, Phev, etc., continue the new life cycle and watch the company's new energy transition in 2023.
Double power chain and combined power to four-drive hybrid configurations. Hi4 technology architecture consists of mixed motors, he4-pre-drive module totals, he4-drive module totals and high-efficiency power cells, 1.5l/1.5t two mixed motors with high engineering heat efficiency of 41.5 per cent, and he4-drivers total transmissions
The total power efficiency of the driving module after 98.hi4 was 96.5 per cent: four new four-drive, four-drive, two-axis energy recovery, three models to achieve a 3-by-nine model; four-drive, two-drill, four-drive, four-drive, four-drive, two-drive, two-drive, two-drill, two-drive, two-drill fuel consumption, and a better value.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Considering that companies have accelerated the transformation of new energy sources since 2023, the transition will lead to an increased shift in resources towards new energy sources, we lower the company ' s profit projections. We predict that the public Sinda Securities Company Ltd.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of 9 Downtown, Beijing, Beijing. Risk factors: new cars are not being rolled out as expected, new cars are being sold as expected, industry competition is increasing, etc.
0.7 per cent long, with a small increase in revenue; net profit attributable to the mother is $8.27 billion, compared with +22.9 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in exchange rate earnings.
2. The product structure has improved, and the income of the bicycles has been weak. The sales structure shows a 57.8% sales of the Hover brand in 2022, a 2.4pc decline, and a 11.3% sales of the tank brand, a ratio of +4.7pc.
Figure 10: Quarterly sales of companies (millions) and speed of increase
143,000 yuan, year-on-year +24.2 per cent, ring +8.5 per cent. Figure 14: Companies' quarterly single-car revenues (millions) and speed of increase. Figure 15: Companies ' annual single-car annual net profit (in dollars) and speed of increase
Three, four, four, four, four, four, and a new, mixed chapter. The Great Wall hi4 technology is a trunk-and-axis two-power chain and connects to four-drive hybrid configurations. The hi4 structure consists of mixed motors, styling dht transmission tanks, high power-efficient back-up bridges and low-improving power cells.
The hi4 technology is structurally equivalent to changing the p1+p3 power mix from the front axis to the p2 power unit, while adding p4 power to the back axis. The whole new hi4 contains two power packages with a system power of 340kw, covering a-c class of vehicles. The he4 technology module cores are industry leading: 1.5l/1.5t two special engines, with a high engineering heat efficiency of 41.5% and fuel consumption.
A 6-7 per cent reduction; a 98 per cent transfer efficiency for the pre-hi4 drive, which allows simultaneous replacement of frustration and work-model smart switching; a 150kw power for the total power generation of the post-hi4 drive module and a 96.5 per cent power efficiency; and a power cell with a fast-loading function, which enables a pure electrical renewal of more than 100 km.
The system is smart enough to use two-way, four-way, four-way, one-way, two-stage, two-way, four-by-four, one-axis, nine-by-axis, two-axis energy recovery models, and to match the optimal working mode with the flexibility of any event scene.
Hi4 adds three models of pure four-drive, combined four-drive, and double-axis energy recovery, compared to six models of the mainstream dual-power mix. In pure-electric mode, p2 and p4 power units are involved in driving the wheels simultaneously, and a four-drive mode can be achieved: in parallel mode, engines can drive the front wheel, the p4 engine can drive the back wheel simultaneously, and the four-drive mode is also achieved; in slow-down or downhill conditions,
The front wheel drives the front bridge p2, the rear wheel pulls the rear axle p4 together to power the battery, leading to forward-and-axial energy recovery. The whole new hi4 structure has the advantage of four-drive experience, two-drive prices, four-drive performance, two-drive fuel consumption.
With a technology of 3 accelerometers, it can achieve an adaptive transition, maintain the best efficiency points in front-to-back and double power, while the engine is the shortest and most efficient in direct transmission links, and eventually the hi4 technology achieves lower fuel and electricity across the scene.
Taking into account that companies have accelerated the transformation of new energy sources since 2023, the transition process will result in an increased shift in resources towards new energy sources, and my new vehicle will be launched less than expected, new cars will be sold less than expected, industry competition will increase, etc. 4 team core members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry will be good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Master's degree.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering smart cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.