China ' s Centre for Research on Resources and Environment (CREDE) buy-in (first rating) of iron (601390.sh) into a high-quality development phase and improved efficiency of operations
Inherent impressions need to evolve over time, the most likely way out is to increase profitability in the context of deleveraging/high-quality development: we believe that, in addition to the macrologic improvements in the capital fixture board, the hard constraints of deleveraging will push companies into a high-quality development phase. Assuming a 75% asset-liability ratio in 2020,
It was found that: 1) the company ' s operating cash flow was good enough (110 per cent in 2017 and 73 per cent of the target data we set up was the head of the core construction company), thus leaving less room for marginal improvement in current treasury liabilities; 2) in the case of 73 per cent in the current collection, the company needed it.
Maintain a reasonable level of cash flow through a chain of liabilities, such as pre-collected/payable accounts, which will continue to grow as long as the company continues to grow: 3) Under the ppp return trend, the company is therefore more likely to deleveraging by increasing equity financing and increasing profitability to improve performance
There are two ways, but too much equity financing puts pressure on the secondary market. Only by improving the quality of business is it possible to satisfy the three-way demand for deleveraging/quality development/shareholder benefits.
Increased management efficiency from one to the other. By comparing the per capita output of eight construction firms/senior high schools/senior education employees/subcontracting costs as a proportion of the total cost, we find that the company ' s per capita output is low (about 60% of China ' s total) due to the closeness of the number of employees in high schools/students and below.
Sixty per cent (only 30 per cent in China) was too high, and the company ' s sub-contracting costs as a percentage of total costs were only 11 per cent (37 per cent in China), so that the company preferred a construction enterprise, but this also provided sufficient space for the public division to move from construction to management; and two orders structure trends were increasing the Maori rate.
Since 2010, the ratio of corporate municipal/road orders has risen from 37.2 per cent to 52.2 per cent; since 2015, corporate investment orders have increased from 5.5 per cent to 27.9 per cent of capital operations in 2017; and the Māori rate of capital operations has a more pronounced negative relationship with ppi, which we expect will be located in 2019.
In the lower route, the trend towards higher corporate Māori rates will be further defined; 2) rapid improvement in short-term business quality: 1 We anticipate that the impairment loss in the goods trade business has been largely accounted for. 2 We predict that Wong Jun-wook will be able to pay for it.
It is hoped that corporate taxes and fees will be further reduced in the context of a large reduction in fees and taxes.
The market's inherently “investment impression” of China's iron is the capital, the value, and the performance of China's iron, but I think that the current point is, in addition to the macrologic of the capital, the bottom-up fundamentals of the company.
We believe that the company will enter a new phase of development along with China’s economy’s “quality development,” and that “leveraging” will push the company into a high-quality phase of development.  Reducing the asset-liability ratio to 75% by 2020 is a mandatory requirement of the National Finance Commission to reduce the asset-liability burden.
The three ways in which rates are commonly used are equity financing/reducing net increases in liabilities/improving the quality of operations. 1) Equity financing: it is easy to dilute the parent company's ps and the long-term equity financing costs of the company under the current valuation are about 10%, leading to stock price pressure.
We believe that companies will be under greater pressure to use excessive equity financing. 2) Reduce net increases in liabilities: we divide China’s iron and iron liabilities into “cash-flow liabilities” and “combined liabilities” and “industry-chain liabilities.”
Horizontal comparisons, corporate collections are better than those of other construction companies, local state corporations, and the leading companies: 2 current receipts = cash received in the current year/year, i.e. cash recovered in the current year. The company’s historical current receipts are about 73%, the same level.
As a result, we believe that the company's operating cash flow returns are excellent enough to reduce the edge of its cash flow liabilities by further improving its operating cash flow.
The size of the company’s industrial chain debt has been constantly rising, with 2018q3 chain debt of $422.7 billion, an increase of $1.7 billion since the beginning of the year. We believe that an increase in the size of the company’s operations will usually lead to an increase in the size of the industry chain debt.
Adding and tabulating the liability of the company, which is mainly due to the increase in the scope of the consolidation, which results in the “internalization” of the in vitro liability, thereby increasing the liability within the scope of the consolidated statement. Ppp returns to the table, which is the main trend, and we believe that the continuation of the trend of the ppp project “reflection table” will result.
We therefore believe that the company's net liability is being reduced by reducing its liabilities, given that there is little room for improvement in cash flow liabilities, that the value of the industry chain liabilities increases with the growth of the company's size, that the trend of ppps increases and that the value of the liabilities increases.
The way the increases are increased is more difficult to leverage. 3) Improving the quality of business: a path to quality development that also meets corporate deleveraging, high-quality development and secondary market demands
Increasing profitability is one of the most high-quality growth options for marginal improvements: (1) an increase in the Māori rate of capital operations;2 a significant decrease in impairment losses of assets; and3 a decline in tax revenues in the context of a large overall cost reduction tax. We believe that an increase in Māori rates is a long-term way to improve the quality of the company’s operations.
The company’s capital sector is huge (86% of revenue), with an outstanding contract value of $2.35 trillion, which is 3.9 times the corresponding revenue in 2017. At the same time, the company’s share in rail/city track/highway markets is 45/50/12%, but its strong competitiveness has not led to an increase in bargaining power, and the capital sector is gross.
Interest rates are still generally low (7.6%). An analysis of historical data shows that gross profits on the company’s capital sector have more to do with the Māori rate than with the harvest.
The number of employees as a percentage of total costs, and we find that the company ' s average per capita output (about 60 per cent of China ' s total) is due to the fact that nearly 60 per cent of employees in high schools and below (only 30 per cent of China ' s total) are over-represented, and that the company ' s subcontracting costs represent only a share of total costs.
11% (37% in China) is too low, so companies are more inclined to be a construction enterprise, but this also provides ample room for companies to move from construction to management.
The Mäori Upliftment Path III: The Mäori Level of Capital Business has a more pronounced negative relationship with ppi. We expect pi to be in a downwards path in 2019, which will further determine the rapid improvement in the quality of short-term business: 1 We expect that the impairment loss of real-estate business has been largely eliminated.
2 We project a further decline in corporate taxes and charges in the context of a larger reduction in fees and taxes.2 Other core business: the net interest rate for real estate is expected to be around 10%, the second largest operating block contributing to performance.
By the end of September, the company had a cumulative contract of 36.4 billion yuan, an increase of 51%. Considering the company’s wealth of land, sales have increased and real estate operations have increased.
We expect that in 2018, the company that created the company’s railway/city track design capability will take the lead, and that the market for surveying the design business will continue to grow.
With a new single growth rate of 39/84 per cent for 2017/2018h1, it is expected that, against the backdrop of an overall increase in concentration in the design industry, the company’s design operations will continue to grow robustly with a strong capacity. The company is the absolute leader in the manufacture of high-end equipment in the field of transport, with high-speed barriers to technology.
Business markets (more than 250 km per hour) account for 65% of operations, heavy-load fork markets for more than 50%, and are the largest research and development manufacturer in Asia, the second largest global shield, with 40% of the city. Corporate industrial manufacturing operations are expected to grow steadily against the backdrop of capital shortages and high-iron investment growth.
China's “investment impression” of China's iron: Capital Sone, rising valuations, and strong performance 2.1 China's “investment strategy” of China's irons: “As long as capital is put in place, it can be bought”  The large cycle of rising corporate stock prices has traditionally been the result of an improvement in top-down macrological margins.
The idea of building blues is almost always a top-down investment logic, and only if there is a marginal change at the macro level will good focus on building blues, and from the bottom-up point of view, little attention is paid to investors. From the historical review of iron in the middle of the country, corporate stock prices have historically increased in times of macroeconomic logic.
As a result of the Great Marginal Improvement, bottom-up performance over-expected increases are much lower than the top-down macro improvement. The logic of investing in China’s Central Iron is, as it seems, “bought by putting capital on it,” and the probability of investing in China’s Iron Steel victory may be quite high.
In a major upswing cycle, companies have gone through four major ups and downs since they were listed, with different forces driving their performance ahead of expectations. In the wake of the financial crisis, the country’s economy continued to be depressed, with four declines in terms of benchmark interest rates for loans in October-December, with a total reduction of 1.89%.
At the beginning of 2009, a broad-currency broad-credit phase was under way, along with increased capital investments, such as railways, capital investment, leading to a two-fold increase in corporate order collections (the cumulative increase in 2009 was 41 per cent from the new order of $601.8 billion signed by China and China); the same increase in revenue was 48 per cent; and the year ' s semi-annual performance of the company was overtaken by expectations.
By the 2012 q2 , gdp experienced another six consecutive quarters of the same season, with weak economic performance. But central bank policy was relatively cautious compared to the previous round of capital easing, with a two-time reduction in interest rates (the deposit benchmark rate was below).
Monthly capital investment is returning at a rate of more than 20%. China’s performance against the background of China’s growth rate in the same period has been more pronounced, spurred by the easing of capital on this wheel, thus pushing the company’s share price to rebound from low to 35% in five months.
2.0 resulted in significant capital inflows and a rise in the overall stock market; 2) strong signs of monetary easing from macro-policy circles; 3) “a roundabout” presented in 2013, but substantive policy documents began to be signed between China and Kuwait on the Silk Road in June 2014
After that, China and the countries along the route began to sign major cooperation agreements. In December 2014, the Central Economic Work Meeting included “a roundabout” as one of the three main strategies of the country.
"A Vision and Action to Promote the Economic Belt of the Silk Road Together and the Sea Silk Road of the 21st Century " , "One Way" top-level planning was completed, the building blocks jumped to the top, and the price of iron in the country rose by about 700% in mid-year.
In 2016, ppp moved from the bud to the booming construction industry. In August 2016, the CDRC issued "On the Realization of Traditional Foundations " .
Since July 31, the Central Political Office has defined “Enhancing the Capacity of the Infrastructure Sector” and “Backgrounds.”
Since building steady growth, the associated heavy weight policy has continued to be in place; and, “Standing down the levers, keeping the pace and pace, and coordinating the implementation of policies: on 7 August, China Railways officials confirmed that in 2018, more than $800 billion in fixed-assets investment in railways had been made, far more than enough.
(b) On 14 August, the Ministry of Finance published an opinion on the completion of the issue of special local government bonds, which clearly indicated the need to expedite the issuance of specific bonds;
Work on a timetable and road map to increase transport infrastructure shortboards (2018-2020) will be issued as a matter of urgency; on 31 October, guidance was issued from the Office of the State Council on the implementation of capital panels, proposing four main themes: “Focus shortboards, synergy, clustering, risk prevention”
In principle, the general approach is to ensure that local debt risks are strictly protected, while accelerating planning, approval, and the implementation of major capital projects, with the practical aim of accelerating the release of capital short-board benefits. We believe that strong regulatory measures slow down, monetary credit margins eased, and the biggest disincentives to capital construction.
The rhetoric and consumption pressure, the trade war between China and the United States is highly variable, the economic role of the capital is increasing, and the capital is either a “refilling board” that will run through 2019. 2.2 China’s basic image of iron: the capital is a rock.
Because historically, the “big boom” in corporate stock prices has been the result of an improvement in top-down macrological margins, markets tend to ignore the company's fundamentals, or the company's fundamentals are so stable that they don't spend too much time predicting future performance, and the market's fundamentals for the company are so great.
In fact, the historical fundamentals of the company are fairly stable, and regardless of the changes in macro-economic conditions, the performance of the company will continue to grow steadily.) The growth of the company has remained stable over the long term, with a complex 17.6 per cent increase in the performance of the company in the last 10 years.
The combined rate of recovery was 14.4 per cent, the combined rate of net profit of the parent was 17.6 per cent, and corporate revenue and profits as a whole were growing steadily; in addition, companies rarely made equity financing and raised $12 billion for projects such as urban orbital transport under way.
This condition is met by only three companies that meet both conditions.3 The ability of the country to achieve high growth in reverse during the lower-line cycle for nearly two years. Chart 3: Corporate operating income has been growing steadily over time.
2) The company’s roe is stable at around 10%, and most of the operating cash flows are positive. The benefits are good business, the company’s roe has been stable in recent years, with 10% fluctuations, and the company’s net assets are not easy at the right level of roe. Moreover, the company’s operating cash flow performance shows that the company’s cash flow is positive.
The net operating cash flow was negative only in a very few years owing to financial constraints on some of the project owners, which could not be paid and settled in a timely manner on a contractual basis, and in most cases the company kept the operating cash flow positive due to strong bargaining power and active cash flow management planning.
Thus, the company’s historical performance is indeed very steady, and it seems that there will be no significant deviations between simple assumptions and the ultimate actual results. And China’s medium- iron business structure is so complex that the factors affecting performance are so many that even in-depth research will make it difficult to obtain a more accurate and reasonable business.
Inherent investment perceptions need to evolve: Leveraging will push companies into high-quality development. 3.1 “America Leveraging” policy material will push firms into high-quality development.
Qualitative growth from high-speed growth to high-quality growth: the most direct manifestation of high-quality growth is a top-down “leveraging” policy.
Since 2016, a number of departments, including the State Department, the Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, have continued to put in place policies to guide the country's efforts to deleveraging, which we consider to be the “most restrictive condition” for its development.
3.2 The total liability will continue to rise and the deleveraging solution: increase in the profitability of the total assets of a company, on the one hand an increase in net assets and, on the other, liabilities, on the other hand
At the end of 2017, the net assets in the corporate consolidated statements were 75%. It was clear that the more equity financing, the faster net profit increases and the smaller the net increase in total liabilities, the lower the leverage rate of the company, so in all three ways the company would prefer which way to go in the future.
The introduction of equity financing: companies face constraints in using equity financing, which would dilute the parent company by resorting to durable debt, renewable bonds or debt swaps and equity financing that absorbs the interests of minority shareholders.
Eps. If the equity financing accumulated by the company over the next three years is $40 billion, when all of the equity financing is in the form of permanent bonds or renewable bonds, the interest paid by the company is about $1.8 billion a year, right (about 4.5% annual interest rate on renewable claims), which will lead to the company's ps.
The rate of increase is less than the net profit increase, which puts pressure on the second-tier market share price. If all of the financing is in the form of an increase in equity, the financing cost of the increase is 1 perpe, as we conclude in " Leverage: Long-Term Opportunities for Building the Big Big Big (One of the Building Industries Leverage Analysis Series) " , the cost of financing the increase is 1 perpe.
The long-term cost of financing a company under the previous pe valuation is about 10%, which is also detrimental to pre-existing shareholders, leading to stock-price pressure. Given that the National Council currently has an assessment of the value added of state-owned assets, we believe that companies are under greater pressure to resort to excessive equity financing.
2) Reduce the net increase in total liabilities: China's Central Iron liabilities are classified as “cash-flow liabilities” and “combined liabilities” and “industry-chain liabilities”, representing, respectively, liabilities that are not reflected in the statement of cash flows (net cash flow for financing) and those that are not reflected in the statement of cash flows, which are not available in the statement of cash flows
The corporate investment cash flow has historically been negative, with most operating cash flows.
Positive figures, while the size of “cash flow liabilities” and the cash flow of investments and operating cash flows are closely linked, such as negative investment cash flows and operating cash flows, where the company needs to provide liquidity through financing, at which point the amount of “cash flow liabilities” is larger, and if the operating cash flow of the company is larger
In positive terms, the company had less pressure on the cash flow during the year and therefore no liability. q3 of the company ' s operating cash flow from investments was mainly due to an increase in long-term equity investments, investment expenditures on historically inherited bt/bot projects, and investments in fixed assets, intangible assets including land tenure and concessions.
In our view, corporate investment cash outflows are often higher than investment cash flows each year because of the expansion of the size of the company’s operations and its business model.
Changes, i.e., as the scale of operations expands, requiring the acquisition of more machinery and equipment, as well as production plants, and as orders such as bt/bot/ppp grow, companies need to invest first and then recover their investments in the long run.
The flow will remain negative, and if the net operating cash flow is negative, the firm will necessarily maintain the necessary size of the cash through the net inflow of the financing cash flow, which will lead to an increase in the financing liabilities. We believe that, in the larger context of deleveraging, the company will control the continued growth of the financing liabilities, because
Net investment-based cash flows may remain negative in the future, so companies can reduce the growth of their financing liabilities over a period of time by increasing the recovery of their operating cash flows, or even by reducing the size of their industry-chain liabilities (i.e. by increasing the repayment of accounts payable).
First, we look at China’s current cash flow from China’s medium iron business. The following figure shows that China’s history has seen more than 95% of the receipts in China’s history.
Many times more than 100%, and in 2018 H1 reached about 110%, which means that the company generated 10 billion dollars in cash and recovered 11 billion dollars in cash, and Chinese iron's cash returns are good enough. And we'll compare China's sales of iron to other construction companies in 2018.
This suggests that China’s Chinese iron cash flow is excellent. It also shows cash flow, figure 11: the company’s receipts are at the top of all core construction companies.
By analysing the company's “current collection ratio” indicators, we define the “current collection ratio” as the ratio of the cash received by the company in the current year (recoveries of prior years are not included in the cash received in the current year) to the current year's income.
In general, operating income and cash received in the current period have the following formula: operating income = cash received in the current period + accounts receivable within one year (including other accounts receivable within one year) + individual amounts generated in the current year that are impaired + amounts of completed outstanding works generated in the current year + projects such as bot/bt
As a result of the fact that the accounts receivable generated in the current year by single accounts receivable with impairments are recognized, we assume that 50 per cent of the accounts receivable (including other accounts receivable) with impairments of individual amounts shown in the accounts are current.
(a) The current collection ratio in China's Central Iron history has remained at 73 per cent left right, which means that 73 per cent of China's 10 billion annual receipts received cash in the same year;
In comparison with China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
China's cash inflows are healthy, in our view, because each project owner is bound to keep a certain amount of security, and Chinese iron can make “industry chain liabilities” by pre-collecting and increasing accounts payable.
There is a strong correlation between the low iron Maori rate in the country, as the cash flow pressure on companies receiving such orders can be very high if the Maori rate is low and the owner pays less in cash, which may result in no construction enterprise willing to accept such orders and, in turn, force the owner to give more favourable terms on the terms of the cash payment.
Of course, the way to improve corporate cash flows is also the way to improve the liquidity of assets, typically by accelerating the turnover of inventory and receivables, and even by securitizing the assets of receivables to improve the liquidity of assets to improve the cash flow of companies. First, we believe that the accounts receivable asset certificate is used.
The sine qua non for bonding is that the net interest rate is greater than the financing rate, because if the net interest rate is less than the financing rate, then there is no loss to the Public Administration in securitizing the assets of the receivables, and the company will not be able to profit from these “receivables,” but will be losing interest on securitization of the receivables.
The vast majority of net interest rates are below 2 per cent, well below the current financing rate, so we do not believe that the firm of last resort will not use securitization of accounts receivable to speed up the turnover of accounts receivable. Therefore, the Division can only improve cash flow by accelerating the settlement of inventory and accounts receivable, but also inventory and receivables.
The speed of settlement is constrained by downstream owners and the company’s initiative is weak. In summary, we believe that the company’s operating cash flow returns are excellent enough to reduce the marginal improvement of its cash flow liabilities by further improving its operating cash flow, while increasing its inventory and receivables.
The speed of settlement of accounts is again constrained by downstream owners, and the company has less space to operate on its own initiative.
As a result of the non-payment of interest on the value of the chain debt, we believe that companies tend to increase the share of the chain debt in the overall liability structure. As noted earlier, China ' s current collection of iron is about 73%, with a 10% Māori ratio.
In order to keep the cash flow healthy, the company could avoid spending too fast on its own cash flow by increasing the amount of “receipts” and “payables”, which would inevitably lead to an increase in the value of the “industry chain debt”.
The model rises with the size of the company's operations, and historically, the value of the company's chain debt has been rising steadily, with the size of the chain debt of q3 companies in 2018 at $422.7 billion, compared to the year.
Added liability: The liabilities arising from the addition of the joint liability are mainly those arising from the increased scope of the consolidation, which results in the “internalization” of the in vitro liability, thereby increasing the liability within the consolidated statement.
Quarterly “short-term borrowing, long-term borrowing and debt-paying bonds” increased by $34.6 billion in real terms from the beginning of the year, and we judge that this was mainly due to the partial “backsheet” of the ppp (the increase in the consolidated liability also includes its incorporation into his non-spv company).
The investment of minority shareholders from local governments or other social finance agents into the capital of Project Spv, in the form of an increase in the rights of minority shareholders in the context of the company's consolidated statements, will lead to an increase in the equity capital of the company in the context of the consolidated statements.
In other words, the company’s increased liabilities are much higher than the equity capital that the balance sheet brings, which negatively affects the company’s leverage. If the trend of ppp’s “backsheet” continues, and the liabilities are or will become the company’s, then the company’s interest capital will be higher.
The main way to increase the total future debt is through the fact that, in the case of already excellent cash flow receipts, the gold current debt is still growing for the vast majority of the time in history, while there is less room for improved operating cash flow and the company has to maintain it.
The appropriate level of cash flow to cope with the change in the financing environment. 2 companies’ industry-chain liabilities have expanded with the scale of their operations, and will show a rising trend in the future: 3 companies’ combined liabilities continue to grow, according to the trend of ppp returns. So we think it's very difficult for companies to leverage by reducing their total liabilities.
3) Increased efficiency of management and increased profitability to improve performance, since equity financing leads to secondary market pressure (which does not mean, of course, that the company does not use equity financing at all to leverage it, the company has made a debt-to-equity transfer and issued 8 billion yen in 2018 to date
With renewed bonds and renewable bonds totalling approximately $19.5 billion, the volume of total future liabilities will also be on the rise. So companies can simultaneously meet deleveraging requirements and investors’ recognition of corporate value, and increasing performance is the only way to balance them, increasing management efficiency and increasing cost management.
Controlling the risk-mitigating phenomenon is an option that is consistent with the current trend of state-owned reform, with a high-quality development strategy for the country as a whole, and with the most favourable changes in capital markets. Indeed, companies are working in these directions, as reported by the Network of Corporate Officials, on November 23, China.
“The main task of the conference is to follow up on the deployment of the Party's strategy for high-quality development at the central level, the State Council and the State Finance Committee, to step up the level of cost management and secondary operations and to accelerate the overall pace of high-quality enterprise development.”
If we assume the company’s accumulated equity financing for 2018-2020 is $40 billion. To meet the company’s annual compound increase in net profits and report it will have to go far beyond 20% in order to meet the hard constraints of deleveraging.
The net increase in total combined statement liabilities has been “exceeded”. Companies are under greater pressure to combine secondary markets with a double-barrel approach, but at the same time provide a greater incentive for companies to change the historical management and business model of good companies.
We believe that there are four broad approaches to corporate deleveraging: 1) to proactively reduce the scale of operations (to proactively reduce the growth of receipts and orders), or to directly pay the liabilities to reduce the debt ratio: 2) to accelerate the turnover of receivables and inventories: 3) to increase performance by, inter alia, improving profitability by improving the quality of operations: 4)
The reason why the system is not used by companies is that, on the one hand, the National Investment Commission has a target for the company, and on the other hand, the rate of increase in the collection and purchase orders will result in a secondary market valuation. The second method is that the company’s initiative is relatively weak, and the underlying control over the increase in the turnover of accounts receivable and inventory lies in the public domain.
Downstream, of course, companies can still accelerate the return of funds by securitizing the assets in receivables. We believe that the third and fourth approaches will be the main way for companies to leverage, but the fourth way of deleveraging is under pressure from the secondary market, and only the third way of deleveraging is to match the company with deleveraging.
4. Enhancing profitability is the most important high-quality growth option for marginal improvements in space, and we believe that future improvements in the quality of company operations can be expected mainly in the following areas: 1) infrastructure
The increase in the Māori rate of business: 2) significant decline in impairment of assets: 3) tax decline in the overall cost reduction context. These three aspects have long-term implications and short-term implications, and are due to changes in the corporate economy itself and to changes in overall macroeconomic policy, with an increase in Māori rates, in our view, being
A long-term way to improve the quality of the company’s operations. 4.1. The size of the capital business orders is large, but the Māori ratio is the core.
Eighty-six per cent of the company ' s 2017/2018h1 capital construction operations generated operating income of 59,267.8 billion yuan, or 8.2 per cent per cent per year; benefited from a booming domestic infrastructure development market amounting to $23,45.8 billion, or 3.9 times the revenue from the 2017 capital construction business.
Figure 20: Higher outstanding contract value for corporate capital construction operations
40.5 per cent/33.8 per cent or 11.7 per cent of municipal engineering markets are wide-ranging, with companies increasing their market opening power, increasing their share and increasing their core competitiveness.
For many years, it remained the first. As a result of the decline in the number of tenders in the railway market, the company built a railway with $242.5 billion, or 28.8 per cent, but in 2018 it resumed investment in the railway. Su, the company signed a new contract of $134.3 billion, or 5.9 per cent, in the first three quarters of 2018.
In 2019, investment in railways is expected to remain high against a background of steady capital growth. The public sector is extremely competitive in the railway engineering industry, where market ownership has remained the highest for many years in a row, with the proportion of municipal works gradually increasing, with urban track cities accounting for 50%.
Construction accounted for 26.1 per cent of the capital, rising to 47.1 per cent in 2017, a significant increase of 21 pcts. The market rate for urban orbital traffic has remained constant at around 50 per cent for a long period of time, and is the highest in the industry.
Road construction is still relatively low in the future market space. In recent years, it has benefited from factors such as road poverty alleviation, with a high level of investment in fixed road assets, with a national investment of 2.12 trillion in 2017, an increase of 19 per cent. The company signed a new contract of 338.906 million in the first three quarters of 2017/2018.
According to our calculations, companies also account for as much as 12 per cent of the city on the highway. Chart 25: The company ' s new urban orbital traffic order, which maintains a high level of capacity, has not led to an increase in the competitiveness of the company ' s infrastructure, and the overall Māori ratio of the capital industry.
It is still low. Despite the company’s high rate of capital city ownership, it has not led to an increase in premium capacity, the public sector’s Māori ratio has remained constant at around 5 per cent per year, while the Māori rate for road operations is slightly higher than for railways, generally between 7 and 9 per cent, and the Māori rate for municipal operations is highest at between 9 and 13 per cent.
The company’s analysis of the reasons for the change in the Māori rate in recent years, the main factors affecting the company’s Māori rate have been the price of raw materials, the increase in the turnover and the change in the order structure. Through historical data analysis, Māori rates, rather than the profit margin, have had a greater impact on the gross profits of the company’s capital operations.
Through sensitivity analysis, the gross profits of the company ' s capital business grew from $50.1 billion to $57.3 billion, with a 20% increase in the company ' s capital business.
The gross profit on the company ' s capital business rose from 46.5 billion to 57.3 billion, a change of 10.8 billion, when the business Māori ratio rose from 6.5 per cent to 8 per cent. Moreover, the company ' s capital business in 2017, which, qualitatively speaking, would have to be completed through more newly recruited staff, would have increased the company ' s management.
But there are a number of factors influencing the Māori rate, including changes in the price of raw materials, the impact of the progress of the project and the impact of the order structure. The impact of Māori in the capital business is therefore even greater in the margins of the profits of the company’s gross capital business.
4.2 Māori uplift path I: From construction to management, we need to make it clear that the Māori rate in the table above is the “achieved Māori rate” rather than the “bid Māori rate” and that, in general, construction enterprises will calculate the amount based on the engineering measure in the bidding process
On this basis, a market-based Māori rate is added to the offer, which is understood as the “expected Māori rate”, which is closely linked to the ability to premium on the industrial chain and the level of competition in the industry, and is more stable in the long term.
Management of the construction process, price fluctuations for materials and labour, as well as unforeseen incidental factors. We believe that price fluctuations for labour and materials are not a long-term factor affecting the Māori rate achieved by the construction enterprise, which is essentially a service industry and is reported when labour and material costs tend to increase.
In the long run, it can affect the level of engineering management of firms that have achieved Māori rates. Because of the inconsistencies in the breakdown of infrastructure operations (e.g., the grossity of railway operations) involved in construction operations,
But we're still showing the pre-tax profit margin of the eight major construction firms in 2017 to compare the pre-tax profit margin gap of the major construction firms in 2017.
The company with the highest pre-tax profit margin was China, which had 6.16%, and the lowest pre-tax profit margin, which was 1.81%, while the company had a pre-tax profit rate of 3.19%, which was just higher than the Chinese iron and Chinese smelt.
In business, we analyse the company's road and municipal operations separately and find that if the company's pre-tax profit margin for public roads and municipal operations is 6.16 per cent as in China, the pre-tax profit from road and municipal operations alone is equal to the pre-tax profit for the company's current capital business, which means that even if
Figure 29: China’s pre-tax profit margin in China’s eight major construction industries, and to some extent the per capita output of employees represents the efficiency of the company’s management.
Annual per capita output found that the company ' s per capita output was the third last in 10 companies, with less than 2.5 million yuan, while the highest Chinese hand-in-hand production was about 4 million yuan, 60 per cent higher than that of the company. Vertically, the total number of employees of the company in 2013 was 2,895,000, compared with the total number of employees in 2017.
The decline, but a significant increase in operating income, and the fact that the company has been in the process of continuously improving its management capacity over the past few years, has also led to a 26% increase in its per capita output in 2017 compared to 2013. A further analysis of the reasons why the per capita output of the company is so low shows that the company's subcontracting costs are higher than in 2013.
The share of total costs is significantly lower than that of comparable companies, and since companies have not separately disclosed the share of sub-contracting costs in total costs since 2013, we appear to replace the company ' s current situation with the 2013 sub-contracting costs as a share of total costs, compared with China ' s construction of China.
Subcontracting costs in 2013 were only 10.52% of total costs, while China ' s construction and China ' s subcontracting rates were much higher, with China ' s subcontracting costs as a percentage of total costs being 37%, and China ' s construction 46%. We further analysed the qualifications of the company ' s employees in several other construction companies.
The structure found that the share of employees in the company’s specialties and below education is as high as nearly 60% of the company’s total staff, while the share of employees in China’s specialties and below education is less than 30%. We believe that in general terms, workers in specialties and below are more inclined towards construction.
In contrast, workers with undergraduate degrees and above are more inclined to manage, with construction being the lowest value in the construction industry as a whole, and management being the higher value in the overall impairment business. So, from this perspective, we think that the company is more like a construction enterprise than China.
Hand-in-hand is more like a construction management enterprise. This explains why China’s per capita production and pre-tax rates of profit on capital are among the top eight buildings. It also explains the future of China’s iron industry as one of the ways to increase per-capita production and profitability in capital construction.
Figure 34: The share of employees in China ' s iron and steel specialties and in the following educational attainments is as high as nearly 60% Figure 33: The share of China ' s iron and steel subcontracting costs in total costs is very low. Subcontracting costs in total costs (2017)
China Iron China China Handover China Construction China Building
4.3 Māori uplifting path II: The ratio of highly profitable businesses is increasing. The proportion of Māori-higher municipal works to capital projects is gradually increasing. The Māori ratio of company urban works, roads is significantly higher than that of railways.
The capital masters 22.7%/14.5%/49.7%, compared to the rapid rise in the share of the three operations in the capital portfolio in 2017. Since the country promoted the ppp model in 2015, companies have signed new projects amounting to 420/2912/371.128 million yuan, representing a new single agreement for the construction of the capital.
4.4 The Māori uplift path III: The price of raw materials has become weaker, the Māori in the capital business has a distinctly negative relationship with pi and the future decline in pi has a positive impact on the Māori in the company. Companies have well-developed contractual mechanisms to cope with changes in raw materials prices, and in raw materials prices.
The excess beyond range can be transferred to the owner, but there is a time lag in the transfer of raw material prices, so the company ' s Māori rate is generally still influenced by raw material prices, and historically there is a more pronounced negative correlation between the company ' s Māori rate for capital operations and pi.
We expect a gradual decline in pi in 2019, which will lead to an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio. 4.5 Not only is the Māori rate, the decline in impairment losses and the reduction of taxes will further enhance the company ' s profitability.
In recent years, eight countries have concentrated on significant impairment losses of their assets, mainly bad debts in 2012-2017; in operational terms, they are concentrated on building blocks.
China’s assets are constantly improving, and the company will lose its historical weight, light-loading, and future performance will be expected to become smaller as a result of asset impairment losses. The major loss in the company’s assets impairments in recent years is largely due to the fact that we expect the business’s impairment losses to be largely accounted for and that it is less likely to continue to be substantial in the future.
In the past few years, the company’s impairment losses have been mainly related to bad debt losses, mainly in the form of engineering payments, advances, interest-bearing loans, bonds, etc. Historically, the company’s bad debt write-offs have been smaller and the amounts have been larger.
The main downstream clients are the General Railways and local governments, with good credit and solvency, and there is a greater potential for recovery from the projected bad debt losses.
In the broader context of tariff reduction, corporate profitability is expected to increase further, and if the value-added tax (VAT) becomes two-tier, it is expected to increase corporate profitability further. If the value-added tax (VAT) is reduced by 5%, we measure the increase in corporate profits without changing product prices.
The impact of VAT adjustments on the profitability of enterprises. 1 Increases and decreases in VAT rates result in price increases and falls for final commodities, or impact on demand for products, thereby affecting the level of profits of enterprises; 2 Differences in the transfer capacity of taxes in upstream and downstream industries can also lead to VAT adjustments for the profitability of different enterprises.
Differences in impact: 3 VAT adjustments have an impact on the cash flow of an enterprise, with an impact on surcharges, which in turn have an indirect effect on the profitability of an enterprise. 1 Core assumption: no change in tax revenue, i.e. no change in product prices and no change in product supply and demand;2
The rate of entry and sale tax is the same. Use of “tax and surcharge” arithmeticals: 1 additional to the cost of education = (actual value added tax + turnover tax + consumer tax)* total additional tax on the cost of education, of which 5 per cent is added to the total tax on the cost of education
3% added to education fees and 2% added to local education fees. Thus, the current VAT = education fees = 5% added to consumer taxes — turnover taxes; 2 VAT adjusted deductions = current VAT paid — VAT payable after tax adjusted rates.
Value added tax (VAT) is currently applied (1+ current applicable rates)  (1+ adjusted rates) × adjusted rates; therefore, VAT deductions = scale of increase in profit = VAT adjusted tax deductions x (1+12%); assuming the supply and sale price of the enterprise remains constant, the VAT deduction component is profit
In addition, a decline in VAT would result in a drop in the value added tax on urban construction, which would add 7 per cent to the cost of education and 5 per cent to the cost of education, for a total of 12 per cent; 3 VAT deductions would measure the improvement in profits: the extent of business profit improvement = the size of the profit/total profit increase in the value added tax reduction.
According to the above calculation, the increase in profits was the first or the top eight. It was evident that the increase in profits of the company, accounting for 38% of the total profits in 2017, was the first of the top eight.
While changes in VAT rates in real terms may lead to changes in product prices, we believe that, on the one hand, a decline in product prices will not fully affect the impact of a fall in the value added tax, on the other hand, changes in tax rates will lead to an improvement in corporate cash flows and, on the other hand, to lower corporate financial costs.
5. Other core business: high real estate/minery growth period, surveying design/industrial manufacturing with strong real estate business 5.1: high soil storage value, up to three years of rapid growth
The main players in China’s iron and steel real estate business are the China Iron Industry Group and the China Iron Culture Tourism Investment Group, and they also walk in the company’s Engineering Department.
Real estate performance indicators increased by 1.7 million m2 of additional land, 338 per cent of year-on-year growth, 4.2 million m2 of construction start-up, 70 per cent of year-on-year increase, 1.58 million m2 of completed construction, and figure 45: Growth of corporate real estate operations rebounded
The value of the total earth storage is very high. According to Iguyre, the value of the total earth storage in China at the end of 2017 was 459.3 billion yuan, ranking 14th in all housing firms, and the value of the new property plate in 2017 was about 68 billion yuan, ranking 34th in all real estate firms.
In November, equity sales amounted to 45.8 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 60% over the same period in the previous year, ranking 48th in all real estate divisions and 7th higher than in the previous year. Given the current overall situation in the pan-property market, the average real estate sales have declined somewhat.
In the future, the company’s real-estate business is expected to experience a slight decline in the Māori rate. But it is more volatile than the company’s real-estate business, and more volatile revenue from reale business, so that the growth in the real-estate business section is the only way to influence the performance of the company’s real-estate business branch.
The heart factor. According to our sensitivity analysis of the company ' s real estate business, the gross profits of the company ' s real estate business grew from $8.4 billion to $10.6 billion in 2018 when the company ' s real estate business grew from 10 to 40 per cent at a rate of 25 per cent, and the gross profits of the company ' s real estate business increased from $8.4 billion to $10.6 billion, with a change of $2.2 billion.
At a rate of 10 per cent, but when the gross gross profit from the company's real estate business rose from 25 per cent to 31 per cent, it rose from $8.4 billion to $10.4 billion, a change of $2 billion. Given the high value of the public administration's total earth reserves and its high sales, we believe that there is even a background of pressure in the real estate market.
The net interest rate for real estate operations is expected to be about 10%, the second largest operating block of performance. According to the company ' s branch financial information, reported in mid-2018, the company ' s total real estate business received $12.4 billion in the first half of the year.
The profit of the branch is about $1.61 billion, or about 12 per cent of the company’s total pre-tax profit in the first half of the year. Moreover, the pre-tax profit margin of the company’s real estate business is about 13 per cent, assuming a 27 per cent income tax rate of the company’s real estate business, and the net interest rate of the company’s real estate business is about 10 per cent, which means the company’s real estate business.
With a net profit of $3.04 billion in 2017, it is the most performing mineral resource business in addition to the capital business: deep-seated, ready-to-exercise resources spread widely within and outside the country. The company’s resource operations are mainly carried out by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of iron and steel.
Operating, the performance of which is largely reflected in the performance of the Chinese iron and steel resources. China's Iron and Steel Group is the backbone of China's Central Iron and Steel Resources Business Group. Ten years after its establishment, companies have acquired a number of high-quality mineral resources, mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Australia, Australia, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through investment acquisitions, “project-for-resources” and so on.
Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Heilongjiang and Fujian provinces.
Non-ferrous metal deposits are abundant and there are many projects operating mines. 1) According to the company ' s mid-2018, the present reserves of mineral resources consist mainly of approximately 9 million tons of copper, 600,000 tons of cobalt, 700,000 tons of molybdenum, 1.6 million tons of lead + zinc, and 3,300 tons of silver, of which copper, cobalt and molybdenum are held in the same country.
The industry is in the lead, with copper and molybdenum production being among the leading sectors in the country: 2) mining sites in operation include: 1 large-scale molybdenum mine in the country, 1 gold mine and 1 coal mine; 2 large-scale copper and cobalt mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and 1 medium-sized copper and cobalt mine in Mongolia.
One lead zinc silver mine and one medium-sized lead zinc silver mine. The company has more than 9 million tons of copper metal resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including sicomines, green veils and mkm copper and cobalt mines, and has grown into an important offshore copper and cobalt resource base in Mongolia.
The country's Oran mine, which contains almost 2 million tons of lead and zinc metal resources, by-product gold and silver precious metals, is Mongolia's largest lead and silver polymetal mine; the Blacklong River's Illuminous Molybdenum mine is the largest single-body mine in the country, with about 800,000 tons of molten metal resources, 15 million tons of annual ore disposals, and 15 million tons of molten ore produced annually.
Twenty-five thousand tons, the largest in-country production, are also among the leading in Asia and the world. Among them are copper, molybdenum, etc., where total resource controls are in the lead in the domestic industry and rapidly emerge as an international mineral resource industry, with large commodity prices, such as copper and cobalt, continuing to fall.
12.2/18.04/28.6 billion is a serious drag on the net profits of the company. In recent years, along with successive declines in global mineral exploration inputs, the effects of sustainable supply compression on the mineral market have begun to emerge, adding up to the implementation of our supply-side reform “de-productivity” policy and the gradual build-up of countries along the road.
With domestic energy resources and infrastructure building, a new cycle model for global mining has been in place since 2017. 2) With the steady recovery in resource prices in 2017 and the gradual warming of copper prices, the company's mineral business has been transformed into a boom and substantial increase, with a net profit on iron resources of 628 million yuan in mid-2017.
The net profits realized by the industry were 2,127 million yuan, and the investment returns attributed to the company were 890 million yuan. 3) Medium iron capital generated $2.2 billion in 2018h1, representing an increase of 30.52 per cent in the same year; Māori was 45.83 per cent, and the performance of medium iron resources was mainly derived from the Beazo and Huagang mines in Heilongjiang City.
The price of molybdenum has been rising since this year, mainly because of: 1 downstream steel industry moving towards higher product value added.
The increase in production, such as alloy steel, has led to an increase in demand for molybdenum:2 on supply-side reform and environmental monitoring, on 20 June, 47-50 per cent of cash withdrawals in Heilongjiang amounted to $1860 per ton, an increase of about 25 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, an increase of approximately $1744 per ton to date, an increase of 41 per cent over the annual average price in 2017.
According to a report by the Heilongjiang Government Network, “The Ichun Moose Production Full Speed” in February 2017, the Ichun Mooring sold 1886.89 tons of molybdenum metal, resulting in a net profit of $161.0734 million and a net profit of $18.95 million, the first single-month profit since the launch of the project, which is calculated accordingly.
Net monthly interest rate of about 12 per cent of the mine, compared with the price of the ichin molybdenum ore in November 2016 at about $1070/tonne, and the average price of the molybdenum ore from 2018 to the present is $1744/tonne, and the ichin ore ore from 2017/2018 Huagang ore (associated enterprises with a share of 41.72 per cent)
The second phase of the expansion of the second phase will eventually result in the production of a combined smelting capacity of 250,000 tons of cathode, 6,000 tons of cobalt hydroxide and 120,000 tons of sulphuric acid per year. The price of copper will return, and the company will collect it in 2017.
Four hundred and thirty-eight billion yuan, with a net profit of 2,127 million yuan, with a net interest rate of 43 per cent, and a return of 887 million yuan on investment in China’s mining sector in the past year, according to the shareholding ratio of China’s iron and steel. And the second phase of the project was expanded to include the net profits of China’s mining sector.
Iron resource performance is expected to be 1,516 million yuan in mid-2018, an increase of 141 per cent in the same year. As a result of the sharp rise in the price of molybdenum and minerals this year, copper prices, although falling in recent times, are still in higher areas, adding up and releasing power, we expect the net profit from iron and iron resources in mid-2018 to be 1,516 million yuan, of which Huo Kong is a member.
Investment returns from mining contributions amount to $1,126 million. 5.3 Survey design consulting operations: orders are growing steadily, city share is expected to increase continuously, performance is stable and orders are growing at a high rate.
Infrastructure-wide services such as counselling, survey design, mainly in railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, building houses, etc., are continuously expanding to new areas of new industries such as modern trams, magnetic suspended vehicles, civil airports, port terminals, electricity, energy conservation and environmental protection.
Design consulting operations achieved business income of $13.74 billion, an increase of 12.12 per cent over the same period, respectively; newly signed design consulting operations recorded a complex growth rate of 9.0 per cent and a new single increase of 15.4 per cent.
The market share has gradually risen to 2.7 per cent, and as a upstream piece of engineering, companies have benefited from the growing corporate infrastructure industry on the one hand, and market expansion on the other hand, with strong power. The market share of companies in the design consulting business has increased from 1.6 per cent in 2014.
It rose to 2.7% in 2017, a clear rise. We believe that, as a mature industry, the long-term trend is still one of concentration, with leading companies expected to gradually increase their market share by virtue of their extensive project experience, their full qualifications, and their pool of good talent.
▪ The Māori ratio of the company ' s survey design business is or will continue to decline due to the increase in business volume. 2015-2018h1, the downward trend is due mainly to the increase in labour costs, foreign-union costs and technical consultancy fees resulting from the increase in the survey design business volume. The Māori rate of the survey design operation is expected to continue with the increase in business volume in the future.
5.4 Industrial manufacturing operations: the absolute leader in high-end equipment manufacturing in the field of transport is very competitive and leads the high-end equipment manufacturing industry in the field of transport.
(mainly shield machines), bridge construction steel structures, engineering and railway electrification equipment, with national and world leaders in high-end equipment manufacturing related to transport infrastructure such as railways, roads, urban orbital traffic, underground engineering, etc.1 high-speed barriers (250)
The success of the business market, which is about 65 per cent per hour or more, and of the heavy-trading market, has boosted every major advance in our railways: the urban track transport sector, which is about 60-70 per cent, is the absolute leader of the fork market. 2 companies are currently the largest in Asia and the second largest in the world.
National shields have formed a competitive pattern between medium iron equipment (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the iron and steel industry) and iron construction workers, with a market share of about 40% of the iron and steel equipment.3 At present, we are the pioneers in the construction of steel bridges, which outperform the market for large steel-structured bridges.
Measuring the industrial manufacturing operations of companies against the background of the construction of short panels and the growth of high-iron investment Figure 63: Stable growth of industrial manufacturing operations of companies Chart 64: Sustained high innovation in new industrial manufacturing operations of companies
We look forward to improvements in corporate management efficiency and cost control in the context of the era of deleveraging and high-quality development, and the Māori rate is expected to rise every year:2 we look forward to improvements in corporate management efficiency, and the administrative cost rate is expected to decline every year;
Because of the company's abundance of orders, we assume a steady growth in corporate revenue until 2020.4 We appreciate the high quality of the company's development, the future quality of the company's assets increases and the loss of impairments stabilizes:
5 We appreciate the development of the company’s mineral business and expect a sustained increase in investment returns by 2020. The main operations contributing to the company’s performance include construction, real estate, surveying design, industrial manufacturing and other industries, including mineral, financial and trade operations.
In analysing the net profits of the company’s branch, we combine the capital and goods trade operations, using the net profits of the segment of the other business to reverse the net profit share of the capital and goods trade operations, and value the portion of the business on the basis of the price valuation of the capital business.
▪ Using the segment valuation method, the reasonable market value of the company is $195.2 billion, taking into account the fact that equity-based financing of the company dilutes the pss belonging to ordinary shareholders, based on the assumption that in 2019 the company will issue a further $5 billion renewable claim at a rate of 4.5 per cent and that the debt will be transferred to equity in 2019.
The net profit segment of the company is similar to that of 2018 and, according to the branch valuation method, the company ' s risk of macroeconomic volatility in 2019 is reasonable: the development of the industry to which the company belongs has a stronger correlation with the country ' s macroeconomic situation and related policies, and a greater volatility would have an impact on the demand of the company ' s market.
▪ Shorter capital panels are less than expected risk: while they are an important factor in the rapid recovery of industry investment, policy implementation is also influenced by multiple factors, such as the monetary environment, the credit environment and synergies in the industrial chain, and there is a risk that policy implementation will fall short of expectations.
▪ Project implementation does not meet the expected risk: companies have more orders in hand, but there are risk factors such as project termination, accidents, etc., that cause the loss of the project. ▪ Exchange rate risk: companies have some of the projects overseas, denominated in more foreign currency, and exchange rate fluctuations are induced
▪ Impairment risk: The advances in construction projects are more common and require payment of funds such as the project implementation guarantee, whereas the capital is mostly downstream for the Government and its related sectors, and the risk of impairment of corporate receivables may result from excessive liability rates on the part of owners and funding impediments.
▪ Inventory risk: completed open works that have not yet been carried over from the construction enterprise are placed in the inventory in the statement of assets and liabilities, with the risk of slower turnover and falling inventory prices. ▪ Account payable risk: upstream companies are mainly subcontractors and raw material suppliers, companies are operating in the third quarter of 2018
At the end of the period, $319 billion in accounts payable and bills payable, with more cash paid in a short period of time, could be more than 280,000 practitioners, with great scope for managerial efficiency enhancement, but also a combination of grouping that leads to unstructured and unmanageable staff, which can lead to management efficiency gains.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment