Conlon became a 300759 pharmaceutical creature with over-expected growth in performance and continued acceleration of business layout at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2020 is expected to achieve operating income of $2.1 billion - $2.26 billion, higher-than-expected growth and sustained acceleration in business expansion. Non-recurrent gains and losses of $100 million - $130 million are expected to be realized in the first half of the year, mainly in connection with the listing of the participating company zentalis, and unless recurrent gains and losses are excluded, the company ' s performance has increased at an accelerated rate.
Roughly $360 million, an increase of 25.5% over the previous quarter, and higher than expected performance in the second quarter, with a significant improvement in performance from the second quarter to the first quarter. The first quarter of this year, affected by the epidemic, companies delayed the resumption of work and responded positively, and the first quarter continued to grow faster, moving into the second quarter, and the domestic epidemic was largely eliminated, but overseas.
The epidemic is becoming more acute, prompting pharmaceutical companies abroad to seek cooperation from our cxo enterprises, further increases in the penetration rate of medical research and development and outsourcing of production, further acceleration of industrial transfers, the movement of corporate revenues mainly from overseas, the movement of beneficiary industries, and the acceleration of corporate business expansion and high growth in performance.
Research and development investment continues to grow, and the offshore markets are all the same. Companies are increasingly investing in research and development, strengthening new technology platforms, q1 ' s research and development costs were $20.95 million in 2020, an increase of 141 per cent over the previous year, and are now focused on entering the dna coded compounds bank, new synthetic chemical technologies, and new pharmacological research and animal modelling structures.
Research and development projects like construction are expected to enhance competitiveness significantly. With a wealth of international R & D experience, companies are making progress in optimizing service operations for domestic markets, strategically positioning domestic clinical research services, 2019.
In July 2020, the company completed the acquisition of 20% of the additional shares in Beijing, holding 68% of the shares, and strengthened its clinical operations. As domestic and foreign operations are better organized, corporate business synergies and integrated competitiveness will be further enhanced.
Q1 performance is steady and rapid growth, the level of profitability is further increased The full-flow service is being expanded, the internal and external business layout is improving, and the performance is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
Conlong (300759). The Central Report fulfils expectations, Nino has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the Corporation”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.