The number of orders from overseas has increased rapidly, and the capacity and talent base have continued to expand.
Research assistant: Lei Guo Guo q2 has seen an accelerated growth in performance and a rapid increase in overseas orders. Company-owned drug discovery and drug development co-services.
+41.32, q2 accelerated growth due to a good return to work in the second quarter. Net profits increased considerably, mainly due to laboratory services: overseas laboratory services were restricted during the epidemic, companies helped clients to advance new drug development at this difficult time, taking orders from more overseas clients. 2cm:
At the end of June, the company’s raw materials production response was about 200 cubic metres in size, pending the development of a drug development programme, together with the support provided by the development of an innovative drug market in the country. The quality of orders continued to improve, with 463 (clinical) projects completed and under development.
With the commissioning of the first phase of the plant, the volume of the reactor is expected to increase to 800 cubic metres.3 Clinical research: clinical research services abroad have grown steadily with a unique platform called Radioisotope Synthesis-Clinical-Analysis.
In June, the company completed its merger and purchase of the country’s clinical research service, a smo enterprise that provides on-site management services for third-party independent clinical research. In terms of the number of employees (capacity indicators), at the end of June, the number of employees found, cmc, and the number of clinical employees was different.
There were 4926, 1646, 1480 people, an increase of 625, 102, and 924 by the end of 2019. There was a significant increase in profitability.
The company continues to expand its R & D and production capabilities as planned.
In the area of new drug research and development, the company completed its investment in accugen group in the first half of the year and held 50% of the company’s equity (accugenggroup is mainly engaged in research, development and manufacturing services for cell and gene therapy products).
The private equity fund, which has been established as a partnership (limited partnership) for investment in the Ningpok Kingning dollar, is aimed primarily at interested enterprises with an innovative technology or innovative service platform in the field of biopharmaceuticals to invest in equity or transferable investments for the purpose of equity investment.
A total of 8,052 R & D, production technology and clinical service personnel from Bottom, compared with 1,651 investment proposals at the end of 2019: companies are large cro enterprises, where competitive advantages in laboratory services are evident, cmc and bed operations continue to grow high; orders are sustainable, the outbreak accelerates the capture of overseas orders and delays in operations
Continuousity has been strengthened; the talent ladder continues to grow, productivity expansion is progressing well, and M&A investment is based on a 300-percent depth index for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.