Wong Schwig's performance has continued to grow rapidly and the business Māori rate has continued to rise net profit of $479 million, an increase of 196.89 per cent over the previous year, exceeding market expectations; net deductions have been achieved
The profit was 362 million yuan, an increase of 132.6 per cent over the same period. In the second quarter of 2020, the Public Administration received 1,234 million yuan, an increase of 41.32 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was 377 million yuan, of which zentalistharmaceutils, inc. was generated in NASDAQ.
The return on fair value changes amounted to $101 million.The impact of the scale as the company's capacity and utilization increased and the Māori ratio of the main operations increased, with laboratory services achieving a Māori rate of 41.34 per cent, an increase of 3.87 pp over the previous year; cmc operational reality
The epidemic drives an increase in overseas orders. Client stability guarantees performance growth. Based on a breakdown of business lines, laboratory services are still the company’s main business, compared to 300 in the last six months.
Limited R & D by overseas clients and other co-business services abroad. In order to advance the development of new medicines, the company took on more overseas orders during the reporting period, and revenues from laboratory services increased faster: with the shift of the client project phase and the expansion of the company's capacity, the company
During the reporting period, the company completed 463 pharmaceutical molecules or intermediates, of which 35 were clinical in three phases, 2 in the commercialization phase, generating income of $506 million, an increase of 34.38 per cent; in clinical research services, the company achieved income of $243 million, a comparison.
In the second quarter of the year, more than 190 new clients, more than 90%, were introduced.
Revenues came from a large, diverse and loyal double client, including the top 20 medical and pharmaceutical companies around the world. During the reporting period, the company conducted 28 research and new drug-testing projects for domestic pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, with multiple countries (including China, the United States and Europe) simultaneously.
The post-project phase is expected to ensure steady growth in the company’s performance. New capacity is gradually emerging and business layout is expanding.
Research and development and productive capacity continue to be expanded. The Hangzhou Bay Life Science and Technology Industrial Park, Phase II, and the Xiaojing plant, while meeting epidemic control and obtaining government approval, proceeded with the planned construction. As of the reporting period, the company ' s raw materials production response was about 200 cubic metres in size, to be found in São Paulo.
With the start of the first phase of the danger plant, the response volume is expected to increase to 800 cubic metres, further expanding the cmc service capacity. The third phase of the Tianjin plant is expected to be delivered by the end of 2020. In addition, the company further deployed the domestic market for clinical research services, which will be completed by June 2020.
Currently, the company provides one-stop clinical research and development services to new drug research and development enterprises in the country through two subsidiaries, Nanjing Si-Wixing and Wanda. In order to promote the strategic layout of the company in areas related to new pharmaceutical development services, the company has increased its overall competitiveness during the reporting period.
The company accugenggroup, which focuses on the development of cellular and gene therapy, has been invested with the risk of changes in its industrial regulatory policy: the risk of intellectual property protection: the risk of a skills drain; the risk of increased competition in the market; and the risk of an epidemic.
We believe that the company’s performance is expected to benefit from the global surge in new drug research and development and the continued expansion of its own business, with clear growth. The company’s Māori ratio has not been accompanied by the gradual integration of clinical operations and the continued increase in capacity utilization.
It will continue to improve, and we look forward to the future development of the industry and the company, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.