q2 performance exceeded expectations, and the integrated layout continued to unfold, with 132.66 per cent growth in the same year and $618 million in operating cash flows, with 144.91 per cent increase in the same year.
In the first half of the year, laboratory services achieved income of 1,434 million, an increase of 35.28 per cent over the same year, and high-quality clients increased in volume and benefited in part from the transfer of orders from overseas clients to their home countries due to the effects of the epidemic; cmc services achieved income of 506 million, same as Cmc services.
This represents an increase of 34.38%, which is mainly driven by the development of drug discovery projects that have accumulated in the previous period, the extension of cmc services and technological upgrading, and the expansion of capacity. The quality of company cmc orders has continued to improve, with 463 projects completed and under development in the first half of the year, including 292 pre-clinics and clinical i/ii.
134, 35 in the iii phase and 2 in the commercialization phase; clinical research services were affected by a quarter-long epidemic, resulting in a revenue of 243 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 27.51 per cent compared to the same year, and a rapid recovery of q2 domestic operations led to a return to steady performance. The company’s portfolio was fully advanced, with a year-round increase.
The company has built up a cro+cmo integrated service platform, based on small molecular drugs, and has expanded its operations up and down the industrial chain. In the area of new drug research and development, the company completed the first half of the year of its cytology and gene therapy.
The company has a comprehensive chemical technology platform from the discovery of drugs to the production of gmp standards, which runs through the research and development phase of the new drug.
The ball is the only integrated platform for "synthetic-clinical-analysing radioisotope compounds" and for full clinical batches to apply for solutions. In the broad layout, the corporate synergizes, and the combined competitiveness is becoming increasingly apparent, and the future is expected to lead to faster growth.
In recent years, companies have increased their investment in research and development for projects such as the dna coded compounds bank, with research and development costs of 43.1 million h1, an increase of 61.52% over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company brought in more than 190 new customers, while the company generated more than 90% of its own income by deepening its old client collaboration to take up quality projects. The combined Māori ratio for 2020h1 was 36.41%, with an increase of 4.34 pp;
Future companies are expected to increase their profitability steadily, depending on high-quality customer resources and their own R & D advantages. And, with more than 40% of the compound profit growth expected over the next three years, the first “buy-in” rating will be covered.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board