Conlon became the company review report (300759) q2 achieved high growth and increased profitability on 26 August 2020
The recovery of high business growth and the improvement of the cmc business ring are significant.
q1 has slowed down the rate of growth of cmc services affected by the shutdown, q2 has recovered high efficiency gains, and the Māori rate has increased significantly under the regulatory modelling effect. 28 ind declarations were made by companies in the first half of the year, including more than one country, 35 in the iii period, and 2 commercialized.
The company will further increase its research, development and production capacity for laboratory services and cmc services.
The laboratory services, cmc, and clinical staff were 4926, 1646, 1480 respectively, and the planned advance of the Xiaoxim plant was planned (currently about 200 cubic metres in size of the company ' s raw materials production reactor, which will increase to 800 cubic metres when the first phase of the Xiaoxiin plant is put into operation).
The third phase of the Tianjin plant is expected to be ready for use by the end of 2020.
Māori rates, net interest rates and cost optimization.
The company ' s Māori rate of 36.41 per cent (4.34 ptt) and the net interest rate of 21.28 per cent (11.71 ptt) in the first half of the year, of which cmc operations benefited from the scale effect and the Māori rate increased significantly. On the cost side, the administrative cost rate was 13.14 per cent (-0.63 ptt), the sales cost rate was 1.84 per cent (+0.08 pt) and the R&D cost was 1.97 per cent (+0.34 pt).
Financial cost rate - 1.48% (-3.92pct), benefiting from increased interest costs and lower borrowing, and a significant decrease in corporate financial costs. Non-recurring gains and losses are often inspiring to realize fair value gains and losses mainly for zentails invested
Liu Hye-min, the risk of declining demand for new medicines: market competition increases the risk: production capacity is not built up as expected: Tang Fen-Fen
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.