Medical supplies, medical services, excess performance under the epidemic, continued inflow of overseas orders.
The net return to the mother was 479 million yuan, an increase of 196.9 per cent in the same year; the net profit to the non-mother was 362 million yuan, an increase of 132.7 per cent in the same year; and the net operating cash flow was 618 million yuan, an increase of 144.9 per cent in the same year.
In the second half of the year, the company’s performance is expected to continue at a high rate of growth, especially in laboratory and cmc services.
The three main lines of operation have been steadily rising, with a double increase in income and Māori ratio: 1) for laboratory services, due to the fact that the operation is non-staff intensive, the impact of the new coronary outbreak on the operation is less than protected. q2 is spreading overseas, with companies taking orders that have been lost as a result of the overseas epidemic, while relying on the enhancement of research and development technology and the development of different types of technology.
The advantage of increased inter-panel business linkages is that the company’s laboratory operations achieved income of 1,434 million yuan in the first half of the year, a 35.28 per cent increase. As a result of scale effects, the Māori rate rose by 3.87 pct to 41.34 per cent.) cmc services, with domestic cmc production having been affected by q1, recovered at a high rate of q2 as the country’s epidemic subsides.
Cmc reached a revenue of $506 million, an increase of 34.4 per cent, and the Māori rate increased by 8.26 pct to 29.0 per cent. In the first half of the year, the company further upgraded its cmc service capacity through the continuous improvement of the cmc service platform, with a total of 463 projects, including 292 preclinical projects, 134 clinical i and ii and 35 clinical ii.
2 in the commercial phase. 3) In the area of clinical services, the second quarter of overseas clinical operations have been significantly affected, in particular the Xu Xu Xu, the American Clinical Centre, but the company relies on the unique “Reiso-composition-Clinical-Analysis” I.
The company’s performance in overseas clinical services has generally been better than expected. Clinical operations in the country have been played out in q1, and q2 has begun to recover gradually. Clinical operations achieved $243 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 27.5 per cent compared to 27 per cent in the first half of the year.
cro industry maintains a high profile and companies actively deploy whole-of-industry chains; driven by policies, ageing, high market levels Conlong becomes: one quarter outperforms expectations, two quarters is expected to increase the cost of drug research and development, the cost of research and development increases, the market for outsourcing medicine research and development becomes the best option for industry.
According to the Institute of Foresight, in 2013-2017, the country’s cro industry was growing at the same level of growth, and gradually extended its coverage of cro services, ranging from small molecular drug research and development, cmc to drug screening and clinical research.
Laboratory chemistry is the cornerstone of the company’s business, allowing it to accumulate extensive experience in the areas of compound design and synthesis, target selection, pharmaceutical research, etc., and to develop a strong core team. At the same time, it provides a solid basis for the extension of the company’s downstream industry.
We expect that the company’s laboratory service operations will continue to grow at a high and steady rate, at around 25%. For the company’s extension of the cro industry chain, cmc operations and clinical research operations have been the company’s leading counterparts in recent years. The company’s cmc service now meets the needs of clinical three-stage drug development and production.
The promotion of the municipal ownership system and the continued growth of the market for new medicines, coupled with the synergies created by the company ' s chemical laboratories, are expected to keep the company ' s cmc operations up to 30%. Clinical research operations are slightly ahead of 30%. In the early stages, the growth will be high as companies continue to invest, and the rate of increase is expected to be more than 35%.
The three main lines of business will provide a steady impetus for the company to continue to develop on the country’s cro gold track. The ability of chamber chemistry and cmc operations to grow and maintain an “enhanced-a” rating.