Conlon became a 300759 pharmaceutical creature with over-expected growth in performance and significant increase in profitability at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: the company released its mid-2020 report on operating income of $2.19 billion, an increase of 34 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $480 million, an increase of 197 per cent in the same year; net loss to non-repatriate mothers of $360 million, an over-expected increase in performance and a sustained acceleration in business expansion. Non-recurring gains and losses of $120 million were realized in the first half of the year.
In connection with the listing of the participating company zentalis, the growth rate of the company ' s performance is still higher than expected in the second quarter, unless recurrent gains and losses are excluded, while the second quarter is higher than in the first quarter. The epidemic is now becoming more acute abroad, further prompting the overseas pharmaceutical industry to seek the cooperation of the country ' s cxo enterprises in pharmaceutical research and development and production.
• The acceleration of business growth and increased profitability. The 2020h1 laboratory operations generated income of $1.43 billion.
The dollar, which is 35.3 per cent higher than the previous year; the Maori rate, 41.3 per cent higher than the same rate, which is now increasing the production capacity of the company’s core business and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in drug discovery and bioscience. The 2020h1 cmc industry achieved income of $510 million, an increase of 34.4 per cent; the Maori rate of 29 per cent, which is 8.3 pp higher than the current rate.
Corporate cmc operations are expanding rapidly, and revenue is expected to grow faster in the future with the gradual commercialization of the varieties. 2020h1 Clinical cro operations achieved income of $240 million, an increase of 27.5 per cent over the same period; Māori 21.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 pp over the same period, and the company ' s domestic clinical cro operations have fully resumed growth, but overseas operations are operating in the second quarter of the year.
Research and development investment has continued to grow, and overseas markets have become more dynamic. Companies are increasing their investment in research and development, strengthening new technological platforms, and developing their own clinical co-operation in the country with a strategic layout, with companies completing the acquisition of the Beijing United Nations in the first half of the year.
Conlon to 300759: Performance growth is higher than expected, progress is better and corporate business synergy and integrated competitiveness will be further enhanced.
1.84 dollars, equivalent to 97 times, 73 times and 56 times. Given the growth of companies based on core advantages, the level of profitability has increased further.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.