Deep-cultivated and profitable United States market, with growth in storage and energy operations, November 02, 2024 \triangleright
Plumbing market competition has increased, sales prices for photovoltaic components have declined significantly, and the ratio of photovoltaic components to system products has declined, offset by some of the decline in revenue from storage. Photovolt assembly balances and benefits, and continues to be added to the American output layout. Companies do it between price and volume.
\triangleright, in the context of increased competition in the industry and a sharp fall in the price of the industrial chain, the company component business is still doing well, Deng Young-kang.
Profit level. The company established 5gwn and 5gwn battery tablets in Meskit, Texas, and Jeffersonville, Indiana, respectively, where the U.S. assembly plant was officially operational for 23 years and delivery of 210 dimensions began in 24q1, and the U.S. battery plant is under construction.
The construction and mechanical design of the Jubaino sector is expected to be operational within 25 years. The company’s continuous build-up of the United States’ production portfolio will help to secure the company’s output in the high-priced, high-profit American market and consolidate the company’s presence in the United States market.
At the end of 24h1, the company owned the contract.
\triangleright Forest Fitch 66gwh ' s storage energy system purchase order reserve, including LSAs, where contracts have been signed
The order was $2.6 billion. The volume of goods delivered by the company ' s large reserves is expected to reach 6.5 - restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft) for 24 years, which is intended to provide a rating of the company ' s directors, senior managers, core technology, 1.Atus (688472.sh) event: equity incentives.
A total of 745 people and others who the board of directors felt needed to be incentivized were awarded 69,450.5 million restricted shares, with significant market advantages in the United States, high targets for growth in storage capacity and 2024 performance, strong corporate confidence in business development, and strong growth in company medium- and long-term performance.
Year after year, reports point out: deep-deep and profitable United States markets, storage capacity added to the U.S. photovoltaic energy layout, storage capacity stock sufficient - business ability to rise rapidly and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Performance is over-expected, with a two-store future period of 2023/08/Survey methodology and analytical logic leading to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.