Sip champions, vcs grow in space, core competitive high-quality companies, GWON 2019 and Quarterly 2020. Events: GWON achieved 2,489 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 37.1 per cent over the same year, vcs high-quality videoconferencing system.
From 87.9 per cent to $330 million and from 3.6 pc to 13.24 per cent higher; from 1,235 million to 45.1 per cent higher and from 1,095 million to 46.4 per cent higher; from 4.2 pc to 66.0 per cent higher for 2019 companies; from 2.7 pc to 49.6 per cent higher for sales; and from 3.8 pc to 28.1 per cent higher for roe (distribution).
Long 22.0 per cent; net return to mother: 366 million yuan, 40.2 per cent more than the previous year and $317 million less than the net return to mother: 37.0 per cent more than the same year; overall rapid growth in performance, high rate of growth in cipphone operations worldwide, vcs video operation vcs offering one-stop solutions based on cloud+ end, strategic corporate direction, industry seepage
There is still much room for improvement. Sub-operation 1: 1)Sip desktop terminal revenue is 1,758 million yuan, a 31 per cent increase in the same year and 70.6 per cent in the same year; tip phone service is the world ' s number one with a market share of 27.3 per cent; 2)Dect terminal revenue is 307 million yuan, a 39 per cent increase in the same year and 12.3 per cent in the same year; and 3) vcs high-quality videoconferencing is growing by 87.9 per cent to 330 million yuan.
The percentage of receipts rose by 3.6 pct to 13.24 per cent, vcs being the strategic direction for corporate development, with an increasing end-to-end overall performance, and companies focused on the opening of domestic and foreign markets for vcs operations, with only 5 per cent of the world's business meetings, according to frost&sullivan data Installation of video equipment, and vcs' business penetration still having considerable scope for improvement.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the Māori rate has risen significantly, cost-side expenditure has risen, overall profitability has improved, company high Māori vcs business share has increased, sales structure has been optimized, exchange rate ups have been added and company costs have declined.
These factors include a significant increase in the company ' s combined Māori rate; and an increase in overall cost-side support as a result of market marketing costs and increased R&D inputs. The company ' s Māori ratio rose by 4.4 pct to 64.9 per cent and the Dict Māori ratio increased by 3.9 pct to 62.3 per cent and the vcs Māori ratio increased by 74.3 per cent, leading to an increase in the combined Māori rate by 4.2 ptt to 66.0 per cent.
The combined cost rate increased by 1.2 pct to 16.1 per cent, at a total cost of 400 million yuan, or 48.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to faster growth in marketing costs (as a result of the need to open new business markets) and in R&D. R&D inputs: sustaining high R&D and upgrading the core competitiveness of technologies, products and solutions
(i) Voice operations: accelerate the roll-out of new series, new machines and new features to ensure that software versions are upgraded at an iterative rate; and (ii) frequency conference operations: sustained high-speed input, plus-based R&D, product R&D and market support at three different levels;
Basic R & D focuses on voice and video decoding and the processing of sound and video bottom technologies, constantly increasing the efficiency and performance of algorithms; Billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent over the same year, and R & D costs of 7.7 per cent, with 546 R & D and technical service workers in the company, or 48 per cent.
Research and development advantages: sustained and high R & D inputs, improved R & D management systems to ensure an iterative pace of product upgrading, annual company sip phone operation awarded market leader by frast&sullivan; 2019 work with Microsoft to publish Teams I
Station audio and video terminal products, which help the target markets of the company gradually penetrate to higher ends. (2) Product accuracy: the company designs a rich product around a breakdown of the group ' s products, digs and meets the end demand, is the public 1.
Personal desktop end product lines, with t2 series, t4 series, t5 series, teams series, are well designed to ensure that products meet flexible deployment requirements;
3) Channel Strength: After many years of accumulation, companies have built up long-term, long-term needs that cover more than 100 countries around the world.
3. Communication Global Industrial Chains Launching Stock Incentives Program: Showing the company ' s confidence in its future development and looking forward to long-term corporate performance growth This stock Incentives Program is targeted at a total of 113 people in core management and core technology (business).
4. Remote office requirements. Corporate performance appraisals combined with individual performance appraisals reflect the company ' s focus on the personal interests of its employees, its focus on the long-term development of the company, and its confidence in future growth in development and performance.
We appreciate the company's core global competitiveness in the area of unified communications, as well as the long-term development of videoconferencing operations.
The global epidemic continues to spread; competition increases the risk; cloud video products are not as popular as expected; industrial policy risks, etc. First, overall performance is growing rapidly, and the sip phone operation remains the world’s number one, vcs video event: the World Wide Web collected 2,489 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 37.1 per cent over the same period, vcs with a high-quality videoconferencing system
Growth in revenue ranged from 87.9 per cent to $330 million, with an increase in revenue from 3.6 pc to 13.24 per cent; net return to mothers from 1,235 million to 45.1 per cent and net non-return to mothers from 1,095 million to 46.4 per cent; Māori rate from 2019 increased from 4.2 pc to 66.0 per cent; net interest rate from sales increased from 2.7 pc to 49.6 per cent; and Roe from 3.8 pc to 28.1 per cent.
Overall rapid growth in performance and high growth in Sipphone operations worldwide. Vcs provides a one-stop solution based on the “cloud+” end, which is the strategic direction of corporate development, with industry penetration still rising considerably.
There are different end solutions for both rooms or stand-alone offices and mobile users: To enhance meeting efficiency and experience, the company has launched a series of assistive devices, such as wireless microphones, wireless sliders, conference desktop panels, etc.
1) Sip desktop terminal revenues of $1,758 million, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year and 70.6 per cent in the same year; Sip telephone operations worldwide, 27.3 per cent of the market share; 2) Dect terminal revenues of $307 million, a 39 per cent increase in the same year and 12.3 per cent in the same year;
3) The high rate of growth of 87.9 per cent in Vcs HD videoconferencing, which is between 3.6 pct and 13.24 per cent higher, vcs, which is the strategic direction of corporate development, with an increasing end-to-end overall performance, the focus of companies on the opening of domestic and foreign markets for Vcs operations, the installation of video equipment at only 5 per cent of corporate meetings worldwide, and the continued high penetration of vcs, according to frost&sullvan data
The increase in the Māori rate has been evident, with higher cost-side expenditures and improved overall profitability. The company’s high Māori ratio vcs business share has increased, sales structures have been optimized, and the company’s combined Māori rate has risen significantly, owing to factors such as upturning the exchange rate and lower company costs; and the overall cost has been offset by increased marketing costs and investment in research and development.
The Māori rate for company operations is up by 4.4 pct to 64.9 per cent, the Māori rate for company operations is up by 3.9 pct to 62.3 per cent, and the Māori rate for vcs is up by 74.3 per cent, leading to an increase in the Māori rate by 4.2 pct to 66.0 per cent for combined operations. The combined cost rate is up by 1.2 pct to 16.1 per cent, with a combined cost of 400 million yuan, an increase of 48.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to sales costs (due to the opening of the new business market).
Research and development inputs: sustaining high R & D, upgrading the core competitiveness of technologies, products and solutions, maintaining large R & D inputs, ensuring competitiveness of products, fully meeting market needs and user experiences.
1) Voice operations: speed up the roll-out of new series, new machine models and new features to ensure that software versions are upgraded at an iterative rate; 2) Video conferencing operations: investment continues to increase at a high rate, with three different levels of value added basic R & D, product R & D and market support, with basic R & D focusing on audio video decoding and the processing of sound video bottom technologies, constantly increasing the efficiency and efficiency of algorithms
Billion dollars, an increase of 39.8 per cent in the same year, and the R & D cost rate of 7.7 per cent, or 48 per cent, of R & D and technical services workers in companies. Second, competitiveness is strong: core R & D advantages + product precision + channel advantages.
Competitiveness: Core R & D advantages + precision product positioning + channel advantages, creating barriers to corporate competition. 1) R & D advantages: sustained high R & D inputs, improved R & D management systems, ensuring product upgrading at an iterative rate, and technology foresight. The market share of company Sip phone operations was 27.3% in 2018, the number one in the world.
Scipphone operations were awarded a market lead prize by frost&sullvan: in 2019, together with Microsoft, released the one-stop sound of teams, the frequency end product, which was an adequate reflection of the competitiveness of the company ' s products and helped to gradually penetrate the target markets to the higher end. 2) Product location accuracy: companies are rich in product design, dig and meet end demand around a breakdown of the group ' s products, and it is company insurance.
The personal desktop end product lines, with t2, t4, t5, tams, are well designed to ensure that products meet the need for flexible deployments: 3) channel advantages: companies are based on distribution patterns and have built up over the years to cover more than 100 countries around the world.
Distribution system, with more than 140 countries and territories worldwide distributed by overseas distributors, with more than 80 stable distributors, and frost&sullivan best
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
In 2019, Microsoft launched a one-stop audio and video terminal product, which is an adequate manifestation of the competitiveness of the company ' s products and helps the company ' s target markets to penetrate at the higher end. The series of teams phones, which were online in 2019, was based on the same hardware platform as the t5 series, with specially designed software, and was authorized to use the same user style as the teams soft terminal.
The interactive interface, which operates in a private teams agreement and is used in conjunction with the teams system, ensures better user experience. At the same time, the network, based on a long-term accumulation of industry understandings, offers a series of more innovative ideas for the functional design of the series, creating a pre-existing advantage within the teams industry.
Figure 16: One-stop audio and video end product of the network Téams Company issues a stock incentive programme that highlights the company’s future development confidence and looks forward to long-term growth in corporate performance. The company’s share incentive programme was selected for a total of 113 personnel in core management and core technology (business).
The human performance test, reflecting the company's focus on the personal interests of its employees, on its long-term development, on the company's future development and performance, values the company's core global competitiveness in the area of unified communications, and the long-term development space for videoconferencing operations, the annual valuation hub of 36x, with a current market value of $52.4 billion, and we believe that there is still room for growth and “recommend”.
The global epidemic continues to spread; competition increases the risk; cloud video products are not as popular as expected; industrial policy risks, etc. The fifth crystal ball in the year, the gold-wing prize in the 2017 Securities Times.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.