Newtimesecurities take stock of new trends in vcs and steadily develop the market for sips
• The international leading provider of corporate communications and collaborative solutions The Billion Alliance Network, a unified communications solution provider based on audio-visual communications, has since been established, focusing on the field of deep-farming corporate communications, mainly from a combination of soft-end Usb terminals.
Go to the sip terminal, then to the videoconferencing system and terminals; roll out the private deployments vcs product starting in 2016, continuously improving the private deployment systems and terminals in 2017, while initiating the development of the public cloud platform and proposing the concept of “cloud + end, mixed cloud”; business processing capacity from audio to video
From data to the ongoing application of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, to products, it has evolved into a provider with the capacity to provide, on its own, a complete and unified communication solution covering terminals and systems.
In 2018, the company’s market share was 27.3%, the world’s first in 2019, and is expected to rise further. In 2019, the company’s business was awarded a market prize for frost&sullivan, and the company continued to invest a great deal of R & D in its operations, including existing products.
The continuous upgrading of lines and the development of new product lines meet deeper user needs. The new products, in turn, locate high-end markets and introduce a range of innovative technologies that will serve as a tool for companies to move into high-end firms’ markets, creating new growth opportunities for firms.
vcs is the strategic direction of the company, which will continue to invest firmly in product R & D and in the market. The “new crown” epidemic has also accelerated the pace of industry development, with teleworking, tele-education and tele-medicine.
The spread of treatment has contributed significantly to the fact that age groups that are not used to teleworking models, groups of businesses that do not use videoconferencing systems and industry sectors have become passive and widespread learning and use of videoconferencing systems, which will also prompt companies to accelerate and increase their investment and experience in this area.
We believe that the company's future high growth period is likely, and the company's net profits are projected for 2020-2022.
The unified communications tap has been steadily developing, with an increase in revenue of the same year,1 assuming no significant fluctuations in unit prices for the cip telephone products (including the dect wireless terminal) and maintaining a steady growth rate of around 25 per cent overall.
The operation of the Vcs high-quality videoconferencing system was in the early stages of expansion, with 96 per cent growth in 2018 compared to the same year.3 The rate of growth in the collection of spare parts and other operations has remained stable.
The market is generally of the view that there is limited room for sip phone growth, that product Maori rates will decline, and that industry patterns will be relatively stable. We believe that the process of Internet ipification will accelerate, that the penetration of sip phones will continue to increase, and that the company’s years-long audio-visual technology and operator channels will be difficult to replicate in a short period of time, and that high levels of Maori are common in the industry.
The company’s reliance on high-quality products will gradually increase its market penetration; 2. The market is generally perceived to be highly competitive in vcs, making it difficult to sustain high-speed growth. We believe that the growth of the cloud industry accelerated during the epidemic, that the traditional giants of the cloud age were weakened, and that the industry was faced with shuffling.
The global epidemic, the accelerated growth of tele-office-led videoconferencing, and the diversification of office practices will further increase the demand for video-based collaborative tools. The value added of the end/software belonging to the billion-dollar consortium is high, and companies are doing business.
We believe that, based on the company’s industry analysis, the company’s future high-growth period is expected to lead to the underdevelopment of overseas operations and exchange rate risks. International leaders in corporate communication and collaborative solutions providers
1.1. The development journey: the world's first global market for the sip phone is now the world's first global market for the cloud+end videoconferencing service and the global market for the sip phone is the world's first.
Solution providers, providing cloud-plus videoconferencing services around the world. With research and development at its core, the network adheres to autonomous innovation, with the world’s leading technology patents on cloud computing, audio-visual and image-processing, building up a global landscape, cloud-integrated audio-conferencing and collaborative solutions. The network works to make communication simpler.
More efficient, helping businesses to become more efficient and competitive. Its own brand, Yealink, best sold in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia.
The main products include one-stop personal desktop terminals, videoconferencing solutions. According to a report by frost&sullivan, in 2017, the market share of the network in the area of the sip phones was set up by the Internet.
Up to 26%, the world’s leading industry leader in the unified individual communications desktop terminal business. Since its inception, the Network has focused on the field of deep-farming corporate communications, with major operations ranging from a combination of soft-end Usb terminals to a sip terminal to a videoconferencing system and a terminal; and a private deployment model starting in 2016.
vcs product, which in 2017 continued to refine private deployment systems and terminals, while initiating the development of public cloud platforms and introducing advanced ideas of "cloud + end, mixed cloud"; business processing capabilities ranging from audio to video to data, while continuously applying new technologies such as artificial intelligence to products, gradually evolving into the ability to provide complete integration
And vcs products, providing relevant unified communications solutions and services. Companies are the leading global provider of Internet-based unified communications terminal solutions, bringing together R & D, sales and services, and through the United Nations.
Since its inception, companies have focused on providing small and medium-sized enterprises with products and services. Harmonizing communications enables business users to achieve interconnected communications purposes by unifying communications technology equipment and software, such as mobile communication software, whenever they exist.
The company outsources all of its products to independent third-party foreign association manufacturers for production and sells the end product mainly through authorized distributors.
Companies have more high-quality and stable customers in international markets and are more competitive in markets. Companies use a global network of authorized distributors to sell in 106 countries and regions on six continents.
Products, through continuous business development and marketing, companies establish and maintain long-term stable business relationships with authorized dealers. Effective management of authorized dealers enables companies to effectively control, expand and consolidate their global distribution channels and contribute to business development and sales revenue. North America and Europe are the whole world.
With the most developed communications markets and high market demand, companies have continued to increase their sales in both regions over the past few years, from RMB 329 million in 2014 to more than 90% of the revenues in the offshore markets in 2016. As business grows, companies are committed to marketing with well-known authorizations.
Business maintains a long-term cooperative relationship, while expanding the number of authorized distributors in different segmented market areas in order to expand the Division ' s global marketing network for greater market opportunities.
Frequent conference system, dict unified sip unified communications
The profit was 851 million, or 44.13 per cent, higher than the increase in sales income. The operating profit rate remained stable, and the increase in operating profits was consistent with the increase in sales; cash-based income generated more profits, from which the overall profit increase was higher than the increase in sales income.
Companies have been established to maintain R & D as their core competitiveness, long-term R & D investment, long-term R & D capacity-building, and long-term R & D capacity-building.
Keeping technology forward and creating a more competitive edge for companies from the perspective of R & D. In R & D management, after a long period of accumulation, the GWON has evolved into a better set of R & D project management mechanisms and methodologies, which has led to a significant increase in the viability, timely completion and efficiency of the project development plan, effectively safeguarding the needs of its clients.
In terms of R & D capabilities, the products of the billions network involve many disciplines, cloud, interlocking, ai technology and applications, audio and video decoding, processing algorithms, communication protocols, human interaction, industrial design, hardware design, etc. In each area, the billions network has formed its own teams to build up the relevant technology.
In terms of the management of R & D teams, together with the management mechanisms of R & D projects, a value-oriented evaluation and incentive system has been developed that has effectively contributed to the advancement and accumulation of R & D capabilities, which increased by 40.5 per cent in 2019. In 2019, corporate R & D inputs contributed to corporate sales.
The company continues to invest in technology and products related to voice operations, accelerating the roll-out of new series, models and features, ensuring that software versions are upgraded to the maximum extent possible to meet user needs. In view of the high rate of investment in frequency conference operations, there are three main lines of R & D, product R & D, market support, etc.
At the same level, it ensures that technology and products are improved and that market openings are supported by resources. Basic research and development focuses on sound video decoding and the processing of sound video bottom technologies, constantly improving the efficiency and performance of algorithms and providing basic performance guarantees for product development and development. Product research and development focuses on the structure of the platform, business process improvements and functionality.
At present, it ensures that market demand and user experience are met, and the number and ratio of R & D personnel are close to 50%2 and the telephonic lead industry is about to enter the high-end market.2
The product design and technology-led industry has become a real industry leader. Based on a further increase in the annual market share of frost&sullivan, companies have continued to invest a great deal of R & D in their operations, including continuous upgrading of existing product lines and the development of new product lines, seeking to reach more user groups.
The existing product lines meet the deep needs of more fine groups, such as software upgrades and machine-style expansions. The new product locates high-end markets and introduces a range of innovative technologies, such as unique soundproofing techniques, innovative off-the-shelf microphone designs, and corporate collaboration functions.
It will be a tool for companies to move into high-end firms’ markets, creating new growth opportunities for firms. As a result of strong rhetoric, companies enter into comprehensive strategic partnerships with Microsoft, which is a necessary trend in terms of social resource allocation and technological development, the replacement of ip communications with analogue communications.
Sipphones, the personal desktop communications terminal. Unlike traditional simulators, the traditional simulators function primarily as speakers, and the realization of audio transmissions, etc., is supported by pbx; however, sipphones require smart routers, audio video decoding and other application processing capabilities, which are equivalent to both routers, sound processing and smart tablets.
uc application is ultimately delivered through the uc terminal solution, which is available to the user to purchase from multiple service providers, or in combination with other services. uc terminal solution is operated through the Internet protocol (ip), which can be a public standard agreement (e.g. sip) or a proprietary ip agreement. Earlier in the city.
A proprietary ip terminal solution is generally more expensive and has limited functionality. The terminal system based on the sip protocol is compatible, but the proprietary ip-operated terminal solution was only able to reach 66.3% and 64.5% of the same protocol terminal solution in 2019.
Rapid growth has continued to attract new customers, providing additional functionality for the operations of different clients in various sectors. Major consumers of the terminal, especially in the Middle East and Africa (emea) and the Asia-Pacific region, contributed 43.4 per cent by sales in 2015.
In 2018, the network entered into a comprehensive strategic partnership with Microsoft. Both parties specified their intention to work together on the audio-visual one-stop solution and completed most of the development of the product.
The concept of letters, successively launched the lync, skypeforbusiness and teams systems, represents the future trends in corporate communications; as a traditional software provider, it adopts a model of cooperation with high-quality manufacturers in the end area, and the Billion Network has also become the main producer of its collaboration, with deep and comprehensive strategic partnerships in the area of audio and video.
Working together with Microsoft will help companies’ target markets to penetrate upwards and support their future performance. In the future, both sides will continue to exert influence in their respective fields, giving more businesses the opportunity to experience the efficiency and ease of a new modern model of collaboration and office, and will work together strategically and more closely in the future.
Cooperation to give more businesses the opportunity to experience the efficiencies and ease of working together. Cooperation with Microsoft 2.2, the diversity of corporate products and the special needs of different industries
The network's personal desktop terminals include a series of t2, t4, t5 and rect in hardware form; they are divided into major industry solutions such as operator solutions, call centre solutions, small and medium enterprise solutions, educational industry solutions, etc.
In this advanced product model, companies have met the specific needs of different industries with the highest efficiency, flexibility, and depth, and built competitiveness in different industries. According to the Frost&sullivan report, in 2017, the market share of the Internet sip phone business was 26%.
The t2 series primarily locates the SME market, tailoring solutions to the needs of different duty-bearers within the company. The t2 series, using a powerful network voice processing algorithm, can provide ultra-broadcast 150-7khz.
Qualitative frequency bands, which provide users with high speech quality, such as real human voice experience. Supports voice processing and network protocol using the rsc/dsp processor, which combines advanced broadband voice decoding g.722, qos, aec (repeal elimination), plc (discard package compensation), ajb (self-adaptation to shake buffers), agc (automatic gain control)
With a 30% net drop rate, you can still provide users with a near-destructive sound experience. This series of products, which is easy for SMEs, can help companies build their own connections.
A video server, which quickly locates contacts and communicates through idap, xml remote address scripts, is also available to improve office efficiency. In addition, it provides a wealth of programable buttons that allow users to define themselves as one-key speed dial, one-key switch, and voice-state display functions, depending on their actual needs, to make it easier for users to improve office efficiency.
Figure 14: t2 series of products t4 series mainly locates the high-end needs of large enterprises and groups. By connecting bt40usb bluetooth adapters, bluetooth headphones can easily be used to connect to communication terminals such as t46, t48 and enjoy unimpeded access
Mobile phone experience. The t4 series can be remotely configured to show programmers directly on the crystal screen, without the need for paper tags, paper savings, low-carbon environmental protection, and efficiency gains.
Business users are more sensitive to security, and the t4 series secures end-to-server or other end-to-end communications in terms of authentication through prefabricated Ssl certificates. In terms of command transmission, techniques such as sips and tls-based encryption transfer have been used to secure the user's communication information, such as incoming and outgoing electricity records, long calls, etc.
Full. In voice processing, support srtp voice encryption to prevent illegal wiretapping. In data transmission, the introduction of openvpn into the voip product directly secures user data from the third floor; in the same time, because openvpn is a purely software-based vpn system, the cost of user deployment is significantly reduced.
A number of key data operations, such as configuration transfer, have been incorporated into the encryption mode of https, which ensures security in data transmission. Advanced design concepts and innovative appearances have made the t4 series of communication terminals widely popular in high-end markets.
The t5 series is targeted at high-end and industry clients with multimedia communication needs. The series has the option of collating.
Transcoupling cameras, which provide 4cif (480i) images that can fully meet the need for face-to-face visual frequency communication on a colour screen of 7 inches. In addition, a three-way videoconference can be launched directly at the end, without additional mcu server support; and there is an open xml interface that can meet user-specific application needs and use it.
The live Xml service provides ready access to weather forecasts, stock information, industry information, etc. In addition, it has a wealth of functional features such as virtual buttons, user memory, remote address books, smart search, etc. that help business users improve their work efficiency and communication experiences.
The t5 series of products dect mainly locates applications with high mobile communications demand at specific locations, such as SMEs, malls, warehouses, etc. Each end of the series can support up to five handles, five accounts, and four simultaneous distributions.
In the Euro-American market, such small users are mostly served by operators, and it will be more difficult for operators to manage equipment such as account registration, configuration changes, solidware upgrades, etc. than wired equipment. Companies, in turn, are smart enough to use push-and-strength methods of air upgrading to solve this problem.
Question: The user does not need any action to update the version, configuration management, etc., and enhances the user’s experience. The dect series also has a full-time, high-resolution sound quality, 1.8-inch colour screen, built-in poe, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly model, with a large signal area, with a maximum indoor signal covering 50-m radius, and a maximum outdoor signal covering a maximum radius.
Up to 300 m to allow users to fully enjoy a free flow of communication experience.
Companies focus on user needs, precision and location of products. Products meet client needs, services meet channel needs, marketing can help channels, and the billion-dollar network has always insisted on a combination of fists to maintain its integrity, maximize its possibilities, access to channel resources, drive its business, and the company has stronger technical barriers.
(1) Technical barriers to products Harmonisation of communication is a combination of computer technology and communication technology, interconnectivity and synergistic application, bringing together all types of information, such as voice, video, e-mail, fax, short message, multimedia and data
Free communication of data, images, and sound can be obtained at any time or place through any device, any network. With the rapid pace of communication technology, new and innovative communications applications are evolving, people are becoming more and more diverse in their communication methods, and unified communication systems and equipment are faced with an increasingly complex communications environment.
As well as the growing demand for users, this requires unified communication systems and equipment manufacturers to be at the forefront of the communications industry market, constantly developing technological accumulation and innovation, and continuously optimizing the solutions for connectivity and synergistic applications in order to meet the more efficient and convenient communication needs of users.
Companies have invested heavily in R&D, building technical barriers in the area of unified telecommunications equipment, and have become important competitive advantages for companies. There are enormous challenges for new entrants to recover initial costs, earn profits, and capture market shares.
The lack of financial resources makes it difficult for new entrants to produce on a scale that makes their ability to increase market share subject to (3) market and brand barriers, willingness rather than new entrants, and the quality of products and services mainly for new entrants, subject to market testing.
Users ' familiarity with the product and the license plate business has led to a certain degree of loyalty to brand products, and users have become familiar with the product specifications of existing manufacturers, thus making brand perception and loyalty an inherent threshold for new entrants.
Proponents, mainly in autonomous branding, have developed a better branding profile within the industry and among the consumer groups of the business. More and more telecommunications operators such as British Telecom, German Telecom, Italian Telecom, and unified communications such as avaya, broadsoft, lync, etc.
In international communications markets, it is difficult to work with telecommunication operators with higher service requirements without better brand visibility. (4) Product certification and market entry barriers
Certification of communications products takes longer, and while product performance must be in line with industry-wide technology standards, it must also have customer-specific service capabilities, suppliers need to be on-site, have first-hand information, and have more managerial experience in order to accurately capture client-specific needs.
As of the date of signing of this offer, the company’s series of products have received mandatory certification for various products such as EUce, United States fcc, Australia rcm, Brazil anatel, and Egypt’s ntra certification.
Of these, 38 were EU-CE certifications, 38 were US-Fcc certifications, 35 were Australian rcm certifications, 12 were Brazilian anatel certifications, 9 were Egyptian ntra certifications, 33 were Canadian c/ices certifications, 1 was Hong Kong fca certification, 2 were Chinese ccc certifications and 2 were Chinese Internet access certifications.
For the telecommunications equipment industry, operators and industry users need to procure customized products through a top-level selection process, which will result in the identification of a few relatively fixed suppliers.
Unable to enter the industry easily by weak firms.
The level of profitability in the industry and the reduced willingness of new entrants to enter • The regulatory environment for industry and the need for recognition of related products in different countries and regions will greatly increase the financial timeliness of new entrants
Inter-costing increases in its forward inputs,3 the prospects for a market for videoconferencing operations are high, and the cloudy age vcs is the strategic direction of the company, which will remain steadfast in its investment in product R & D and in market openings.
The 2018 vcs product has improved significantly in terms of system capacity, stability, network environmental adaptability, and functionality. To maximize deployment needs, companies have been able to innovate at the product architecture level to efficiently provide flexible deployment options for users.
The end-product model is expanding, the components are becoming more abundant, and the performance of the end product is increasing to the level of industry leadership. With the overall performance of the system and the end, the "Cloud+" product concept is being implemented, and the "Cloud+" will be brought to the attention of the users.
3.1. The market for Vcs is growing rapidly, with an average annual growth rate of more than 20% in China and a long-term market for videoconferencing systems in China, which will also show rapid growth in the coming years. Markets have been growing faster and competitive in recent years, with costs decreasing.
Commercial, civilian video systems are expected to develop rapidly, and the market capacity is expected to grow considerably. The domestic videoconferencing system is expected to grow rapidly in the coming years, with a group of domestic private enterprises rapidly growing and taking advantage of this growing video cake.
The report on the analysis of strategic planning for the development of the videoconferencing system industry and investment projects that the Chinese videoconference market will grow by more than 30 per cent during the “13th Five-Year Plan”, and that the domestic videoconferencing system will have a market size of more than 59 billion yuan by 2020, with the market showing growth.
The videoconferencing system has been moving forward since the 1990s, when it entered China, especially in the form of the 2003 SARS, which created opportunities for videoconferencing to enter the market and created a boom in the development of videoconferencing in the country. The 2008 Olympic Games and the 2010 World Expo, plus three.
The integration of the Internet, the further development of high-quality technology and the promotion of videoconferencing have ushered in yet another period of high-profile development, and the current trend towards a steady increase in the market for videoconferencing in my country, with an average annual increase of more than 20 per cent, as measured by the Institute of Foresight, is driven by the combined needs of public institutions and enterprises in the fields of health, education and finance.
The size of the calculations has grown from $4.55 billion in 2011 to $13.28 billion in 2017. 3.2.Vcs industry demand is strong, product endowments are diverse, domestic videoconferencing markets are now dominated by government demand, and there will be significant developments in industry applications in the future.
Space. Looking ahead, the share of government demand in the domestic videoconferencing market in 2017 was as high as 32 per cent. In addition, the industry of finance, telecommunications and education accounted for a relatively high share, and the domestic demand was relatively balanced from that of the global market. As a result, there is still much room for growth in industry applications in the future, especially in high-tech companies.
The biggest commercial value of video conferencing is multi-industry, multi-scenes. The video conferencing is solving corporate problems.
As the mobile Internet develops, cloud videoconferencing supports end access to apps, tablets, laptops, etc., starting to expand from conference rooms to individuals, and using videotaping to integrate business needs.
A customized cloud video communication programme has enabled cloud videoconferencing to enter the vertical fields of health care, education, finance, etc. Application in the education sector. Given the imbalance in educational resources resulting from east-west developments, the country’s education industry is a clear problem, and many students in the west are unable to accept the same quality as those in the eastern coastal cities.
Education resources, even lack of access to education, are a significant constraint on the development of the West. Thus, the World Wide Web has promoted the use of videoconferencing systems in the education sector and the use of “double-teacher classrooms” to enable children in the West to receive education resources from the East from remote distance, and has enabled many classrooms to be taught simultaneously.
Quality classroom content is shared in real time, easy to operate, sound-painting is stable, and a new model of teaching is launched. In addition to serving the needs of two-teacher classrooms, the BGW web videoconferencing system can support a variety of learning, such as public live sessions, distance learning, online home visits, instructional supervision, etc., which, on the one hand, makes the western part of the country possible.
Children in the district have full access to quality educational resources in the east, and this has led to closer links between schools. The use of videoconferencing systems in the medical sector is mainly based on telemedicine and real-time supervision.
As a result of these special and objective conditions, the problems of poor health care resources, inefficient management, and family care are becoming more acute. With its strong technical advantages and stable product quality, the network deploys hundreds of millions of dollars to hospitals.
In the area of videoconferencing, the demand for product safety in the country’s industry market, dominated by the Government and the Public Prosecution Act, is increasing, and there is a clear increase in national production.
By assisting in the construction of the Platform for Informatization of Government Services, the Billion Network can integrate a range of welfare services for farmers, such as technical advice, medical advice, legal aid, integrated party services; through the Platform, it can move across to the direct city window units, vertically connecting city, county, village and village service centres at four levels, forming “horizontal, borderline,”
The information system is "vertical." At the same time, through soft terminals, mass service can be delivered face-to-face and support senior leaders in remote video monitoring of service windows, as well as distance education training for party members, which effectively improves the quality and efficiency of government offices.
High growth in sales earnings and product competitiveness in government sector 3.3, vcs. Vcs practiced 87.93% in 2019, while the “new crown” epidemic accelerated industry
In 2018, domestic and overseas channels went hand in hand, and overseas markets made clear breakthroughs in some countries; domestic channels achieved full regional coverage.
A higher rate of growth, but still under investment, accounts for a relatively small share of corporate sales revenue, and has not yet had enough impact on corporate sales revenue. Moreover, the “new crown” outbreak of early 2020 also accelerated the pace of industry development and contributed significantly to the spread of teleworking, tele-education, and telemedicine.
This will also prompt companies to accelerate and increase their investment in this area, build experience, and continuously improve the user experience of their products.
The BGW videoconferencing solution would like to see: “Cloud+end”, mixed cloud, easy to deploy. This would be based on “Cloud+end” and a smart network, which would provide an extraordinary audio-visual performance experience; multiple “Cloud” programmes would provide flexible deployment models that would meet the needs of various user groups; and high performance would be easy to deploy and reduce users.
The network combines cloud platforms with viewing terminals in depth and overall excellence to achieve an excellent user profile. At the same time, the network maintains the platform’s open nature: support for multi-agreements, multi-brand interfaces, multi-form terminal access, support for a global view, and real access at any time, anywhere and in any way.
The operation is not restricted to within the organization by equipment, which allows any form of operation to be located to the greatest extent possible to safeguard the interests of users.1 The assumption is that the unit price of the cip phone product (including the dect wireless terminal) has not fluctuated significantly and the overall rate of increase is not significant.
The steady growth of approximately 25 per cent was maintained.2 The operation of the Vcs high-resolution videoconferencing system was in the early stages of operational expansion, with a 96 per cent increase in 2018 compared to the previous year.3 The rate of growth in the collection of spare parts and other operations remained stable.
Table 2: Key assumptions for fcff valuation
The company’s history average is 35.12 times greater than the historical average. We believe it is based on the company’s industry analysis, market space measurements, growth of its operations, and estimates.
The value concludes that the company is expected to have a high growth potential in the future and that the net profits of the company for the period 2020-2022 are expected to be spread separately, resulting in the risk of overseas business not developing as expected and exchange rate risk.