Sip King's secure position, vcs' return to power, and the development of the two-tracks of the network (300628.sz) .sip and vcs, with a clear advantage of a unique distribution channel, covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating is given.
Billion Network is a unified communications solution provider based on audio-visual communication, offering a unified communication solution for global business users, with company products spearheaded by the sip voiceover, with vcs business increasing from year to year, the product structure being optimized and the Māori ratio being maintained as the company moves into the video and cloud service track.
The company, in close collaboration with the distributors, is expected to recreate a new one in the vcs area, as the 5g ICT upgrade and the “new crown” epidemic is driving the firm to the top, with a strong regulatory, industry-specific, collaborative management model that builds distribution systems that cover more than 100 countries around the world and creates market-channel advantages.
We predict that the company will be able to achieve its parent net profit king, high-end clients, high-performing and sustainable operations in the company's main business account for more than 70% of the company's operating income, with a strong product line and a global market share.
First, companies are actively adapting to business development needs and target clients are gradually reaching large, high-end customers from a large number of SMEs, including United States telecommunications operators at&t, verizon, German telecommunications, French telecommunications, British telecommunications, etc., and in recent years have reached agreement with unified communications industry leaders such as Microsoft.
Strategic partnerships to build a core technology moat to lock in profits, firm sip’s global market niches, and business performance is expected to continue to grow. . .. company embraces the long-term growth value of vcs’ business and is expected to create a new “King”
The company developed Vcs in the first place, actively embraced the diversity of network upgrades and applications brought about by 5g, based on the "Cloud+end" and worked together to provide an extraordinary audio-visual experience, as well as for small and medium-sized enterprises that relied on cloud platforms to meet their customization needs, and made a steady breakthrough in their operations.
The system expands the vcs business and operates with a multiplier effect, focusing on active SMEs and expanding to high-value net customers, the vcs market share is expected to expand further, and future performance is expected to be higher than expected.
1.1 The two-track development of cips and vcs continues to optimize the product structure The Billion Network is a global-oriented communications listing company. The company combines R & D, sales and services, and provides international leaders in the form of corporate communications terminal equipment reconciliation to more than 140 countries and territories around the world through foreign-union processing.
The company has a long-term deep-deep business communications sector, with a diversified product structure. The company is dominated by the product, which accounts for 70.63 per cent of operating income, and its operations cover the two categories of sip and teams.
In the area of videoconferencing, the company now has the leading technology patent for cloud computing, audio-visual and image processing, offering a cloud-plus base, and cloud-end collaboration provides an extraordinary audio-visual experience. At the same time, the company offers a one-stop-to-work solution, which goes further.
Improved SME penetration. Currently vcs account for 13.24 per cent of business, business increases year by year, vcs Māori ratio of lead companies selling various products. Figure 2: Vcs video product Māori lead
Figure 3: Companies are dominated by cip phone products (millions of yuan) 1.2, equity structures stabilized, shareholders and real owners clearly identified Billion Network Holdings are important contributors to the company ' s performance, both within and outside the country, leading the industry.
Four of these companies hold 100% of the holdings, and two investment companies hold 30% and 35% respectively. Among the holding companies, Yealink (europe)worktechnologyb.v. is the main bridgehead in the United States and Europe.
1.3. The advantages of market channels are evident and the operating income section is very high. Companies establish global distribution channels, establish long-term partnerships with distributors, and expand the range of users.
The company, as a unified communications equipment manufacturer, sells its products mainly through the channel distribution system, which consists of authorized distributors, operators, distributors, system integrators, etc. Through participation in trade fairs, companies and major distributors americantenologies, ipmatika, etc.
lydis and others establish cooperation; companies enter into cooperation with Verizon through participation in tenders; in addition, companies cooperate with approximately jeenne, netxusa, teledynamics, sansource, allnetgmbhcomputersystem, etc., which are well-known local agents, establishing distribution systems covering more than 100 countries around the world and most of which are marketed
Business and corporate partnerships have been established for more than 10 years, creating an advantage in distribution channels. Targets have been targeted at small and medium-sized business users and have gradually expanded high-end users to form strategic partnerships with leaders in the unified communications industry, such as Microsoft.
With strong market advantage, corporate performance continued to rise in 2015-2019, with the Sip sector being the leading city, the trend and market channel advantage, and the company ' s Māori ratio rising from year to year, reaching 65.59 per cent as of 2019, the industry tops 30 per cent of the industry.
Figure 7: Corporate operating income and net return profits continue to rise steadily and steadily, maintaining industry ' s first advantage 2.1. Keystone operations and op-ed high-end markets
Sip products are rich enough to meet market demand; Sip’s business income is high, and its market share remains the world’s highest. As the company’s main business, Sip’s business accounts for 70% of the company’s business income, and according to the report of Frest&sullvan, the market share of the network’s Sip phone operation was 27.3% in 2018, the world’s largest.
There are several solutions on the software, such as small and medium-sized enterprises, home-grown business voice, one-stop programs, which are both hardware and software to meet market demand. Sip operations are developed in a way that allows companies to break down their client groups and focus on high-end markets.
Positioned at a large number of SME clients and gradually extended to large, high-end clients, including major operators such as American telecommunications operators at&t, verizon, German telecommunications, French telecommunications, British telecommunications, etc., and in recent years corporate ratios have been strategically partnering with Microsoft to launch a new series of teams, in coordination with the teams system.
Use, better guarantee of user experience. In 2017, high-end t5 product series was launched, companies continued to push high-end product lines, in early 2019 they launched the industry ' s leading sip terminal t5x series, with excellent noise mitigation and flexible deployment capabilities to upgrade user experience, and the share of high-end product output continued to rise in the first half of 2019, further consolidating the sip.
The dominant position in global markets. Figure 9: Sip’s market share is the world’s first 2.2, scientific and technological inputs continue to grow, and equity incentives to stimulate corporate development
For enterprises, improved audio quality of voice terminals is at the heart of research and development. Since its inception, companies have insisted on research as their core competitiveness, and on long-term high investment in research and development.
The products are multidisciplinary: clouds, interactions, artificial intelligence technologies and applications, audio-visual decoding, processing algorithms, communication protocols, human interaction, etc., are rich in technology. Sustained scientific input effectively ensures the timely and full demand of clients.
In order to further develop sound corporate long-term incentives to attract and retain talented people and to maintain technological excellence, in 2020 companies issued restrictive stock incentives of 1 per cent of corporate equity, with incentives of no less than 20 per cent per annum, and equity incentives will stimulate companies to increase their core technological power in R & D products.
Table 2: Companies issuing employee equity incentive schemes, reproducing the successful experience of sip and embracing the long-term growth value of vcs’ operations
3.1. Embrace 5g for commercial applications, “cloud + end” operations, which could well be added to the company vcs field, based on “cloud + end”, where cloud collaboration provides an extraordinary audio and video experience, providing one-stop integrated solutions. 5g for commercial applications, making it possible for the cloud + end model to develop on one side.
Face, the high bandwidth and low-time delay of the 5g network are sufficient to satisfy ultra-high-resolution video-stable transmissions. The ultra-clear video application, based on the 5g network, is extensive, with cloud-end high-performance computing supporting the rendering of the conference images, putting them and storing them at the cloud end, making it easier to use. The company has developed a second-generation videoconferencing system for the steady transmission of audio-visuals.
Improved transmission quality. On the other hand, commercialization applications of 5g reduce customer use costs, reduce equipment configuration requirements, lower business use costs, expand users to small and medium-sized enterprises, expand markets. Companies invest in the potential of 5g applications, continuously complete the system of visual products, and help clients to achieve intelligent office and work.
Efficient meetings. Agreement with China Telecom to develop 5g core applications and open up cloud video applications. Since 2015, the company has been publishing a series of vcs products, including vc200-c, vc800, vc500, ctp20, vc880, wpp20, etc.
Rooms, mini-conference rooms, or stand-alone offices, mobile users, using the ai and big data to facilitate videoconferencing upgrades, adding a multiplicity of collaborative models that evolve into office platforms, changing office models to allow clients to work in various settings at any time or place. With the advancement of 5g and the formation of a complete product system, companies will benefit from the synergies of products.
Increased end-market sales driven by cloud services. Figure 11: Corporate cloud-end application model, continuous completion of cloud-vision product systems 3.2, construction of a 5g landscape diversification programme, industry solutions becoming a new point of achievement
In order to allow users to work together and enjoy communication experiences in different settings, companies have introduced end-products adapted to different scenarios, with different end-uses for medium-sized and small conference rooms, mini-conference rooms or independent offices, and mobile users.
At the same time, company videoconferencing products aim to improve the core performance and functional experience of product solutions by increasing market-side input services, and company end-of-life solutions include education, health, political party construction, construction, manufacturing, finance, and chains. Industry solutions work with multi-core customers.
The education sector works with core clients, such as Tianjin University and the Russian Rosatom School, and the company provides videoconferencing departments to assist both teachers in their classrooms. In the medical sector, telemedicine is assisted via online video, with partners such as Hospital No. 1 of Nakayama University.
The business share has risen gradually, to 13.24 per cent, a 9.45 per cent increase over the same period, the Māori ratio of vcs has climbed to 74.35 per cent in parallel, and the running end-sip business 7.65 per cent, and the share of vcs will further increase as the company end-of-service solution is further refined and the demand of customers rises, becoming a new engine for growth in corporate performance.
3.3 The epidemic has accelerated, and the global “new crown” epidemic, which has focused on the effectiveness of MSMEs strategies, has led to a surge in demand for tele-officers by businesses, with companies focusing on the “new crown” of MSMEs clients' strategy, which has led to a surge in demand for tele-officers, especially MSMEs, for cloud video.
Focusing on small and medium-sized micro-enterprise clients, the new coronary epidemic has led to teleworking, and has fostered the use of clouds and videos by small and medium-sized micro-enterprises. The company's “cloud view” products have been opened free during the epidemic, assisting small and medium-sized micro-enterprises to work remotely, increasing market awareness of the company's vcs business and fostering user habits, as the number of customers increases and becomes more frequent.
The introduction of private and deployed vcs products has been accompanied by active development of public cloud platforms and development models.
In the case of MSMEs, the cost of building their own private communication platforms is too high, allowing MSMEs to customize their purchases according to their size requirements, thereby saving office costs. According to the National Statistical Office, the number of MSMEs in the country is 99.8%, 18.7 million (the latest data in 2018), with companies relying on them.
The market share of the vcs business is expected to expand, and the revenue share of the company’s operations will increase further. 3.4. Deepening domestic market potential and opening up new opportunities for income growth
Deepening the potential of the domestic videoconferencing market to support companies in their future business. Video conferences are divided into two types of hardware videoconferencing, represented by exclusive video, and software videoconferencing, represented by cloud video, as opposed to exclusive video, cloud, simple video deployment, easy reach, cheap prices for cloud-based video products, which are currently only about the price of vcs products.
1/10, which will effectively boost the needs of users such as small and medium-sized enterprises. According to IR data, the size of the market for visual meetings was $815 million by 2019, the market size continued to rise, and our cloud videoconferences were still in the long run, with the size of our cloud video market at $220 million in 2019. With the spread of 5g networks, the cloud videoconferences are still growing.
With the impact of the China-United States trade war and the global epidemic, companies intensified their efforts to develop domestic markets. In 2019, the company’s Beijing Product Experience Centre opened, covering real-life products, video smart terminals, industry solutions, etc.
The first exhibition hall outside Xiamen’s headquarters reflected the firm’s determination to farm deep in the Chinese market. By 2019, the company’s overseas city had 80.6% Māori, which was 15.21% lower than in 2015, compared with the company’s overseas market Māori, and China’s ip communications had continued to replace analogue communications around the world, and the enterprise’s internal isolation systems had begun to melt.
Combining, e.g., voice communication systems and videoconferencing systems are beginning to integrate: assuming 27 per cent, 26 per cent, 24 per cent, respectively, of corporate sip unified communications desktop terminal harvests for the three-year period 2020/2011/2022; 5g-driven high bandwidth consumption video; communications market sinking from high-end enterprises, generating more demand; market volume growing; company code vcs
Fields, assuming that the Vcs high-quality videoconferencing system grew by 29 per cent, 30 per cent, and 100 per cent, respectively, in the three-year period from 2020 to 2021/2022, the network is a unified communications solution provider based on audio-visual communications, for global business users, for a unified communications solution, with company products dominated by the sip voiceover product, as companies cut into video and cloudy clothes.
On the track, vcs’ business share is rising year by year, product structure is being optimized, and the Māori rate is being kept high. Companies, in close collaboration with distributors, have adopted a highly regulated, disaggregated and collaborative management model that builds distribution systems that cover more than 100 countries worldwide and creates market access advantages, adding “new crowns” to the upgrading of 5g communication technologies.
The epidemic is driving the corporate boom, and companies are expected to build a new “billion-dollar alliance” in the area of vcs, with a multiplicity of operations and a relative comparative value advantage. Table 4: Comparable company valuation: the billion-dollar network has a certain valuation advantage
As competition increases in overseas markets, firms are likely to have to spend some cost to cope with higher industry standards and competition with competitors, with some negative impacts on company performance. And the trend of the epidemic abroad is uncertain, with possible negative impacts on overseas market demand and company operations.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Corporate operations abroad are settled in United States dollars, and the competitiveness of the company’s product prices and income gains are more affected by exchange rate fluctuations.
The bargaining power of pre-purchasing can absorb most of the risks posed by price fluctuations in raw materials. If the price of the main raw materials fluctuates significantly in the future, the company will continue to face fluctuations in the price of the main raw materials for its business performance.