In 2021, the company achieved a single silicon product of 70,0gw, and a component of 38,5gw, representing 30.1% of the global market share.
17.4 per cent, the world's largest. In 2021, companies achieved 80.930 billion yuan in operating income, resulting in net profit from the mother.
Technology is in the mainstream, and Lungi pioneered the introduction of diamond slicing technology in 2012 to significantly reduce production costs. In 2014, companies successfully developed small and expensive monocrystal routes into the mainstream industry by acquiring Leaf components, connecting downstream markets.
The technology innovation, the silicon-chain Māori ratio have been a significant leader for many years, and in conjunction with the rapid development of component operations, the new battery technology reserve is rich and the Hpbc commercialization has started. The perc battery technology conversion efficiency is now nearing a bottleneck, and the new battery technology changes are imminent.
Topcon/hjt/ibc's various routes, and constantly updating the industry's records on the conversion efficiency of the routes. On the side of the volume, the company was the first to invest in blended blunt back contact battery (hpbc) battery technology and was expected to produce 19gw by the end of 2022. The company indicated that the component's products were industry-oriented in terms of performance, appearance, and reliability.
The advantage, which is now mainly directed at high-end distributed photovoltaic markets, is expected to produce 150,885gw silicone/battery/assemblies by the end of 2022. While the industrial market space remains at a high rate of growth, we expect the silicone chain to decline gradually in profitability, while electricity is expected to grow.
Pool profits have increased significantly. In conjunction with the company’s output structure and expansion trends, we expect the company’s silicon outlet operations to be profitable, while the release of more new power from the battery chain is expected to increase significantly the single-watt profits of the component products, and the integration of the components is expected to increase significantly.
Profit forecasting and valuation: We expect the company to produce silicon tablets (including self-use) in 2022-24, with less progress in industrialization of new technologies and less acceptance of new products. Lungi Green Energy Technology Inc. was established in 2000 with its headquarters in Shanxian.
Physical materials are the main business, starting with the transformation of photovoltaic silicon in 2006 and pushing the monocrystal route in the light-voltage market dominated by multi-crystal products, becoming the world’s largest supplier of solar monocrysil silicon tablets in 2011. Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2012, with monocrysil silicon gradually becoming the market.
In May 2014, the company acquired Zhejiang Leaf, quickly entered the battery and assembly chain and set the path for vertical integration, and then the company ' s battery and assembly plates grew rapidly, reaching the world ' s number one in 2020.
In March 2021, a subsidiary, the West Anlongki Hydrogen Energy Technology, was established and formally introduced into the hydrogen energy equipment industry. In July 2022, the Lungi Central Institute officially launched a strategy to strengthen research and development enabling capabilities. In November 2022, the company officially released components of a mix of blunt back contact battery (hpbc) technologies designed to strengthen distributional markets.
The company's shares are relatively fragmented, and the founder is the largest single shareholder. The founder and president of the company, Mr. Li Jingoo, holds 14.08% of the company's shares, Ms. Li Hee Yin, Li Jingo's wife holds 5.02% of the shares, and the two together hold 19.10% of the shares and are the actual controllers of the company. Mr. Li Chunyan, the effectively controlling owner of the city, holds 2.11% of the shares, Mr. Li Zhen Goo,
Ms. Li Sheyan and Mr. Li Chunan, acting as co-actors, together held 21.21% of the shares.Figure 2: Corporate stock structure and map of major shareholder relationships (as of the end of September 2022) The company has implemented cumulatively three equity incentive schemes since it was listed.
The Third Equity Incentives Programme was disclosed in March 2022, with two awards, the first of which awarded a total of 34.72 million restricted shares at a price of $27.58 per share to 26 incentive recipients, including 5 from the top core staff, such as the Chairman of the Board, and 21 others from the core management, technology, operations and personnel.
The second group, mainly for middle-level core management, technology and business personnel, has a wide range of coverage, granting 46,540,000 stock options to an incentive audience of 2,369 with an equity price of $44.24 per share. 2022 stock options waiting periods of 12 months, 24 months and 36 months, respectively, from the date of award
The company's director has worked together for many years, with a unique vision of strategic development. Mr. Li Jingo, the company's founder, and Mr. Lee Zhen Gok, a leading expert in the horizontal magnetic crystals field, has long been engaged in monocrysilica production and research.
In order to do so, the carbon-free process developed by its multi-crystal carbon headlines has been widely applied in industry and is funded by the National Science and Technology Innovation Fund. Mr. Chung Po-Shen, Chairman of the Board, is a well-known expert in the field of magnetic materials and has long been involved in research in this field.
The company’s main business, as the leader of the largest integrated component, involves several links in the photovoltaic industry chain, including single crystalline silicone tablets, batteries, assemblies, and photovoltaic power stations. At the same time, the company’s forward-looking layout is bipv.
The company’s initial main product was single crystal silicon, which began to expand to downstream component rings since the purchase of musical leaves in 2014, and the single crystal perc battery capacity began to be released rapidly in 2020. As of the end of 2021, the company’s silicon film had been used as a tool for the production of single crystal perc batteries.
Photovoltaic components and their upstream silicon are the company ' s main product. The share of component harvests was 72% in 2021, and the ratio of silicon and silicon rod harvests was 21%. In 2021, the overall Māori ratio of products was 20.19%, the Māori rate of components was 17.06%, and the Māori rate of silicon and silicon rods was 27.55%.
Production of silicon silicon for substitute workers, increasing their own capacity utilization. The photovoltaic sector has great potential for growth, maintaining a high rate of growth of 302gw in the coming years, with a first-time breakthrough of half, or 56% of the total.
In 2021, global photovoltaic power accounted for 3.7% of total electricity demand, and as the cost of photovoltaic technology rose, there was a huge amount of room for photovoltaics to replace non-fossil energy. By the end of 2021, the world had accumulated 940gw photovoltaics, of which 547.7gw were installed in Asia and the Pacific.
This represents 58 per cent of the global total; 205.4gw for the European region, or 22 per cent of the global total; 161.8gw for the Americas, or 17 per cent of the global total; and 25.1gw for the Middle East and Africa, or 2.7 per cent.
With the rapid development of the domestic market and the expansion of the photovoltaic market, our multi-crystal silicon production increased in 2019, and our multi-crystal silicon production increased by 32 per cent in 2019.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, the shortage of silicon material began to ease with the gradual release of the production capacity of several silicon companies.
By 2023, it is expected that more silicon production will be delivered to meet global market demands. Since downstream component cost transfer capabilities are subject to the price of electricity, financial costs, and contract terms in the region where the photovoltaic power station is located, and increased competition between silicon, battery, and assembly chains, the price of silicon will continue to rise in the second half of 2020.
At the same time, the earnings of the downstream links are significantly squeezed. As shown in the figure below, we expect to improve the profitability of the batteries and components as silicon material enters the price-reducing route, while the silicon fragments are expected to lose their stock. Figure 10: Silicon, silicon, battery, component multimori projection (M/w, free of taxes)
During the high price of silicon in 2021-2022, the non-silicon cost ratio for silicon/cell/assembly links was lower than 11.3% to 14.4% and 32.8% respectively, and the difference in manufacturing costs had a relatively small impact on the profitability of enterprises. As the price of silicon material fell, the differences in manufacturing capacity and cost-control capabilities between the various links of the photovoltaic industry chain would gradually occur.
This is reflected in the fact that firms with stronger operational management capabilities can achieve a stronger competitive advantage. Competition patterns: new entrants to the chain are accelerating the integration of the head silicon: increasing the pattern of competition. Silicon links have been under a more concentrated double oligarchic pattern in recent years.
The technological advances in single crystals have resulted in significant efficiency gains in silicon links and high profitability, attracting a large number of new entrants, including downstream components and equipment. As integrated components have their own silicone capacity, priority will be given to digesting, we expect the silicone in integrated enterprises to reach 126/197gw in 2022/2023, respectively.
Excluding the above-mentioned production, the third-party silicon market demand and effective capacity were 219/463gw in 2023. We calculated the effective production capacity of the 2023 Lungi (out-sales component) and the Central Ring combined to be 215gw, representing 46.5 per cent of the third-party silicone market ' s effective capacity, with a fragmented pattern of competition, with the profit prospects of silicon operations under pressure.
Component: A rapid increase in domestic market demand and supply in tandem, since 2019, when the photovoltaic industry entered the era of global parity, overseas markets continued to grow beyond domestic markets, and photovoltaic component production moved to an integrated model. 1) Integrated production models can offset production failures in different chains.
(c) Domestic capital markets provide a very friendly financing environment for the photovoltaic industry and encourage enterprises to do more.
In recent years, overseas markets have grown and capital markets have contributed to the concentration of components on the head. In the four years from 2018 to 2021, the photovoltaic component cr5 rose from 29.9 per cent to 60.9 per cent, and according to company announcements or official network disclosure, the component segment cr5 is expected to increase further to 2022.
The global silicon, battery-related flagships’ shares, which began in the second half of the second half of 2022, will inevitably have an impact on the competitive patterns of the components. New entrants will start with a centralized domestic market, gradually developing marketing channels and brands, and entering the distribution.
In 2023, the components of centralized power stations in the country were exported and industrially capable both to achieve high-speed growth. Battery: New battery technologies are expected to bend overboard. Photovoltaic batteries generate light voltage, which is sucked when the light hits the surface of the solar battery.
(b) The electron-vessel is generated on both sides of the battery p-n knot (the semiconductor type P and the semiconductor interface area of N).
Learning losses, which are reduced by various measures, are the evolution and transformation of photovoltaic cell technology routes, which began replacing multiple crystal silicon tablets in 2017, perc batteries replacing aluminium backfield (bsf) batteries, and single crystal perc battery technology, which has gradually become the market mainstream, resulting in the replacement of the most recent battery technology routes.
As perc battery technology matures, there is now less room for efficiency enhancement in p-perc battery technology, and more and more businesses in the industry invest in new battery capacity. There is much room for efficiency enhancement in the conversion of n-single cell technology, represented by topcon, heterolytic knots (hjt) and ibc.
As perc battery volume conversion efficiency approaches the theoretical limit, battery manufacturers gradually accelerate the development and production of N-type battery technology, which includes Topcon, hjt and ibc. Topcon takes the lead in commercialization and volume production with its cost and equipment compatibility advantages.
In the future, the tbc and hbc routes can be achieved through a combination of Topcon/hjt and ibc technologies.Topcon battery capacity is expected to reach 91.6gw by the end of 2022 and 272.1gw by the end of 2023.
More than 180gw is expected to be produced throughout the year.
To achieve an average annual compound growth rate of 59 per cent, amounting to 58.5 billion yuan; and an average annual increase of 30 per cent in the silicon silicon block harvest, amounting to 17 billion yuan.The price base for silicon and component products has increased, resulting in a continuous decline in net profit from sales in 2019-2021.
17.1%. Following the policy shock of the sudden withdrawal of the domestic photovoltaic subsidy in 2018, the rate fell to 16.1% in that year, and the downstream customers of the silicon business returned to be mainly domestic battery manufacturers in 2019-2021, while the component business was oriented towards the global photovoltaic installation market.
With the expansion of component operations, the share of corporate income abroad has continued to rise, from 25.6 per cent in 2017 to slightly higher than overseas from 2017 to 2020 in terms of Māori, mainly because of the different product categories. Domestic revenue consists mainly of silicons with a higher Māori rate, and as the sales of the company components have continued to grow.
Components dominate domestic and overseas revenues. Figure 20: Māori rates in companies ' markets in different regions, 2017-2021.
The largest installed country is the United States, where more than 75% of light-voltage machines are centralized power plants. Revenue from European markets stabilized in 2020, rising in 2021.
Photovoltaic silicone business: Silica business: stable in size, leading in profits, fast growth in silicon production, leading in industry. In recent years, benefiting from the effects of global carbon neutrality and sustained policy push, global silicone production grew rapidly, from 116gw to 415gw in 2017-2021, year of gagr
Thirty-seven per cent; Lungi green energy grew from 15gw to 105gw in the same period, with 63 per cent annual Gagr, and silicon production grew at a significantly higher rate than the global rate. The global share of corporate silicon production rose from 12.9 per cent to 34.4 per cent between 2017 and 2020, with a rapid increase in production from other integrated enterprises and new entrants to silicon in 2021.
Figure 21: Global silicone capacity by the end of 2017-2021 (gw) Figure 22: Corporate silicon capacity by 2017-2021 (gw) and global share
The production of silicon was increased from 105gw to 233gw, with cagr at 22 per cent. For the same period, Lungi green energy produced from 12.8gw 58.9 and 70.0gw and was in the vanguard of the industry, while the current capacity utilization decreased by 103.1 per cent, 95.0 per cent and the annual capacity utilization rate, respectively.
Self-service silicone scale increases, and silicon silicon sales lead the way. In 2019-2021, sales of silicon were 27.3/31.8/33.9gw, self-use was 10.7/26.3/36.1gw, and silicon self-utilization was higher than the tcl median and upper power control of comparable companies.
In terms of the price of silicon products and single-war Māori, Lungi Green was able to maintain a leading position in comparable companies in 2019-2021, and silicon prices in 2021 were about $ 0.69/w, and single-war Māori $0.19/w.
The crystal silicon rods are sold directly, thus lowering the overall selling price, with a slight impact on the current period of single-war Māori. According to data from other years of no-product structure disturbance, Ryuki maintains a clear lead on silicon silicon mono-māori.
Figure 29: Prices of silicon tablets in selected enterprises ($/w) Figure 30: Silicon single-war Māori ($/w) in selected enterprises
In November 2014, Lungi acquired 85% of Zhejiang Leaf luminous shares and officially entered the photovoltage battery and assembly business. In 2015, Lungi completed the construction and rapidly expanded the production capacity of the Zhe Leaf and Leaf Coupled Production Bases.
Over 40%. From 2017 to 2021, the output of the company ' s components grew from 4.4gw to 38.52gw in 2021, third but closer to the first two, while the production of Lungi green energy grew from 4.5gw to 38.9gw in the same period, with the cagr at 71%, compared to 2020.
Figure 31: Global Component Production 2017-2021 (gw) Figure 32: Lungi Component Production (gw) and Market Shares 2017-2021
At the same time that the corporate component business is growing at a rapid rate, the overseas market layout has been very effective, although Lungi has the lowest share of overseas income among the four head integrated component dealers in terms of direct receipt structure data, but one of the important reasons is that Lungi has the lowest share of total revenue.
In addition, silicon tablets, power generation, and power station epc operations are mostly conducted in the country. If the other operations are excluded from the denominator, the overseas income as a share of the component income is estimated. In 2021, the ratio of offshore earnings to the component income was 64.9%/Tianca/Chrysic 67.9%/63.7%/84.3%, respectively.
Since 2017, Lungi has updated the world record of battery conversion efficiency on several occasions. For the time being, Lungi maintains a world record of single crystal double-sided perc battery conversion efficiency of 24.06%, single crystal double-sided non-topcon battery conversion efficiency of 25.21%, single-crystal p-topcon battery conversion efficiency of 25.19%, and Hjt battery conversion efficiency of 26.81%.
In November 2022, the company’s autonomous production of silicon helium cell conversion efficiency reached 26.81%, breaking a new record in silita, solar cell efficiency, and, for the first time, China’s enterprises created a record of maximum solar cell conversion efficiency.
hpbc structural batteries (hybridpassivatedbackconfactact). hpbc batteries are back contact batteries, faceless, with certain advantages in appearance and conversion efficiency, suitable for distributed power stations, and are expected to compete for differentiated products in high-end distributed markets.
And the 4gw battery production base in Taizhou, Jiangsu province, has been put into production, with over 25 per cent power from mass cell conversion, and is expected to be fully operational by June 2023.In November 2022, the company officially launched the h-mo6 component based on the Hpbc battery technology, mainly oriented towards splits.
The PV market, designed to accommodate the needs of different customers and scenes with different product lines and colour options, promotes the expansion of the PV component from industrial to consumer product properties.
Figure 36: Ibc Battery Series: Forkfinger back contact (ibc) batteries are the most theoretically converted of all new battery technologies. Compared to conventional photovoltaic cells, their main feature is that both metal electrodes are located on the back of the battery.
Face, there is no electropolar masking problem on the front, which greatly reduces optical losses. Compared to other battery technology routes, the largest feature of the ibc battery is a positive unrecorded line, which increases the light area of the component and avoids the loss of the regular fence by about 5%, while making the component more concise in its appearance.
The ibc battery preparation process is divided mainly into surface wool production, surface passivation, and back electrodes preparation processes, which, compared to the traditional perc battery process route, are mainly in the form of fork finger back electrodes, while back electrodes can be obtained using such techniques as silk net printing, photocalculation, inkjet printing, etc.
In addition to its own unique advantages in terms of conversion efficiency and application scenarios, ibc, as a platform-based technology, can be combined with Topcon, hjt technology to form tbc, hbc battery technology, with a more efficient conversion step, which is expected to become the dominant crystalline cell technology in the future.
Green hydrogen production: There are considerable prospects for a green hydrogen solution for a green, low-carbon global transformation, whether using hydrogen as an alternative to fossil fuels in end-use applications or converting fossil fuel into renewable, energy-based hydrogen. Moreover, because renewable energy sources such as wind power, photovoltaics, etc., are not effective.
The characteristic of stability, through a complementary combination of “electric-hydro-electric” transformations, can create a new type of storage, transport, generation, storage, and full-time zero carbon emissions. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the global demand for hydrogen energy in 2021 amounted to 94 million tons, an increase of 5%.
Among them, China is the largest consumer of global hydrogen, with demand reaching 40 million tons in 2021, followed by the United States, the Middle East, Europe, and India. Annual hydrogen production rose from 18.5 million tons to 33.42 million tons in 2016-2021, an increase of 80.65 per cent.
Similar to the global hydrogen supply structure, our fossil energy system accounts for about 80% of the hydrogen. Lungi has been carrying out strategic research on the hydrogen energy chain since 2018, generating technological accumulations in areas such as electrolytic hydrogen equipment and photovoltaic hydrogen.
In March 2021, West Anlongki Hydrogen Technology Ltd. was set up to become the world’s leading green hydrogen equipment technology company. In October 2021, Lungi hydrogen power went offline with its first alkaline hydropower cell. By the end of 2022 it will have reached 1.5gw, and by the end of 2025 it is expected to reach 5gw.
Lungi has always been the lowest among the leading componentrs in terms of cost management, financial cost and R&D cost. Among these, several comparable companies had negative financial cost rates in the first three quarters of 2022, mainly as a result of the appreciation of the United States dollar, resulting in significant exchange rate gains for the companies concerned.
Figure 50: Financial cost rates for partial integrated componentrs in recent three-year periods (%): R & D cost rates for partial integrated componentrs in recent three-year periods (%)
Operating cash flows from companies have provided good support for investment spending and reduced the firm’s pressure on debt during the expansion period. The cash and cash equivalents of companies have continued to rise over the last three years, with companies receiving cash in hand at the end of September 2022, with the highest turnover of corporate receivables since 2019, compared to medium turnover of accounts payable.
The debt rate is lower than that of all comparable companies.
By the end of 2022-2024, we projected a silicon production capacity of 150/180/205gw, taking into account market demand, the release rhythm of the company's new production and the speed of the climb, and we expected that the company's silicon output (including self-use) would rise in prices, leading to a decline in the Māori rate of silicon in 2022. The subsequent decline in the price of silicon and silicon would bring Māori.
The recovery effect of the rate has resulted in a small recovery of the Māori rate in 2023 and 2024, respectively. 46/78/105gw, an increase of 19/71 per cent/35 per cent over the same period. Māori rates are similar to silicone operations, with a decline in the Māori rate to 14.1 per cent in 2022, as a result of changes in the price of silicon materials, and are repaired year after year.
On the basis of the above-mentioned major operating income and Māori projections, we project the following assumptions, such as the cost of the company period, the tax rate, the share ratio, etc.:
On the basis of these main assumptions, the fcff valuation method is used to obtain a sensitivity analysis of the firm's reasonable value range as absolute valuation, which is more sensitive to the wacc and constant growth rates, for which the following table shows the absolute valuation of the company.
The company’s main business is photovoltaic components and photovoltaic silicon tablets, where we select integrated components for commercial cosmopolitan energy, crystals for technology, crystals for energy, and silicon headlines for tcl as comparable companies, for example.
As shown in the table below, compared to the company 2023 pe 210, we give Lungi Green 2023 dynamic p as the backbone of the integrated component, the advantages of size and profitability are expected to continue, the company's reserves of research and development in new battery technologies are abundant, and the company's competitive edge in battery technology is expected to intensify in the future.
The valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv growth rate and the selection of parameters for comparable company valuations, all of which included many individual judgements:
(b) 2 We assume that weighting capital costs (wacc) have a greater impact on corporate valuations, assuming no risk when calculating Wacc, with interest rates of 3.0 per cent and stock risk premium of 7.2 per cent, and may still be underestimated or devalued for these parameters.
The risk of overvalued companies due to low Wacc calculations: 3. We assume a 2 per cent growth rate in company tv over the next 10 years, and a more robust market demand in the photovoltaic industry in which the company is located, but it is likely that there will be significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, such as the dissipation and homogenization of technology dividends.
Increased competition has led to low or negative real growth in the company’s continued growth, resulting in an overvaluation of the company’s valuation,4 and the selection of the average dynamic pe of the comparable company in 2023 as a reference for the relative valuation, giving the company 20-22 times the 2023 pe. The risk of the relative valuation method is not fully taken into account.
Risk of overvaluation of the market as a whole and variations in the product structure and market structure of companies, leading to comparability 1, raw material supply and price volatility, down-swing in the Māori rate,2 and not as fast as expected in the expansion of the company ' s productive capacity
3. The risk that the market for new component products will not be as popular as expected The greater proportion of corporate products will be used for export, the greater impact of tariff and trade policies in some countries on the sale and profitability of corporate products may be associated with the risk that the worsening international trade situation will result in less than expected sales by firms.
The failure of companies to utilize their productive capacity to the expected risks, components, and silicon market occupancy to the expected risks 1. Integration of some PV companies into downstream components may result in increased competition for components, and more new entrants to the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon. There is a risk of increased competition and a decline in market concentration.
Repeated outbreaks of the new crown can have a negative impact on market demand and on the production and transport of corporate products. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.