The lithium industry (00246.sz) -- semi-annual reviews, two-quarter performance rings improved, lithium resource layout went into the harvest period, and the company ' s net profit loss in the first half of the year was mainly due to a marked decline in the price of lithium salt, its Chinese battery class.
Tons, the average annual cost of the national battery-grade lithium hydroxide is about $937,000 per ton, and the average price of q1/q2 is around RMB, respectively.Upstream lithium resources: company lithium resources continue to make a breakthrough: 1 mtmarion 900,000 tons/year lithium quartz
Mineral concentrates are currently in the process of being released gradually; the 2cauchari project for the production of 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate was completed in the first half of 2023, and the output has now climbed to about 70 per cent of the capacity of the design, with plans to complete production of 2-25 million tons of lithium carbonate products by 2024; and 3mariana is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2024
Pilot production; 4 companies with up to 60 per cent equity in Malilithium, under the name of Goulamina Lithium Fae Project, which is planning the construction of 506,000 tons of lithium quartz mineral energy per year and is expected to produce the first lithium lithite products in the course of this year; 5 ppg in the lead-up to the project; 6 pine stands
Construction and commissioning of the 10,000 tonnes/year campaign. Lithium salt deep processing: To date, the company has produced a production capacity of about 150,000 tonnes or more of lithium salt in the country, combined with the capacity of 40,000 tonnes of lithium salt lake in cauchari, Argentina, to produce total capacity.
The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) Annual Review: The chain layout of the lithium industry continues to break, the downstream lithium battery business: the company is now in Shinyu, Dongjong, Ningbo, Su, Huixiang, Chongqing, etc.
The three-quarter review of the lithium industry (002460.sz): three-quarter profits on lithium salt products, and the establishment of a lithium cell research and development base. We expect that the company’s lithium battery business will produce an annual production by the end of this year.
The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) achieved high-profit growth in 2022, the whole industry chain, the Lithium Industry (002460.sz) - three-quarter lithium salt products increased in prices and integrated cloths.
Investment proposal: maintain a “better than the big city” rating, corresponding to 205/29/19x. Given that the company is the world's best-quality lithium company, it is currently constructing a closed-ring lithium ecosystem with a large number of high-quality lithium resource layouts around the world, and growth is worthwhile.
The net profit loss of the company in the first half of the year was mainly due to a marked decline in the price of lithium salt, in which the price of lithium salt fell on a year-on-year basis.
Ten thousand yuan/tons, the average annual price of the national battery-grade lithium hydroxide is about $937,000/ton, and the average price of q1/q2 is about $895/975,000/ton, respectively. In addition, the difference between the parent ' s profit and the withholding of non-profit profits in the first half of the year is significant, mainly as a result of a fair value change resulting from the decline in the share price of the company ' s pilbara.
Figure 2: Company net profit return and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) Marion Mines and a mile of salt lake in the five mines.
A continuous breakthrough in the integrated layout of the closed lithium ecosystem Upstream lithium resources: the company continues to make a breakthrough at the lithium end: 1 Australian mtmarion lithium quartz project, 900,000 tons/year lithium quartz mineral expansion, is almost complete and is now capable of progressive release
In the process,2 the first phase of the lithium carbonate production project in the Argentine cauchari lithium salt lake was completed in the first half of 2023 and the production of products in 2023, amounting to approximately 6,000 tons of lce, was completed, the capacity of the project began filling the salt fields with halogenated water at the end of the year, with the construction of salt fields, salt wells, chemical plants, photovolts and other infrastructure facilities currently under way.
All are well under way and are scheduled to test production by the end of 2024; 4 companies have increased their shares from Malilithium to 60 per cent, while the first phase of the Goulamina Lithio Project, which plans to produce 506,000 tons of lithium quartz mineral energy per year, is under construction, the floating production line is currently being finalized and the broken production line has been completed
In addition, the start of the preparation of shredded ores is expected to produce the first lithium quartz products in the course of the year;5 the construction of the Argentine lithium salt lake project is still in the process of preparation; the 6-Janxi pine stubble project is under construction, and the procedures for the transfer of the project have been completed and the mining licence has been obtained;7 and the Mongol Monkin mining industry is in the process of being established.
The Gabus lithium tantalum mining project has now completed construction and started commissioning of a 600,000-ton/year selection project. The project is expected to continue to produce lithium cloud concentrates in 2024. Lithium salt deep processing business: the company intends to continuously expand the capacity of lithium salt deep processing to meet the growing demand for lithium...
To date, the company has built up the domestic production capacity of lithium salt products of about 150,000 tonnes or more, combined with the capacity of 40,000 tonnes of lithium salt lake in Cauchari, Argentina, which has reached nearly 200,000 tonnes. Given the volatile market demand in the lithium industry, the company will continue to operate robustly and manage risks.
In the first place, with sufficient risk control and customer demand, the lithium panel capacity is expanded to allow for effective inventory management. In addition, the company has recently announced that it has signed a cooperation agreement with pilbara, and that each party plans to fund 50% of the feasibility study for the lithium plant project.
It is planned to create a total annual supply capacity of 300,000 tonnes of lce lithium salt by 2025 and a total annual production capacity of at least 600,000 tonnes of lce lithium salt by 2030.
Lithium cell research and development and production base. In 2023, Chongqing solid cell production base was capped, solid battery pack delivered: delivery of over 100 large storage energy projects, total applications of over 11,000 mwh, large storage energy operations, and participation in several of the first large photovoltaic storage energy projects in the country.
Over 500 mwh storage energy projects and a number of large storage energy projects have successfully opened up overseas storage facilities and delivered more than 20 container storage facilities; Huezhou, with more than 97% of the remaining two consumer battery production bases, has a high level of automated coverage, yielding 1.85 million daily. We expect the company's lithium battery operations to be in place by the end of this year.
The company is also actively involved in the development of technology in the field of solid-state batteries at the global frontier, and has achieved a range of technological results, with the energy density of the high-level energy cells developed by the company reaching 420wh/kg, with life cycles exceeding 700 times, and a sample of the energy density of 500wh/kg, which can be used in 200°C hot tanks.
Table 2: Lithium battery projects being planned and under construction by the company's controlling subsidiary, Lithium battery recovery operations: the company has now completed several dismantlings in Jiangxi Sunyu, that state, Sichuanda, etc.
The recycling base has a capacity of 200,000 tons for the integrated recovery of decommissioned lithium ion batteries and metal waste, with a combined recovery rate of more than 90 per cent for lithium and more than 95 per cent for nickel and cobalt metals, making it one of the top companies in the battery recovery industry in China with the largest recovery capacity for lithium phosphate batteries and waste, and the first three battery recovery industries in the battery integrated treatment capacity industry.
Through the expansion of the capacity of lithium battery recovery operations and the continued expansion of expertise in recycling and reuse of decommissioned batteries downstream, a project to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year and 80,000 tons of iron phosphate per year is currently under construction, which is expected to be completed and gradually operational in the second half of 2024.
The recovery of lithium production as a proportion of the company’s total lithium production capacity will reach 30%. Given the recent further adjustment of lithium prices, the company’s profit projections have been revised below. Our profitability projections are based on the average national production of lithium carbonate in 2024-2026 at 9.2, 8.5, and 90 million yuan (including taxes);
In 2024-2026, the average price of lithium hydroxide for the national battery level was 8.7, 8.5, 90 million yuan (including taxes); The investment proposal was to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Due to the high volatility of lithium prices, we further revised lithium prices. The company has now constructed a closed lithium ecosystem with a large number of high-quality lithium resource layouts and growth worldwide.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now, or in the future.