\triangleright Basic profit/loss balance at the operating level, with major performance drags a fair value change loss. \triangleright
(c) Government subsidies: 24h1 other gains of $270 million.
The impairment loss of 80 million was mainly due to the decline in lithium prices, which resulted in an impairment of inventory, of which q2 million was -20 million; and the balance of basic gains and losses at the operating level of 24h1, net of fair value change losses, government subsidies, and impairments. q2 Māori ratio increased significantly, and profit levels are expected to continue to improve in the second half of the year.
\triangleright +9.8pct, q2 profit levels have improved markedly. Looking ahead, with the release of the low-cost salt lake project, we expect the profit levels to continue to improve in the second half of the year.
The core point is that, with the resources available, high-quality projects create a cost advantage. 1) Mine bombs \triangleright is significant: the resource end layout project is on the harvest season and smelting taps move towards integration. Argentina c-o
(b) Mali Goulamina project: 506,000 tons of lithium concentrate energy planned and the floating production line under construction
(a) Completion of the process, completion and start-up of the shredding line, which is planned to become operational in 2024, with a second phase planned to expand to 1 million tons of lithium concentrate mineral energy; Mariana Salt Lake, Argentina: planning for 20,000 tons of lithium chloride capacity, to be produced by the end of 2024, as originally planned; and the company ' s forward plan to produce 300,000 tons of lithium product capacity by 2030 or earlier;
2. Cost advantages: The company ' s project in Argentina is to draw lithium from salt lakes, with a strong cost advantage. In Mali, Africa, the project is to produce lithium from ore, and we expect to have the same cost advantages, with a sharp drop in lithium prices, and low-cost, high-quality resources to guarantee future profitability.
Investment proposal: We \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.