Stone Technology (688169.ss): Consumption and Leisure Enterprise Day: First to issue a machine-armed sweeper robot, focusing on changes in European channels. On the 8th of January, we had an on-site exchange with Stone Technology Management. Point 1:)
There was a very strong sales momentum in the fourth quarter, especially in the domestic/United States market, where the main shopping seasons grew by 100 per cent + 60 per cent +; (2) management indicated that competition in the domestic market was less marginal than in the overseas market, particularly in Europe
Increased competition has prompted companies to change their channels to more direct control of products/channels/pricing; 3) management has indicated that the company has increased its direct sales, mainly on the European line, and expects to balance the contribution of direct sales and distributors in the medium to long term; 4) management has indicated that it will continue to work towards broadening the price belt and channels and increasing brand investment
+86(21) 2401-8738 the same day, rock technology released new items g30 and g30space (the overseas model saros10 and saros z70, respectively). The most important upgrade to g30space is that this sweeper robot has become a foldable mechanical arm and is not adding any more.
In the case of machine thickness (7.98 cm), light barriers (e.g. slippers) can be removed and the movement barriers supported. The g30 series also upgrades other functions such as suction, hot water clean-up, and shelter compared to the previous flagship product g20sultra.
Management states that g30space will start sales in the first half of 2025 after a series of outreach activities. goldmansachs stone technology (688169.ss)
▪ Fourth quarter of 2024: In the domestic market, management indicated that during the two-thirteen-year period, gmv grew by 140-150% and the Kyoto platform grew faster (as compared to Skycats). At the same time, the company’s on-line and vibrating input also generated positive sales growth. In the United States market, the growth of gmv grew by more than 60% during the black-five period.
In Europe’s markets, management has pointed out that companies’ market share in Germany and Northern Europe continues to lead. In the Asia-Pacific region, management has highlighted the positive momentum of corporate sales in markets in Korea, Singapore, Australia, Turkey, and the Middle East.
By contrast, management believes that competition outside the sea, particularly in Europe, has become more intense, which has contributed to the changes in current channels. Management plans to further broaden the price belt and adjust the product mix to better respond to competition from other European producers.
However, with competitive products, the market share of stone technology has been expanding steadily in recent years. Europe’s channels have changed: consistent with previous statements, management has pointed out that Europe’s channels have been transformed to better control them.
Products/channels/pricing strategies, especially at a time of increased competition. Management states that the company ' s main online channels have increased their sales, while new distributors have been introduced and smooth goldmansachs have been achieved by sharing more profits with distributors.
The management expects that the contribution of direct sales and distributors in the medium and long term will be balanced. New product: new skug30 will be pre-saled after the launch, while g30space will be available for a range of outreach activities.
When it comes to potential market competition for similar products from competing firms, the regulatory level suggests that there may be similar products in the market, but that the key innovation is how best to achieve its functions.
It was argued that companies already had the basis for a sustained expansion of global market share, thanks to: 1) further progress in the expansion of channels in the United States and Europe; 2) expansion of sku beyond core product-scavenging robotics, such as dryers and land washing machines; 3) the potential for accelerated loss of market share by competitors irobot, with growth opportunities since the end of 2023.
Technology has begun to increase direct sales to consumers and retailers in the European market (previously mainly through distributors selling products), thereby better controlling the product/pricing/channel strategy and further expanding its market share in the future. While we anticipate that this strategy will benefit companies in the medium to long term, there are risks in the short term because of the accelerated increase in the sale of low profit margins.
Long may be offset by a decline in high-profit sales income for distributors. By weighing up/down risks in different scenarios, we believe that rock science and technology has a fairly balanced risk return under the current valuation, and therefore rating the unit as having a faster, lower-profit straight-off does not offset a decline in high-profit sales income for distributors; 4) macroeconomic fatigue
Weaknesses lead to a decline in disposable income and consumer confidence; (5) potential increases in United States tariffs may reduce the up-front risk of US operations: 1) potential measures to replace new plans with old ones or to increase residents' incomes may boost demand better than expected; 2) successful roll-out of new products in the field sweep robot/new products category, resulting in faster-than-expected revenue growth; 3) outright sales are growing faster than expected.
More than the adverse effects of weak sales to distributors and the promotion of overall economies of scale/probability improvements; 4) the main competition against declining market shares due to financial difficulties/products and marketing failures.
Stone technology (688169.ss) once: companydata, goldmansachsresearchchistimatates, factset.priceasof07jan2025close. goldmansachs
We, Ijian and Tang Qing, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, no part of our salaries has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The Goldman Sachs elements outline evaluates the investment background of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with the market (i.e. our coverage) and comparable counterparts. The four main indicators are growth, financial return, valuation multipliers (values) and combinations (growth, financial return, valuation multiples). Growth, financial return and valuation multipliers are calculated using normal rankings for each specific stock indicator.
The growth indicator is based on the expected increase in the sale of a stock, ebitda and per share increase in profitability (financial units use only per share and sales increase), with higher percentages indicating faster growth. Financial returns are based on the expected net asset return of a stock, rose and croci (financial units use only net assets returns), with higher percentages indicating higher financial returns of a company. Valuation multipliers are based on the expected market surplus of a stock, net market rates, stock prices/equity, v/ebitda, v/fcf, v/dacf (ev/debt-adjusted cash flow) (financial shares use only market surpluses, net market rates and equity/equity rates).
A higher percentage indicates that the value of the company is many times higher. The combined status percentage is the average of the growth percentage, the financial return percentage, and (100%-valued hundreds).
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly specialized database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for stock ratings compared to companies in different industries and markets as compared to other companies within the scope of their studies: ankerinnovationstechnology, approscription ltd., arrrowhomegroup, bearelectricapplicabilityco., beijingroborocktechnology, chingduxgemitechnologyco., ecovacsroboticsco., gongniu.
Group, greeeclecticapplicabilitysinc., guangdongxinbaeclectical, guangzhoshangpinholmecollection, haiersmarthomeco. (a), haiersmart homeco. (h), hangzhourobamapplicances, hisensehomeapplicancesgroup (a), hisensehomeapplicancesgroup (h), jasonfurnitutyhangzhou co., Joyoungco., manwaholdings, mideagroup (a), mideagroup (h), oppeinhomegroup, oppläleightingco., suofeiyahmecollectionco.co.,
zhejiangmeidaindustrialcoltd.,zhiangsuporco. Statutory corporate disclosures