In the first few years of investment, long-term home-based intelligence has been upgraded, sweeping robotics has taken a leading global position and has entered the home intelligently, and the main stone technology business is the design, development, production and sale of smart hardware, such as smart clean robots.
For sale, the main products include smart floor sweep robots, landwashers, dryers, and other smart appliances. The company led the world in the city of sweeper robots. According to idc, released in the third quarter of 2024 with a large number of new ground sweep robots, the market share in stone technology rose to 16.4% for two consecutive quarters.
At the US ces Consumer Electronic Exhibition in early January 2025, companies introduced to the market new items to be marketed, including g30space exploration editions and g30 exploration editions.
A five-axis folding biomechanics was launched in the industry, allowing intelligent families to enter the consumer, from two-dimensional surface clean-up to three-dimensional mastery of cross-areas, exploring more possibilities for the next generation of home robots. A new-generation flagship model, G30, uses a two-dimensional vision lds, and is better off through wide-area windows.
In the same time, it has been further enhanced in terms of entanglement, clean-up experiences, and the interaction of the ai.
In January 2025, the phantom released a national production model, Deepseek-r1, which significantly enhanced its reasoning capabilities with fewer tagging data. Deepseek-r1 showed that deployments at the end of a person could become more inclusive, which would accelerate the advent of the intelligent age of everything. February 21, 2025
The company’s products will provide more intelligent applications and make them more human.
Sexual interaction to provide users with a more intelligent product experience. Pre-arranged input into the moat, product and channel capacity is expected to increase, and according to company performance reports, benefits from the common development of domestic and overseas market operations, 2024.
Business income is expected to increase by 37.82 per cent over the same period in the previous year; in the fourth quarter of single-year, business income is higher than the same product and marketing strategy, companies have increased brand promotion inputs, increased brand exposure, and raised the issue of the Sino-China Securities Company Ltd.
High brand voice, building stronger brand power; on the other hand, the restructuring of overseas sales, resulting in an adjustment in revenue recognition, a pay-over period in the European region with higher net interest rates, with some impact on overall income and profit belts, the company ' s net profit attributable to its parent owner in 2024 fell over the same period the previous year.
The growth in corporate investment in R & D and sales can be seen in the shift to high-income growth in 2020 by building organizational capacity through pre-spills to ensure that firms can increase their investment and achieve rapid growth transformations at this stage, with the company ' s recent boost both at home and abroad.
We believe that the company’s capital investment has been successful at the end of the harvest, and that it is expected to achieve a two-fold increase in income and profitability in the future. According to PrecedenceResearch, the global market for clean robots cagr is about 22.91%.
Given the company’s improved R & D and marketing capabilities, it is optimistic to expect a future increase in corporate-market ownership, sales collection, continuous introduction, development of skilled personnel, expansion of product categories, and enrichment of product layouts. At the same time, the Department has developed and implemented a proactive branding strategy to enhance brand image building and brand promotion, and good corporate interests.
Overseas business development is less than expected; brand influence is less than expected; market demand is less than expected; new product expansion is less than expected; and industry competition is at risk.
Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor, and hard technology; two, smart cars, and robotics; and three, new energy trends. In the absence, and in the future, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.