Beijing Bank (601169): Profit growth instruments aligned with expectations, asset quality maintained steady event: 27 April: Beijing Bank published the 1st Quarterly Report 2020, resulting in a net return of 6.667 billion yuan to the mother.
Youy+5.3%; 17.843 billion yuan, yoy+5.1%, annual roe 13.8%. At the end of March, the General Corporation was a new stock-making company with foreign and Chinese capital. Since its inception, the Bank of Beijing has built on the Chinese economy.
The rise has led to strategic breakthroughs such as investment, marketing, and cross-regional. Currently, the net profit of 1q20 in Beijing, Tianjin, and the company has increased by 5.3% in the same year; and the increase of 10.1% in the same year is higher than in the whole year 2019.
The main contributions to the increase in profitability come from the scale (interests in Shanghai, Xian, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Changsha, Nanjing, Ji's assets increased by 8.7 per cent over the year) and interest differentials (rate differentials are reduced by only 1 bp), with non-interest income falling (infested by the epidemic).
More than a dozen centres, such as South, Nanchang, Shijia and Urumqi, contributed negatively to the delay in some of their non-interest income, with a 5.3 per cent drop in the non-interest income of 1q20 on a year-on-year basis.The cities and Hong Kong and the Netherlands have more than 550 branches.
End of asset: 1) A robust scale-up strategy is maintained: 19 years of loans, interest-bearing assets and year-on-year increases, 14.6% and 6.5% of the classic model for innovative development of small and medium-sized banks opened and explored; under the new crown epidemic, affected by declining demand for loans, restricted operations below the line, 1q20
In terms of lending structure, firms have increased their retail business transformation to 30.76 per cent by the end of 19 years; credit is placed in a retail, inclusive bias. It is expected that the pace of growth will gradually recover as the pace of resumption of two quarters picks up; the credit structure continues to be optimized throughout the year, promising robust and high-quality growth.
Net interest differentials: interest differentials are smaller. Since the reform of lpr, policies have guided entities to move below the cost of economic financing and commercial bank lending yields have been pressured; deposit unions have been competitive and indebtedness-end costs rigid; industry circulationb/h shares (millions)
The company has taken the initiative to increase its share of medium- and long-term assets, to expand its retail operations, or to reduce the impact of write-off and disposal during the first quarter of the epidemic. In accordance with the Silver Insurance Board policy, the company has modified some of the loan repayment schemes to give buffers to businesses that are more affected by the epidemic; by March,
At the same time, the company will increase its write-off and disposal efforts in the second quarter, and the rate of non-performing loans is expected to remain stable. 1q20 provision coverage (230.6%) Investment proposal: companies will continue to strengthen the location of the capital of services, promote the transformation of retail operations, and improve medium- and long-term capital
The ratio of production to assets and liabilities is further optimized; wind control continues to be prudent and asset quality is stable; and there is sufficient stock provision to be more resilient to risk. We expect the net profits of the company to increase at a “strongly recommended” rating in 2020 and 2021.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery Beijing Bank (601169): Profit growth is expected and asset quality is stable
Figure 3: Growth in bank deposits, loans, interest-bearing assets on a year-on-year basis
Figure 6: Beijing Bank retail deposits increased by 22.14 per cent to 23.17 per cent in 19 compared to the previous year
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Bank of Beijing (601169): Profit growth is expected and asset quality is stable.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.