Retail transformation continues to advance, with attention to asset quality performance. The “one wing” of retail banking in Beijing has been effective, and retail lending has increased rapidly and continuously.
Building asset quality, increasing the provision, and increasing risk resilience. Given the uncertainty about the impact of the current epidemic, we believe that attention needs to be paid to subsequent poor generation. Keeping up the rating increases.
The growth rate of the Beijing Bank in the first quarter of 2020 slowed to 5.09 per cent in the same year, compared to 8.7 percentage points down in 2019 (13.8 per cent), mainly owing to non-interest income performance. Companies continue to increase their cost controls.
The company maintained a large margin build-up since 2019, and the cost of credit increased by 6 bp to 1.94 per cent in the first quarter of 2020 compared to the previous quarter, resulting in a net profit increase for the company moving from lower asset-end rates of return to lower debt-end cost pressures.
In 2019, the Bank of Beijing recorded a sharp increase in interest rates from 7bp to 1.95 per cent in 2018, mainly as a result of improved cost pressures at the end of the debt, whose cost fell by 19bp in 2019 compared to 2018, more than the end-of-life rate (3bp).
At the bottom of row 4bp, even if the end-of-the-debt cost rate continues its trend of improvement and the ring ratio drops by 3bp, it is not possible to fully downgrade the end-of-assets rate of return (6bp,qoq). Looking ahead, we believe that there is downward pressure on corporate interest differentials as a result of the introduction of lpr reforms, the regulatory orientation of entity financing costs, and corporate interest differentials.
The Beijing Bank ended 20919 with a negative rate of 1 bp to 1.40 per cent below the end of the 3rd quarter, but in the 1st quarter of 2020 with an increase of 7 bp to 1.47 per cent from the end of 2019, and is expected to become more severe due to the epidemic and adverse findings.
Attention needs to be paid to the subsequent adverse generation. With the company maintaining a larger provision, the lower quality of assets in the economy in the first quarter of the year is higher than expected.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
The growth rate of the Beijing Bank in the first quarter of 2020 was reduced by 5.09 per cent, compared with 8.7 percentage points down in 2019 (13.8 per cent), mainly owing to non-interest income performance. Companies experienced a 17 per cent decline in fees and fees in the first quarter of the year, and are expected to collect related services such as agency, underwriting, insurance, etc.
Net interest income increased by 9.83 per cent over the year and 0.6 percentage points over 2019. Companies continued to increase their cost controls, with a 15.1 per cent rate of revenue for the first quarter and a 3.48 percentage point decline for the same year, contributing to performance, prompting companies to increase their profits by 10.1 per cent before the first quarter of the year. Companies have maintained a large margin raise since 2019, with credit costs rising by 6bp to 1.94 per cent in the first quarter of 2020, resulting in companies increasing their credit costs by 6bp to 1.94 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The first quarter of the expansion of the Beijing Bank has slowed down, and it is expected that the impact of the epidemic and the company ' s risk prudential considerations will result in a 5.72% and 1.87% increase in asset parity in the first quarter. Structurally, credit continues to stagnate, with a 2.26% increase in the credit ring in the first quarter.
The results were also reflected in deposits, where retail deposits increased by 22 per cent in 2019, faster than total deposits (10.3 per cent). In 2019, deposit performance, asset end-of-end rate of return, continued downward pressure on end-of-service cost ratios, both profit rates and credit ratios increased, but the negative impact of the decline in returns on non-credit assets was even greater.
At the end of the period, the difference ring was calculated at 4bp below the 4th quarter of 2019, and even if the end-of-the-debt cost rate continued to improve and the end-of-the-cycle rate dropped by 3bp, it was not possible to fall down completely against the end-of-assets rate of return (6bp,qoq). Looking ahead, we believe that firm interest differentials still have downward pressure, influenced by the progress of the lpr reforms and the downside of the financing costs of the regulatory-led entity.
The Beijing Bank ended 20919 with a negative rate of 1 bp to 1.40% below the end of the three seasons, but in the first quarter of 2020 with an increase of 7 bp to 1.47% over the end of the 2019s, we believe that there is still a need for attention to follow-up poor generation.
The “one-wing” transformation of banks in Beijing has been effective, and retail lending has increased rapidly and continuously. The growth in corporate revenue has slowed in the first quarter as a result of non-interest-bearing earnings. Companies have consolidated asset quality since 2019, increased their provision capacity, and risk resilience have become more visible in the context of market interest rates, maintaining their rating increases.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.