The increase in profits from the oil-for-trade operation The increase in the current price of crude oil during the period of mid- and long-sea energy depth report (600026) The increase in the volume of oil held by oil carriers and traders in foreign trade has led to higher rents.
Global spot crude oil prices have fallen sharply, and imports from net importers of crude oil, such as China and India, have continued to grow; and, in recent times, crude oil prices have increased significantly, traders have started to hoard oil arbitrage, ships such as Vlcc, which transports crude oil, have also been used to store crude oil arbitrage, and two factors together contribute to higher freight costs.
The company’s oil-for-trade operations account for the largest share of revenue, the most profitable and, in the near future, the most profitable. The company’s oil-for-business operations are the largest in the country, accounting for the largest share of the company’s revenue: historically, oil-for-trade operations are the most profitable, and the company’s profits are the most affected, with short-term company performance benefiting the most.
The oil-for-trade operation is expected to maintain a two-year high. Opec+ production reduction agreement, which will last two years, and the decline in demand for crude oil caused by the epidemic, which has been completed in vain.
Looking forward to a gradual return to normality over the next two years, the decline in supply and the increase in demand will lead to higher oil prices in the future than current prices, with foreign trade oil shipments expected to last two years at the peak.
Historically, the company's coastal (intra-trade) oil transport operations and its lang transport operations have generally been stable in terms of revenue levels, providing a “safe cushion” for the Group's business performance, and with the refining of integrated production, the transit of coastal crude oil will be supported by a certain amount of transport and transportation of coastal finished oil.
High Māori rates are expected to continue as a result of the extensive construction of the Helng receiving station, which is conducive to the long-term growth of the business, as well as long-term lease contracts between the company ' s lang ship and the project party.
It is expected that the cost of freight for the oil transport operation will remain high and will be doubled, with a “increase” rating given for the first time.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
17. China Sea International Center, 17. China Sea Energy Transport Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Central and Far Sea Energy”, hereinafter referred to as “the Corporation”) is China.
Specialized companies operating under the flag of Yuzhmorgeologiya Shipping Group Ltd. for the transport of energy and chemicals, including oil and liquefied natural gas, were restructured from the energy transport plates of the two former China Oceanic and China Sea Shipping Groups, which were established in Shanghai on 6 June 2016 and were completed with the company's main operations being “oil transport, coal”.
For dry bulk transport such as carbon, iron ore and liquid natural gas transport, read “oil transport and eng transport”, with oil transportation leading to more centralized and specialized corporate ownership.
The Division sells 100 per cent of China Sea Bulk Transport Ltd. and acquires 100 per cent of Dalian Ocean Shipping Ltd. from China Ocean Transport Group. After this reorganization is completed, the company's main business will be changed to oil transport and lang transport operations, and the name of the company will be changed from China Sea Development Co. Ltd.
In line with the overall deployment of the China-China Maritime Transport Group, the company successfully completed the restructuring of its ship management system, accompanied by model and headquarters institutional reforms, the unification of fleet operations and ship management, and the optimization of the pooling of resources.
The structure, the new system, the new team became operational on 1 February, and the undisclosed a-unit 730,659,024 units were completed, raising a total of $5.1 billion and successfully completing countercyclical, low-formulation financing for 16 tankers.
The physical control of the company is the State Assets Supervisory Board of the State Council and the indirect controlling shareholders are China Ocean Shipping Group Limited, which holds 38.12 per cent of the company ' s shares.The company ' s main business is the international transport of crude oil and finished oil off the coast of China, and international liquefied natural gas.
(lng) Transportation and international transport of chemicals. The company is the world ' s first-largest oil tanker shipowner by power scale. As of 31 December 2019, the Department owned and controlled 151 tankers and 2,171 million tons of heavy cargo. Of these, 142 were self-carrying.
In the area of coastal crude oil transport, the company has a market share of more than 55 per cent. After the company completed its acquisition of the oil-finished tanker fleet in March 2018, the lead was further strengthened.
Oil transport is the company’s main business block. Foreign and domestic oil transport accounts for a large part of the revenue and Māori ratio.
The company is the owner of a well-sized tanker, connected by internal and external trade, small vessels, black and white oil, and is able to exploit the advantages of the ship and route to supply customers with foreign trade.
Logistics services, such as import, internal trade transition, transit and export of finished oils, and downstream transport of chemicals.In 2019, companies seized the opportunity of warming the international oil transport market to generate $7.320 billion in revenue from oil transport for foreign trade, representing an increase of 10.82 per cent; Māori transport 615 million, representing an increase of $640 million; Māori ratio
Figure 5: Intra-trade oil transport operations revenue collection and Māori ratio 2.2lng Transport, Inc. is the lead in lang transport operations in China and is an important participant in the world lang transport market.
As of December 31, 2019, the company was involved in the investment of 38 lang ships, and China Liquefied Natural Gas Transport (Clng) Limited (Clng), which holds 50% of the shares, is the only two large eng carriers in China.
Thirty-five ng ships were in operation and three were under construction. In 2019, the company completed 1.32 billion yuan in transport revenue, an increase of 11.91 per cent compared to the previous year; and the transport operations of Māori lang, a transport company, steadily expanded, with a total of nine, 1552 thousand, participating in investments in 2019.
Ten thousand cubic metres of lng ships are in operation: 11,109 million yuan, an increase of 8.10 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate, an increase of 3.97 percentage points in the same year.
In 2019, oil operations accounted for the highest share of the company ' s operating income, with foreign and domestic oil operations accounting for 89 per cent, 53 per cent and 36 per cent, respectively, followed by ng transport operations, with 9 per cent.
The company has the highest Māori rate for its foreign trade lang transport operations, and the Māori rate for its foreign trade oil transport operations fluctuated considerably. Māori for its foreign trade lang operations in 2019 was 53.92 per cent, Māori for its domestic oil transport, 25.02 per cent, and Māori for its external oil transport, 8.4 per cent.
As a result, in 2019, the foreign trade oil operations contributed 27 per cent of the company ' s Māori, while intra-trade oil operations contributed 48 per cent of the company ' s Māori, and in ng the transport business amounted to 24 per cent.In 2019, 29 per cent of the company ' s cost items were spent on fuel, and in the first place, 25 per cent on depreciation.
Wages are 15 per cent, ship charter charges 11 per cent, and port charges 7 per cent. Billion dollars. Companies ' three fees are relatively stable as a percentage of operating income. Figure 15: Three fees as a percentage of total operating income
The company has excellent accounts receivable and inventory management capacity and, in recent years, has maintained a high turnover and storage rate of corporate accounts receivable, which has continued to grow.
Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2019 were $5.347 billion, net corporate profits in 2019 were $689 million, and there was a high level of security for cash gains from the company ' s current net profits.
Oil stocks are being saturated from stocks of finished oil to stocks of crude oil. As global demand for crude oil drops, there will be future saturation of stocks of finished oil or crude oil in some areas, leading to local rocks.
Under the structure of a forward rise in international crude oil prices, the difference in the forward price of crude oil exceeds the cost of storage of the oil in Volcc, and traders have the space to store the oil, and there will be more large tankers to store the crude oil.
Special futures and spot price differentials have increased to over $18 per barrel, exceeding the cost of storage based on our tce freight model, and can achieve arbitrage. Under the structure of the forward rise in international crude oil prices, the forward price difference in crude oil exceeds the cost of storage of vlcc, trade
With easy-to-trade oil arbitrage, there will be more large tankers to store crude oil, and vlcc can be easily moved to achieve global harvests compared to land-based storage tanks. In 2008, international oil prices increased to 10 per cent of the global capacity of the vlcc.
The Middle East price index to Ningbo The current level of spot freight and lease rents have risen, with Brent's crude oil futures and spot prices above $14/day under the assumption that oil prices would be $26/bpb, $100,000/day and oil storage for 270 days.
There is room for oil arbitrage at drums, and the current price difference in the recent period has exceeded $18/bp. 2. The impact of low sulphur fuel oil on transport costs has been reduced, as international oil prices have fallen and the prices of finished oil have fallen significantly, as has the cost of bunker oil.
The price differentials associated with high and low sulphur fuel oils are shrinking, and the impact of low sulphur fuel oils on company costs is diminishing. 3. New ship procurement costs are relatively low in 2015-2018, when the company purchased new ships earlier.
At a low point, the company seized the opportunity to purchase 18 ships, with a cumulative value of over $6 billion. A relative reduction in the cost of procurement would reduce the pressure on future depreciation and improve later profit space.
China's oil and gas transport is growing in scope, and we have only 30 per cent of our own oil tanker capacity, and our own crude oil production is increasing at a slower rate than our imports, even though there is still almost twice as much room for development if we are to target “country oil transport” in the future.
Figure 27: Rapid growth in crude oil imports has also maintained a relatively rapid increase in our imports, especially since the introduction of the gas-remediation policy in 2017, where the import rate has increased by more than 10 per cent and at one time reached 20 per cent. In recent years, the main bottleneck for our imports has been ng.
Receiving stations are not well equipped to meet the needs of the surrounding market, and their location is difficult to meet. We have a large number of ng reception stations built and planned in the future, which would be sufficient to meet market demands, while opening up space for ng ships to grow in the future.
We are still in the process of growing lang, but shipbuilding has generally been taking place for about four years, and our lang imports have increased at a very rapid rate over the past few years, which has led to a reduction in transport security. As lang transports are more of a transhipment, the future generation of additional overseas import capacity will benefit the company lang.
5. The sanctions on Dalian oil shipments were lifted in January of this year by the United States, which lifted the sanctions on the company’s subsidiary, the company’s subsidiary, the company’s maritime cargo. Iran’s crude oil exports have been significantly reduced as a result of the United States sanctions and will have an impact on the company’s operations in foreign trade oil shipments in the future.
On September 25, 2019, the U.S. Treasury Department imposed sanctions on six Chinese companies, including the company’s subsidiary, Dalian, in the shipping of oil by sea. On October 24, 2019, the U.S. Treasury Department issued a two-month interim exemption permit to “maintenance or terminate” transactions with Dalian, in the shipping of oil by sea.
On 31 January 2020, the U.S. Department of the Treasury's official website showed that the sanctions imposed on the shipping of oil by sea in Dalian were lifted, and that the freight costs of the oil transport operation were expected to remain high, as a result of the current price differentials in crude oil, and the company lang was expected to maintain a high level of freight.
The decline in domestic crude oil imports will affect companies’ prospects for future shipments. Freight costs for external crude oil have fallen sharply.
The foreign policy and legal risk changes will affect the company’s performance in its foreign trade oil transport and lang’s transportation. The law, which uses information of legal compliance, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.