The increase in industrial revenues is expected to accelerate the listing of two major varieties at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: 3-quarterly company announcements, yielding revenue of $21.45 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, or +13.4 per cent in comparison with +13.4 per cent in relation to the first quarter of 2017; high-intensity research and development inputs are expected to prompt the roll-out of heavy-pound varieties, such as Lilalupe and Mywalyani. The company achieved revenue and net profit increases of 13.4 per cent and 24.6 per cent, respectively, in the first three quarters of the year.
Performance meets expectations. In a single quarter: q3 income and net profit growth rates of 10.2% and 20.3%, respectively, the main reason for the slight decline in net profit rates compared to the first half of the year was a doubling of corporate management costs, from 126 million in 2016 q3 to 262 million in 2017 q3, of which the main ones were Lilalupe and Mawart.
The first two or three rounds of clinically driven R & D have increased significantly. 1) Lilalupi is the best-selled glp1 drug, sold globally for nearly $3 billion in 2016, and the domestic market space is expected to exceed $4 billion. The product is now included in a new version of the health insurance catalogue and the company is expected to be listed in 2019; 2) McWalleney has developed a category for the company.
New drugs, a second replacement for non-small lung cancer egfr, with domestic sales peaking at over 1 billion grades. We believe that high-intensity research and development investment is expected to lead to fast marketing of heavy-pound varieties.
Industry: 1) Immunosuppressant lines show a bright overall growth rate of about 30%, with a sustained acceleration rate of about 20% in the middle cyclosultanene, about 40% in the caps, and about 30% for the McCophenols; 2) Iggléketone dimethyl and bipolar growth is nearly doubled and is expected to earn close to 100 million yuan a year; 3) priority varieties of 100% capsules
At about 16 per cent, the product is expected to reach a peak of 5 billion through outreach to the grass-roots level; (4) Acapo, where the increase in income from sugar is about 28-29 per cent, is largely stable, as a front line for the treatment of barley diabetes in the country, and after entering the new version of the base drug catalogue in 2012, the company has grown its sales staff over the last two years.
Mainly increasing the grass-roots layout, expanding the marketing and market coverage; (5) income growth of zolpidem; access to health care; exclusive species of blood plate-condensed inhibitor thorphine, like super antibiotics, with anti-cancer drugs and immuno-regime regulators in the western part of the country; 100% capsule classification from oncology-aided drugs to gas-breeding.
Remedial, unrestricted; Acapose, ethyl-litrel from health care; cytogens, takmos, and Xinglicone have all removed adaptive restrictions. This will have a positive impact on the subsequent marketing of company products.
Incentives for innovation, firms accelerate R & D inputs, well in line with industrial trends, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
2. Huadong Medicine (000963). Lila Luang, a licensed heavy-pound product, builds 5 billion diabetes product lines (2017-06-09)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.