[UNTAC Review] Chinese Medicines (000963]: Strong performance growth, with research and development pipelines gradually enriching the power of white horses + 13.4%; net profit on maternity, 1.49 billion yuan, + 24.6%; net profit on non-repatriation, 1.48 billion yuan.
The performance of the pharmaceutical industry research team during the first three quarters was robust and the white horse quality was excellent The growth in net profits from the company during the first three quarters was +13.4 per cent and +24.6 per cent, respectively, in line with expectations.
The recovery rate has declined, mainly due to the commercial aspect, the introduction of a double vote in Zhejiang province in September, which may have affected the redeployment of operations (with 20% of transfers) and the steady growth of the pharmaceutical industry. With regard to net profit returns, the core varieties have grown steadily, and the Akapo sugar beneficiary production has continued to grow at a high rate.
A steady growth of core products in four major areas of industry: 1) 100 million capsules: about 15 per cent in the medium, projected to sustain the growth rate in the three seasons, 1,200 tons of fermented winter herb pollen per year, starting production, addressing bottlenecks in 100 million capsules, laying the foundation for grass-roots and otc channels, which is expected to pick up again next year; 2)
In the case of low price of insurance, national production has continued to benefit; 3) immunization lines (cyclosultanene, whether to replace McCauer phenols, tacmos) maintain a 20% increase; 4) digestive line thorazine: relatively competitive, increasing R & D investment, increasing R & D pipelines
The management cost of the first three quarters was $262 million, an increase of 108 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the further strengthening of research and development, some of which were new products, as well as input from a consistency evaluation. The first half of the year, the research and development pipeline, has obtained two clinical clearances for two new drugs, a net two-carat combination and a Dabawansin and its frozen dry powder.
Pre-clinical research completed, and Maveardeni has completed the treatment of late non-small cell lung cancer.
China East Medicines: Industrial Business Together, Promulgated Production: Clinical approval for new liquid injections for diabetic priority products of nine-source genes, Power Products 100 Capsules, Acapo Sugar Marketing Innovation
A clinical drug substitution study has been launched, and the pharmaceutical industry has benefited partly from the adjustment of the health-care catalogue (100 orders of restriction adjustment, Acapo sugar respirator), which has remained robust: the region of pharmaceutical commerce has a strong edge and has been affected by a two-vote transfer operation.
For 20 years, you have been a sales team at the Chinese People’s University’s Institute of Securities and Securities.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.