High performance rates match expectations, R & D investment increases, and future product lines are expected to continue to grow.
Three-quarterly financial review of the Chinese medicine industry (000963). Three-quarterly report of 2017. In the first half of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $21,451 million, an increase of 13.38 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,489 million, an increase of 24.58 per cent. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was deducted from non-recurring gains and losses.
The source of financial growth in the East, the rapid growth of core varieties, has driven the growth of the industry, the commercial end has been influenced by a double vote system, and overall performance is in line with expectations.
In addition to this, the company sells over a billion species of cytogens (20 per cent or more), mccophenols (30 per cent or more), tacmos (40 per cent or more) and the digestive system-type proton-pump inhibitor thorium (+20 per cent), the industry continues to report a high rate of increase.
A continuation of import substitution (a strategic purchase agreement of 480 million raw materials with Lédard demonstrates the company’s confidence in the future growth of varieties. The company’s overall second-line varieties are expected to sustain a 20% growth.
During the same period of year, the financial cost was $77.39 million, with an increase of $3.5 billion in the overall financial situation still reflected.2 The first step towards internationalization was the gradual enrichment of the R & D inputs and the subsequent formation of the corporate R & D lines. Companies were expected to be the first to pass consistent evaluations in the country, with product quality and product growth.
Research and development are too strong, and with foreign certification such as fda or the EU, it is expected to gain more advantage in the future in domestic bidding for medicines. In terms of consistency assessment, the consistency assessment of Acapo sugar products is progressing well.
The company has completed a study on the supply of supplementary information from the New Medicines Institute of the East China Medicine Group, which has been covered by the supply code for raw materials and injections. The company has now sent a message to the National Drug Control Service regarding the supply of the new Chinese medicine, soft oral fluid (for liver cancer-assisted treatment), which has been acquired from abroad.
The company has also completed a clinical approval for the new drug from the prime diabetic product Lila Rue, a source of financial intelligence in the East. It has now initiated a clinical drug substitution study.
In the case of innovative drugs, the new drug, Maijuadaleni, which treats late stage non-small cell lung cancer, has conducted lb/lla clinical trials, and the new drug, Hd118, which treats type 2 diabetes, has completed pre-clinical studies and has been declared and accepted by the National Drug Control Service during the reporting period.
In terms of internationalization: The first step in the internationalization of the company has been taken, with the company’s head of the company’s platinum needles submitted and processed to the United States of America’s fda application, which is now being examined on site by the United States of America’s dada, and is awaiting final clearance. His clinical studies on the overseas of his caps have been successfully completed and are scheduled to be submitted to the United States in the second half of the year.
High growth in heart varieties benefits from the health insurance catalogue and from consistency evaluations, businesses benefit from a “third-class one” and, after the increase is completed, the internationalization is expected to extend. We look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
100% of the capsule bid is under pressure, and the amount of new bid is lower than expected.
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant gives an overview of investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine, etc.
Its in-depth research and insights provide an analysis of its own research views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies