Industrial plates continue to grow faster, and performance is largely in line with expectations, with R & D spending increasing profit rates on a year-on-year basis at $7.36 billion, an increase of 10.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a slight increase in corporate income in the third quarter.
The decline, which we assume is influenced by the Zhejiang Province “two votes” document, which was introduced in August. As the largest pharmaceutical commercial enterprise in Zhejiang province, the company’s pharmaceutical commercial business has slowed down its short-term and year-on-year growth rate; and the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 448 million yuan, an increase of 20.28 per cent.
The main reason for the decline in profits was that companies actively promoted drug research and development, increased their investment in research and development, and expanded their variety, resulting in a 108.5 per cent increase in management costs in the third quarter over the same period.
The restructuring of products has led to an increase in the overall Māori rate of the company; the cost for the period was 16.77 per cent, or 0.02 percentage points higher than the same period last year, with 13.43 per cent of the cost of sales, while the industrial sector benefited from the health insurance catalogue adjustment, while the company actively expanded its distribution channels to continue the comparison.
The company's pharmaceutical industry has been growing faster over the last six months, compared to the depth of 300.
We expect 100% of corporate capsules to grow at a rate of more than 15% this year. 2) Sugar Acapo benefits from health-care catalogue adjustments, sugar competitiveness, further increases, the share of import substitution increases, and the company expands its marketing channels.
Acapose is expected to grow by nearly 30 per cent a year; 3) In the case of immunosuppressants, the company owns three one-line varieties of epoxy, mccophenol, tacmos, etc., and is expected to increase by more than 25 per cent a year as a whole.
(a) The conditions conducive to the expansion of the market by companies, and the mid-2017 mid-point evaluation of the Chinese Medicines (000963), which included industrial double-ticketing, price reduction for medicines, and the risk of industrial policy, such as sales of priority products, which had fallen short of expectations;
Product R & D is not as fast as expected; product overseas certification is not as risky as expected
1) The company ' s priority products have benefited from long-term health-care catalogue adjustments, while the company has actively expanded its marketing channels, including by expanding its desks, the Otc market, and is expected to maintain faster sales faster in the coming years; 2) the company has multiple heavy-pound product reserves, and the Lilalu injection fluid is now operational
D. Clinical research, Ib/iia clinical trials have been carried out by Myhuateni, while at the same time actively expanding the overseas certification of priority products, and it is expected that the company will continue to give impetus to the pharmaceutical industry business in the future: 3) As a leading pharmaceutical business company in Zhejiang province, the company has commercial networks and depths covering Zhejiang province.
Infiltration of the grass-roots terminal market network, this year the merger and purchase of medicine for Choshan-san-Shon-taek, and the further enhancement of terminal coverage is expected to upgrade the city in the context of the "two-vote" system.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.