Chinese medicine (000963), pharmaceutical biology, which leads to the importation of glp1 receptor agonist, diabetic and heavy-pound products, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: The company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, China East China and the United States company vtv, had signed a new pharmaceutical technology licensing agreement to obtain the global first drug ttp273 developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in 16 countries, including China and Australia, with sales of up to $50 million in milestone payments and a 1-10 per cent share of future sales.
In January 2017, clinical studies were completed in the United States on the iiib phase, showing clear and good tolerance for reducing glucose hemoglobin. The greatest bright spot was the small molecule non-thin oral agent type, which is currently on the market, and the very similar product glp1 is injected.
ttp273 will meet the needs of different patients and cover more diabetic patients. With the exception of Acapose, the company is currently working on more than 20 medications for diabetes and its complications, mainly Hd118 (dpp-4 type of new drug), Caglia net, tragletin, Dite Insulin, Menton Insulin, Degu Insulin, Leadow List.
The global market for diabetes drugs was $71.4 billion a year, an increase of 19 per cent. According to Minnet, the global sales of the glp1 drug in 2016 were on a global scale since the United States fda approved the glp1 receptor agonist in 2016.
This time, ttp273 was introduced as an oral agent, which is expected to meet the needs of different patients and cover more diabetic patients. For Villilarupin, we believe that the domestic space of the species is in the range of 2-4 billion, with great potential.
Access to health insurance, single-source blood plate condensation inhibitor Xeroxin, as in the case of super-antibiotic datocin, as in the western part of the country, anti-cancer drugs and immunostatic regulators; 100% cap classification from oncological assistive to gas-blood double supplement, unrestricted; Acapo sugar, as in the case of cytogens, tacmos, zirconone.
This will have a positive effect on the company’s follow-up market.
The marketing network maintains a “buy-in” rating through self-researching and introduction of a growing volume of innovative products, firm growth certainty and the size of diabetes, self-immunisation, kidneys and super-antibiotic spaces (2017-10-24).
Chinese medicine (000963); performance growth in line with expectations. 3. Huadong medicine (0009663): concessioned heavy-pound product Lila Luang, building 5 billion diabetes product lines
5. Chinese medicine (2017-06-09) 5. Under the new opportunity of history, Juno will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.