On December 22, the company announcement revealed that the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, China East, had passed a licensing agreement.
Signing of the conference, obtained global first drug ttp273 developed by vtv for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in 16 countries and territories, including China, Korea and Australia.
Ttp273 product is a non-peptide, highly selective insulin samples-1 receptor (glp-1r) agonist for Vtv, which is a global initiative and has now completed phase iib in the United States.
The bed study showed that tttp273 had a clear effect on the glucose haemoglobin of diabetic patients and was very resistant. glp-1 and its analogues are currently on the market as injection types, with Lilalupi 2016.
Major shareholders (2017q3) achieved $2.98 billion in global sales revenue a year, accounting for 61.7% of the glp-1 market, and were in absolute leadership. China, China, and the East, in June 2017, obtained Lilaru in the form of an agreed transfer.
The first clinical approval in the country, which is currently under way, has been negotiated into a new version of the health insurance catalogue, Category B. The ttp273 product, which can be injected with the company's Lilalupe, is being introduced.
The advantages of liquid formation of different agent types complement each other, enriching the drug choices of diabetic patients and meeting the needs of more diabetic patients; on the other hand, the current glp-1 type of injectant has formed a multi-manufactured competitive pattern, while the tttp 273 product is an oral type and applies to unwillingness to receive injections.
In the last six months, equities have had a competitive advantage of easy access, lower cost compared to the injection type, compared to 300 in depth or unfit for injection, which has allowed companies to further expand the domestic market for diabetic drugs.
The company has developed an initial full coverage of the clinically dominant diabetic drug, and the company has now developed an Acarbo-based diabetic treatment package.
Medicines and the development of innovative drugs based on generic drugs, with more than 20 drug varieties for the treatment of diabetes mellitus and its complications, including mainly Hd118 (dpp-4 type of new drug), Caglican, tragletine, dither insulin, Mentun insulin, Tegsu insulin,
Leather monolithic resistance, among others, has initially created full coverage of the clinically dominant diabetic drugs. We believe that the public sector is deep-deep in the market for diabetic drugs, and that marketing through the company's diabetes field after research products are marketed is likely to lead to rapid release, leading to faster growth in corporate overall performance.
Three Quarterly Review of Medicines in China (000963), 2017: Performance is largely in line with expectations and Industrial Blocks continue to grow faster. Corporate core products remain growing faster.
The company continues to strengthen its expertise in kidney diseases, endocrines, immune preparations, digestive systems, etc.
(a) The Acapo Sugar has benefited from an adjustment of the health insurance catalogue, which was changed from Health Insurance to Health Insurance Class B on 01/09/2017, with further competitiveness and a gradual increase in the share of import substitution;
In addition, the company has expanded its marketing channels, and we expect that Acapose's annual income will increase by nearly 30 per cent; 2) 100% of the capsule will benefit from the company's first phase of the Jiangdong project, effectively mitigating production problems, and 100% of the capsule will be readjusted from the oncological assistive drug to gas supplementation in the 2017 edition of the National Health Insurance Directory.
The agent, the company's sales channels from the hospital to the grass-roots level, the market for the otc, we expect the company's 100 capsules to grow at a rate of more than 15% this year: 3) immunosuppressants, the company owns three one-line varieties of cyclosole, or McCorts, or Tecmos, etc.
The overall rate of growth is expected to exceed 25% throughout the year, and the removal of cyclosultan and tak mosc capsule adaptive restrictions in the new health-care catalogue will facilitate the expansion of companies’ markets. Industrial policy risks such as double-ticketing, lower prices for medicines, and less than expected sales of priority products;
Product R & D is not as fast as expected; product overseas certification is less than expected 1) company priority products benefit from long-term health insurance catalogue adjustments, while the company actively expands its distribution channels, including by expanding the section, the Otc market, and is expected to remain at faster sales in the coming years
Speed increases; 2) company has a large stock of heavy-pound products, Lilalupi injection fluids have now started a phase of clinical research, and Majuadaleni has conducted ib/iia clinical trials while actively expanding the overseas certification of priority products and is expected to provide a sustained boost to the company ' s pharmaceutical industry operations in the future: 3)
As a leading pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province, with a commercial network covering Zhejiang province and a deep penetration network of grass-roots end-markets, this year the M&A of the medicine in Choshan and Tsaishan Jintai has been completed, the terminal coverage capacity has been further enhanced and the city is expected to be upgraded in the context of the "two-vote system"
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.