China Air West (000768.sz) has outpaced the expected growth in performance, and corporate growth will accelerate with net profits of $483 million, an increase of 43.79 per cent over the same period; net profits of $447 million will be deducted from the net profit of the mother.
Hu Hao Yuan (Yoy+59.7%) completes the “bi-half” balanced delivery of the target and develops into fast lanes.
The net profit was $273 million, an increase of 505.6 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter, the company q2 received $11,611 million (yoy+38.7 per cent), the mother ' s net profit was $328 million (yoy+69.7 per cent), and the profits were higher in the single quarter and the profits were both innovative.
Improved profitability, with a flat cost for the period. The combined Māori ratio of 22h1 was 7.4 per cent and the current balance of $28.970 billion, with large corporate orders landing, core products or lead-on periods. Large advances to the accounts are expected to improve the financial position of the company: 21 years, 22h1 interest charges for the company.
$151 million and $161 million, respectively, affect the release of profits. After significant advance payments are made, the company reimburses part of the liquidity borrowing and the counterpart fund-raising cash flow falls by 210.6 per cent over the same period, and the cash flow continues to improve when the accounts receivable rises steadily.
In the amount of $38,822 million, an increase of 14.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, the loss of credit impairment was $400 million, a decrease of 43.3 per cent compared to the previous year, and the cash flow of the company ' s operations grew by 336.3 per cent compared to the previous year, as a result of the acceleration of corporate delivery and the increase in sales returns, with currency funds of $32.35 billion, an increase of 389.4 per cent compared with the beginning of the year.
A number of measures are expected to accelerate the pace of reform. Companies are actively pursuing a three-year programme of action for the transformation of state enterprises, making many progress in terms of governance structures, cost control, and industrial chain optimization.
In the final year of the three-year operation, in 2022, we expected that companies would continue to do so, and that a number of measures, such as equity incentives, were expected to accelerate.
There are sufficient hand orders, and large orders have been laid, adding a resonance of the scale effect, and keeping a “recommended” rating in view of the company's long-term development. Table 1 forecasts the main financial indicators.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. 8 years of work in securities, a Master of Business Administration from Qinghua University, who worked in China, joined Galaxy securities in 2015.
Four honors.