Non-financial first-covering report - a potential opportunity to re-evaluate from flex narratives to long-term narratives
Investment rating: Purchase (first time) as the coal industry moves from a “flexible narrative” to a “long-term narrative” in 2024, the company ran away from China in 2024. After the two-carbon strategy was proposed, the rise in coal prices triggered the coal plate behaviour as the energy supply and demand pattern tightened.
After 2022, the fall in coal prices led to no further expansion of the plate, ending with a “flexible narrative”. But after 2024, especially before September,
In the context of Liu Xiaoning's overall low market, the Xiaoxi Coal industry and the Chinese god China have once again shown remarkable excess gains, and this time China has seen a sharp rise in the Xiaoxi Coal industry, the core of which we analysed in 2024 was the “long-term narrative”.
For valuations, time dimension performance continuity is more important than short-term performance stability, but short-term performance stability is an important clue to the continuity of time dimension performance. According to the mid-2024 and annual reports, and the 2025 quarterly reports, coal has significantly divided the performance of different companies, and low-exploitation cost companies such as China’s Shinhua and Xianxi coal industries have significantly stabilized performance.
We judge that, after the market realized that low-cost coal companies had a longer period of time, a prolonged stretch raised the valuation of coal taps and passively lowered the rate of dividends. (The rise in coal taps in 2024 could not be explained entirely by the decline in discount rates, because China’s God-War also won Yangjia power, the Yangjia electricity had a longer period of absolute value, and the valuation of long-term assets changed the discount rate.)
Further, we believe that the core factors that determine the long-term investment value of coal companies are also determining the long-term value of equity assets, and that the cost of mining is in the position of the industry’s cost curve. When the industry is in the upper run, the cost of mining affects Roe more, but when the industry is in shock or even down (as the energy transition deepens, the lower middle- and long-term demand for coal is already a market consensus).
The cost of mining will affect not only the roe, but also the life of the asset. High-cost companies will be phased out, low-cost corporations will become the last survivors of the industry, and the length of time is a determining factor at the valuation level.
On May 19, 2025, China’s Shenhua was 14.7 times more than China’s in 2025, compared to 10.3 times the company’s 30% difference, and our analysis is related to such factors as the paramount advantage and the market’s leading perception of China’s long-term attributes. But compared to China’s God, the company has no significant disadvantage on the fundamentals, and they are essentially the best assets in the coal industry:
1) The company shares the same coal fields (the Kyoto-Tungyo fields) as the one at the left end of the industry ' s cost curve, and the company ' s ton coal mining costs are further removed from the other company ' s advantage after the heat value adjustment; and the company ' s coal mine as a whole is relatively new and is expected to maintain its low-cost advantage over a longer period of time. 2) The marketing area is wrong with the god, and the company has no direct competition with the god.
Thus, companies are a few low-cost supplies in their respective regions, with the same length of time. 29.87/18.59 As a result, we judge that in the early stages of the shift from a “flexible narrative” to a “long narrative” in the coal industry, China’s gods rely on market value and value.
In the future, the company is expected to narrow the valuation gap with the proliferation of narrative logic and the continued validation of its own performance stability, given the absolute leader position in asset volume, which is spearheaded by long-term attributes. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In the early stages of the shift from a “flexible narrative” to a “long-term narrative” in the coal industry, China’s god, with its absolute leader position in market values and asset size, has taken the lead in improving valuations through long-term attributes.
With the proliferation of narrative logic and the continued validation of its own performance stability, the difference in valuation between companies and the gods is expected to yield more than expected, the pace of the new energy transition has accelerated significantly, and the technology of storage has made a revolutionary breakthrough.
After buying 99.6% of the Bing Gang stock held by Xiaoxi Coal Group, 100% of the Shunnan Mining stock held by Xiaobei Coal Group and Xiangbei Mining Company in the year, by the end of 2024, the Xiangxi Coal industry had 162 million tonnes/year of authorized coal production, second only to the coal listing companies.
In the distribution of the mines, the company owns three major mining areas, Xiaobei, Binhuang, and Xiangbei, where more than 97% of the coal resources are located in such high-quality coal mining areas as Xiangbei and Pingye. The company’s northern mining area is predominantly Juraki Coal Field, and the Ping Yu Coal Region is predominantly Jurassie Coal Field.
The coal fields are the highest in the major coal companies. The coal fields of the company's northern mines are known as the "Sorbonne-Toyota" coal fields.
It's the largest coal field we've discovered, located in the north-western part of Shaanxi province and in the south of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. The company's Tsangbei mine is actually two parts of a “coal field” that shares the country's single largest coal fields. By contrast, however, the coal fields have higher heat on the western side, which puts the company's coal hot value at the top of the main coal company, the company's main production area, the north-western mining area.
The average heat value of coal is 5700 kcal/kg; the average heat value of China ' s sorbent coal is 4700-4900 kcal/kg; the average heat value of the north-north-north-north-north zone is generally around 4,000 kcal; and the average heat value of the rural oring orthopaedic ore is around 5,300 kcal. In addition to the heat, the amount of sulphur in corporate coal is at a relatively low level, with the main coal product split between 0.4 and 1.0%.
3) The cost of coal mining is second only to China’s large coal companies, and the difference with China’s high coal companies has narrowed after the heat value has been adjusted, and the company’s comparative advantage with other coal companies has been further widened. The company’s own coal sales in 2024 amounted to 160 million tons, at a corresponding cost of 40.440 million yuan, thus calculating the cost of coal at 252 yuan per ton, without taking into account the low output and heat, and the company’s coal tons.
The cost of mining is second only to that of China’s major coal companies. The large card/kg, adjusted for heat, is equivalent to $212 per ton.
At the same time, it should be stressed that the above comparison takes into account only the cost of mining, and that high-heat value coal also saves transport costs. (4) The distribution area competes with China’s gods, with Hoji Railway becoming, to some extent, a company’s “exclusive railway.” According to the company’s announcement, the company’s sales revolve around “six-line four” areas, i.e., the consolidation of the provincial in-house electricity and the provincial in-house chemical coal market along the Bauxi line;
The main advantages of the non-electric coal market are formed along the line of hope, the Way, and along the Hoji Railway, the central regional market dominance of the Yangtze economic belt: expansion of the southwest market along the line of hope and treasure, based on Chongqing, radiation and Kuwakawa.
Figure 14: The geographical distribution of China’s assets, compared to the distribution of the coal pipeline between the Chinese industry and China’s industry, which clearly prefers the coast, and the Chinese industry, which prefers the Midwest and China’s region, which are in a different position. In terms of its own railways, China’s ownership of China’s coal pipeline is from the pits.
The proportion of rail transport revenue is around 10% for the entire port-to-port railway (data for 2024), while the Xianxi coal industry has a large number of short-distance links, such as the Xianxi coal industry, where coal is mainly sold at pits, and thus only about 0.5% for rail transport. But, given the layout of the rail links around the border, companies also have a rich outlet network, especially in the Midwest and beyond.
China’s region has a significant advantage in the direction of China, which competes with China’s gods. The Hoji Railway, which runs from Mongolia, the main coal-producing area in China, to the north of the Hunan lake, has become, to a large extent, a company’s “exclusive railway,” and the Inner Mongolian Coal is less valuable than the Chinese Coal in China because of its long distances.
The company announced in December 2024 that it would acquire 8.3 million kilowatts of electricity and 10 million kilowatts of electricity (five 2*1 million kilowatt units). The total profit achieved during the month was 1.79 billion yuan (approximately $2 billion annually), estimated at 25 per cent income tax and 5,000 hours of use.
Taking into account that the acquisition of assets was preceded by a group, and that the higher profitability or, to a large extent, profits from the Xiangxi Coal industry, the acquisition could, on the one hand, increase the company’s influence in China and, on the other hand, reduce associated transactions from a profit-making point of view.
After the stock price movement since 2020 and the introduction of a two-carbon strategy, the rise of coal prices to the top of the coal industry, in a context where traditional fossil energy supply and demand are on the back of the country and abroad, has led to a massive rise in the coal industry. The core of our analysis of the June 2020 to September 2022 movement is a “flexible narrative,” in which the supply and demand are tightening the price of coal.
As a result, the Xiangxi coal industry, which combines the logic of rising coal prices and expanding production capacity, rose far more than the Chinese god. In 2022, the second half of the year was an important turning point in the trend in coal prices, and the “flexible narrative” ended when the coal plate did not expand further.
The core of our analysis of the Xianxi coal industry and China’s 2024 history is “long-term narrative.” That is, companies on the left side of the industry’s cost curve have a longer period (long- and medium-term duration of performance) following a shift in supply and demand patterns in the coal industry.
For valuations, time dimension performance continuity is more important than short-term performance stability, but short-term performance stability characterization is an important clue to the continuity of time dimension performance. According to the mid-2024 and annual reports, and the 2025 quarterly reports, coal plate performances have been significantly fragmented, but the performance of low-exploitation cost companies such as China’s Shinhuai and Xiangxi Coal industry has been stable.
We judge that after the market recognized that low-cost coal companies had a longer period of time, the long period of time increased the valuation and passively dropped, so we do not recommend that shares be selected at the rate of dividends, and that the very essence of excessive dividends is that the market is concerned about falling corporate performance.
We believe that the core factor determining the long-term position of coal companies in the industry’s cost curve is that, when the industry is in the upper run, the cost of mining impacts more on roe, but when the industry is in shock or even down (as the energy transition deepens, the lower middle- and long-term demand for coal is market consensus).
Mining costs not only affect roe, but also the viability of assets, with high-cost companies being phased out, low-cost companies becoming the last survivors, and long-term sustainability as a determining factor in valuation. In this framework, thinking about the value of investment in the Xianxi Coal industry, we believe that the gap in valuation between companies and God is likely to narrow.
On May 19, 2025, China’s godship was 14.7 times more than China’s in 2025, compared to 10.3 times the company’s 30% difference. Our analysis is related to such factors as the dominant edge and the market’s leading perception of China’s long-term attributes.
1) Sharing the same coal fields with the gods is one of the companies at the left end of the industry’s cost curve, with companies that are not disadvantaged in terms of resource endowments, and that, after heat adjustment, cost of mining tons of coal is further spread over other companies. Moreover, the company’s coal mining complex is relatively new and is expected to maintain a low-cost advantage over a longer period of time.
2) The marketing area is wrong, and the company has no direct competition with the gods. Thus, the company and the gods are not only a few low-cost supplies at the overall level of the coal industry, but also a few in their respective regions. 3) At the end of 2024, the asset-liability ratio was only 43.71%, and the sum of monetary and transactional financial assets exceeded the balance of interest-bearing liabilities.
Like China’s gods, they are one of the highest-quality balance sheets in the coal industry, and in the market as a whole. As a result, we judge that in the early stages of the coal industry’s shift from “flexible narratives” to “long-term narratives,” China’s gods, relying on their absolute leadership in market values and asset size, are taking the lead in valuation improvements through long-term attributes, and companies are expected to do so in the future.
The gap in valuation between the company and the Chinese god is expected to narrow as a result of the proliferation of logic and the continued validation of its own performance stability. 3. Profit forecasting and valuation. On the basis of the above assumptions, we predict that the company ' s net profits were attributable to the parent owner in 2025-2027, respectively.
In the early stages of the coal industry moving from a “flexible narrative” to a “long-term narrative”, we've judged that the country, by virtue of its position as an absolute leader in market value and asset size, has taken the lead in improving valuations through long-term attributes, and that companies are not expected to see the difference in valuations between companies and Gods as a result of the proliferation of narrative logic and the continued validation of their own performance stability.
It includes, but is not limited to, downstream demand for electricity and the non-electric sector, coal supply, non-market-based disturbances, etc.) The pace of the new energy transition has increased significantly, and may have an impact on traditional energy demand, such as coal.
3) A revolutionary breakthrough in energy storage technologies. An important reason why new energy sources are not fully replaced by traditional energy sources is the high cost of storage technologies, and the rate of energy clean-up transition will increase significantly if storage technologies break through. Appendix: Summary of financial projections
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.