The Bank of Chengdu, a city commercial bank based in Chengdu, is in the lead among the commercial banks in the western cities. As of 30 June 2017, the Bank ' s total assets amounted to $378,223 million, leading the commercial banks in the western cities. The Bank has also established provincial branches in the provinces of Chongqing and Xian.
In Sichuan Yaan and Jiang Subao counties, cross-regional coverage of operations was achieved through the establishment of the Shan Jinceng Town Bank and the Bo Jinceng Village Town Bank. (1) Chengdu banks took advantage of their advantages and built up high-quality, wide-ranging customer resources for the development of Chengdu banking operations through a series of effective measures. First, through market and customer segmentation, customer marketing and management, intensive local market development and full digging were achieved.
(b) The development of a broad and long-term partnership between the financial sector and the Chengdu Bank, with a focus on the generation of high-quality customer resources, represented by key government clients and key municipal enterprises: third, based on overall business growth and sustainable development considerations, has led to the development of a large number of high-growth businesses through a point-to-point marketing model;
Quality SME clients; fourthly, by taking advantage of the advantages of corporate banking in the public sector system and SME clients, Chengdu banks have always focused on the development of individual banking, consistently making individual banking one of their strategic development priorities, and the contribution and importance of personal banking to the entire business has been increasing in recent years. As at 30 June 2017, individual lending balances stood at $36,735 million, or a total of loans.
(3) Standardized banks provide a breakdown of SMEs by providing financial products and services that fit the characteristics of the industries in which the target SMEs are located, thereby enabling rapid penetration of high-growth, risk-controlled SME clientele.
The SME financial services products introduced by Chengdu Bank have become a good reputation among SME clients. Specialized SME service systems, distinctive SME products, will be a rapid development in the SME business of Chengdu Bank: Master of Financial Engineering, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, China, 2015.
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.