The year 2024 was marked by a year-on-year increase in the red scale, and the business-building company ' s second-growth curve in Indonesia.
▪ Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia contributed the main annual increase in performance: in 2024, affected by the global supply of bauxite, the maintenance of scarcity and the mismatching of domestic aluminium oxide production capacity, the average annual cost of overseas aluminium oxide was around $503 per ton, 46 per cent higher than in 2023, and the company Indonesia 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project throughout the year
The project company, pt. bintanaluminaindonesia, which enjoys 100 per cent discounts at Indonesian industrial parks, realizes a net profit of 3.47 billion yuan a year, +175.1 per cent.
It is proposed that a further gold dividend of $0.90 per 10 shares (including taxes) be found to all shareholders, to be added to the growth points of the company’s future operations in the first three quarters: 1) 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium and 2 million tons of oxidized aluminium in the Indonesian coded layout. The company produces 250,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium and 260,000 tons of carbon per year in the layout of the Bointan Industrial Park in Indonesia.
Project, which we expect to be operational by the end of 2026, in addition to the extension of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide in two phases of the Indonesian Industrial Park by the subsidiary pt. bintan aluminaindonesia, one of which was installed in civil construction in 2024 and two million in 2 phases
The Ton Project is in the construction phase; 2) Automotive Boarding is expanding further, with the Māori share of high-end business being in the South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219); three-quarterly reports are increasing in 2024. By the end of 2024, the sales of high-end company products were about the total sales of company aluminium products.
A review: The rise in the price of aluminium oxide has driven companies to 14 per cent of their volume overseas, while the high-end Māori product accounts for about 23 per cent of the total Māori of the company ' s aluminium product, and the company ' s performance is expected to grow further robustly as the use of the company ' s carboard and airboard capacity continues to increase.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we continue to look at the profitability of the company ' s Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia and the continued release of high-end aluminium processing operations, such as automobile boards and airboards, due to the price of Aluminium Oxide, South Mountain Aluminium (600219): 2024 semi-annual reports
Tens of thousands of tons of productive capacity are not as fast as expected; the United States dollar continues to be at high risk. The three major financial forecasting tables for the South Mountain aluminium industry, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.