The main industry is working in tandem with innovation, weaving intelligents. 18th of September, 2025.
The company is strategically positioned by the Association of Intellectuals, and for more than 20 years has been working on the digitalization of the industry, building a well-developed system of marketing, marketing management, and technology services that covers the world. The company is based on a right-based approach.
The deep accumulation of the intelligents conglomerate industry continues to expand the boundaries of the cosmopolitan senses, promoting large multimodel models, technological landings, and building application closures with large data and software capabilities to help transform digitally across society. Companies start with video perception technology, expanding and enriching their network of objects with more dimensions.
Sensitivity. In response to the rapid growth of artificial intelligence industry, the company developed a forward-looking multi-model model technology, released a large-scale model in 2023, expanding the ability of artificial intelligence algorithms from visual to multi-module algorithms, resulting in a multi-dimensional upgrading of hardware and software applications.
▪ Innovative business plates have injected dynamic energy into the development of their multi-dimensional layouts, and weeded the smarts network of ecological networks. Companies have created new business plates with multiple layouts and eight main directions. Innovative business accounts for a continuous upswing in corporate revenue, including the main operations of the Haikang robot, the Flute Network, the Haikang Automobile Electronics, the Haikang Microvision, etc.
The Heikang robots focus on industrial goods networking, intelligent logistics, and intelligence manufacturing, and have become domestic industry leaders; and the fluorescent network, with its full capacity from hardware design and development to the cloudy platform, has become a rare industry with complete vertical integration.
Aiot Enterprises for Service Capacity; High Value Added Mems, Photoelectrics and Sensor Technologies for Building Multi-dimensional Sensitivity of Temperature, Pressure, Flows, Places, etc., have become domestic leading companies in the field of thermal imaging.
Innovative business, together with the main industry, revolves around the direction of smart business, with an all-embracing set-up, which together supports the steady growth of corporate business and contributes to firm corporate growth. The development of the ai model has created new business dynamics, bringing new dynamic development to the main business and to the innovation business.
On the one hand, companies continue to develop multi-dimensional perceptions, performance appraisals: the short-term pressure of traditional business, the innovation industry.
Intelligent and big data technologies, promoting innovative research and development of digital products and the effective application of large models to sustain robust growth in the long run.
The digitalization of the landscape opens up new opportunities for growth in the country's major industries. On the other hand, the seacomer machine, the fluorescent network, the seacom car electronics, the seacomb microfilm, etc., have all taken their own fields.
To take the lead, to guarantee the growth of corporate business. Corporate ownership goes hand in hand with innovative business, to fight against new growth poles, and to create innovative business formations that provide solid support for the long-term sustainability of companies.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company, as a global global security leader and a core company of smart assets, relies on the technological architecture of cloud-side integration and the capacity of the entire stork, building up the protected river in multi-dimensional perception, big data, model algorithms, landscape applications, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.