Events: In recent days, Haekangway released its semi-annual report for 2025. In the first half of 2025, the company now earned $41,818 million, an increase of 1.48 per cent in comparison to the current operating income of \triangleright, and the mother ' s net profit of $5,657 million, an increase in comparison with the previous year.
In terms of sub-operations, there was a positive growth in offshore ownership and innovation in 2025, with a continuing increase in the share of total revenue.
There are all divisions that provide firm support for the long-term sustainable development of the company.
The \triangleright Division adheres to an internationalized development strategy, continues to increase investment in overseas marketing and further increases the share of overseas income, which accounts for 29.25 per cent of total revenue.
Yang's share of corporate revenue is 28.14%. The overall share of innovation is increasing, and the main businesses such as Haikang Robots, Firestone Networks, Haikang Automobile Electronics, and Hakang Microvision are all leading in their respective fields.
Research assistant White Xingxi, deep-deep alot multi-model model technology, innovation research and development to strengthen the technology base. Companies continue to develop multi-dimensional, cognitive, artificial intelligence and big data technology; innovative research and development for digital products and large model applications are effective.
In the first half of 2025, the company launched the Great Model Integration Platform, which innovatively brought about three major areas of physical connection, perception and application development.
Twenty-five-year quarterly reviews: ai digitalization transition, offshore “integration”, overall upgrading of industry applications and driving the continued release of business performance.
The effectiveness of the strategic adjustment is beginning to show a significant improvement in cash flows. In 2025, the company actively implemented the strategic adjustment, \triangleright 2.
Underscoring the “profit-centred” business model, improving the correlation between cost spending and business performance has effectively increased the efficiency of operations. In the first half of 2025, net cash flows generated by corporate operations increased by $5,343 million, while net profits increased significantly faster than revenue and the quality of profits continued to improve.
In the future, companies will actively promote multi-model models.
(b) The technology-based approach, which identifies the performance cut-off points through the sustained growth of offshore and innovative operations, while maintaining the “recommended” rating through the assessment that income and profit growth are back on track, that innovation leads the price-reciprocal market gains of 18 x, 15 x, 12 x.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.