The results of the strategic adjustment are significant and the profit growth is expected to continue.
Innovative and overseas operations continued to grow and ensure sound profitability: the proportion of corporate innovation operations continued to rise during the reporting period, with the operational activities of the Seacom Robots, the Firestone Network, the Seacom Automobile Electronics, the Oceanic Microfilm, etc.
Wu Xing Xing is a strong leader in their respective fields, which strongly guarantees the growth of the company’s business as a whole.
482 million yuan (yoy+24.31%) is a positive placement of emerging markets. Business and services abroad have continued to grow well. Africa is growing the fastest, followed by Latin America and South-East Asia. The Māori rate for offshore operations is 47.26%, which is better than domestic 43.98%. In the international context of tariff barriers and trade restrictions, corporate internationalization strategies continue to advance and move forward.
The Māori rate in the main business is sustainable, and the cost rate is stable: the overall Māori rate in company 2025h1. Of this, the Māori rate in the innovation business is 38.28% (yoy-3.70pt), and the Māori in the main product and service.
The same-year increase of 2917.51 per cent is a significant improvement in cash flow due to an increase in sales returns for the current period. Companies maintain a relatively large and sustained investment, with three fees remaining stable. During the reporting period, sales/management/research and development costs of companies slowed down in each of the three major sectors, and smbg is expected to achieve a positive increase in the second half of the year: during the reporting period, three.
The growth rate of the main line has slowed, with a sharp fall in the smbg in the first half of the year. Of this, public service (pbg) revenues have fallen to $5,573 million (youy-2.11 per cent). The enterprise (ebg) has been adjusted and profits are expected to grow in the second half of the year.
(b) Improving risk control mechanisms and strengthening the institutional basis for compliance; and continuing to expand the digitalization of the scene, with a view to unleashing the capacity of the operation and opening up new opportunities for growth in the domestic industry.
[Galaxy computer] company review _ Hayconway (002415.sz) _ Promoting the widespread application of large models and strengthening the technology base: companies insist on technology innovation as a core driver, innovation and overseas business robust and performing well in the first quarter
Keeping research and development investment strong and increasing sustainable development capabilities. Companies continue to develop multi-dimensional perceptions, manual [Galactic Computers] company reviews - Harconway (002415.sz) - overall intelligence and big data technologies; and promoting the effective landing of innovative research and development of digital products and large model applications.
The launch of new products adapted to new scenes and new needs and diverse functional patterns, and the overall upgrading of product intelligence.
Ping, expanding the boundaries of the company's smart business. During the reporting period, companies built on the big models of "seek" and became strong and innovative, and launched hundreds of large model products covering clouds, domains, margins, etc., which were widely used in industrial manufacturing,
Electricity, urban governance, traffic management, etc.. In the area of urban governance, the large pyrotechnic detection model is presented, the accuracy of the upgrade is recognized, the large model is integrated spectroscopy technology is used to monitor water quality; in the area of traffic management, the diagonal integration product achieves intelligent transport and improves the speed of access to the main arteries; in the area of industrial manufacturing, the X-ray injury system is introduced
In the area of production safety, a mechanical arm crash camera was launched in conjunction with visual imaging technology to avoid accidents, such as mechanical collisions.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.