The three-quarter growth in chemical performance has benefited from a significant increase in pta prices, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $61.68 billion, an increase of 17.8 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return of $1.77 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the previous quarter, while the company announced a significant increase in net return profits in 2018, which benefited from a substantial increase in pta prices. In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income.
Two hundred and ninety-nine million yuan, or 45.6 per cent more than the previous year, and 31.5 per cent more around the ring; the net return to the mother in the first quarter was 650 million percentage points, a small decline of 0.3 percentage points. The financial cost was $520 million, a significant increase of 443.2 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of a significant increase in interest-interest spending.
7595 yuan/tonne, a significant increase of 45.3% over the same period, and the pta-px average price difference of 1958 ton over the same period were the main reasons for the significant growth in the company’s performance. At the same time, the px-stone oil price differential increased by 41.6% over the same period in the third quarter, while the company’s subsidiaries produced 1.6 million tons of production capacity, which also increased significantly in the third quarter.
The Zhejiang petrochemical construction project, which is 40 million tonnes/yearly integrated with aromatic hydrocarbons, with 4 million tonnes of px, 1.5 million tonnes of benzene, 1.4 million tonnes of ethylene, is currently well under way and is scheduled to be gradually operational by the first quarter of 2019. The company's refining project is aimed at polyvinyl hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, and will be finalised.
In the case of oil products, the project has a high degree of integration of refining, while the petrochemical project aromatics are at the forefront of the industry, taking into account the current import ratio of about 60 per cent of px and about 15 million tons of imports in the country, and the post-partum phase-out of px will gradually lead to the gradual self-sufficiency of the country and the upward extension of the company ' s industrial chain.
The pta industry has recovered and the profits of the industry chain have been distributed from new sources. The pta industry has entered a cold winter as a result of the disorderly expansion between 2012 and 2014 and, as the supply and demand structure has improved, the industry has continued to grow by 28.5% since 2017, compared to an average price of $6463/ton since 2018.
High level of start-up. The country’s private refining project will gradually start next year, and the domestic px production will gradually fill the capacity gap, and the supply pattern will shift from a severe supply deficit to a tight supply balance, while downstream polyester production will be able to move smoothly into production along with the growth of perceived consumption, so future profits in the industrial chain will be redistributed.
Ping, however, because the company petrochemicals project is the largest private refining project in the country, there is much room for future development, and the performance of the industry will increase significantly, while cyclical fluctuations in performance will be reduced to become an absolute giant in the domestic industrial chain, with the ability to restart production.
Company 1 is the refining-polycerine tap with crude oil-px-pta-polysis chain 1.1 Deep farming-polymer industry, increasing integration
The company is a domestic refining-polycerine tapery, the main products of which are aromatic hydrocarbons, phenyldiphenylacetic acid (pta), polyester (pet) slices, pre-poy (poy), platinum fully towed wire (fdy) and dty (dty) and is the first listed company in the country with an integrated whole industrial chain of “fuel oils, quarce oils, pta aromatic hydrocarbons, pta polyesters, wiring, etc.”
The company was founded in 1995 with its initial main business as fibre fabric, and expanded upstream into the elixir sector in 1998 after which the company continued to deep-plough the polyester industry chain, with clear development plans and continued to move upstream with the launch of its subsidiaries, respectively, in 2009 and in mid-2015, of the Pta Project and the Golden Pulsified Aromatic Hydrocarbons Project, which has now opened up the “oil-px-pta-silent wires”
In order to address the still high external dependence of the company ' s raw materials px, in May 2017, the company was involved in a combination of tons of px, 500,000 tons of pure benzene and 1.1 million tons of chemical light oil: the three main bases in Bandarco, Ningbo and Hainan had a pta production capacity of 135.5 million tonnes/year (of which the equity capacity was 5.95 million tonnes/year); and molten silk production capacity of 1.2 million tonnes/year.
By the end of 2018, expected to be operational, with an additional equity capacity of about 2.3 million tonnes/year, the company ' s px equity capacity of 3.9 million tonnes/year will be able to meet its own total raw material needs of 5.95 million tonnes/year pta and achieve full chain self-sufficiency.
The rapid growth in performance in the third quarter was due mainly to the strong performance of the third quarter of the pta, the strong weight of the company’s overall industrial chain in the pta ring, and the rapid growth of the company’s performance. In terms of Māori and net interest rates, the company has continued to rise since 2014, mainly in the form of the production of middle-grade petrochemicals, with a higher margin of px.
The profit level has driven the economy. Although it declined in 2017, it has recovered since 2018, and while the first three quarters of Maori influence, management and financial cost rates have continued to rise, after 2017, the cost rate has begun to decline over the period as a result of the increase in profitability generated by the new project, while also driving the rise in Roe and the rising level of asset utilization.
2 The refined structure of the refining-polyester industry and the expected continued repair of the pta chain with a large domestic supply gap of 2.1 px, which long-term capture of profits from the industrial chain, had been slow to develop in the domestic refining-polymer chain before 2004, and then into a period of rapid growth.
It's a period of gradual transfer of the polyester chain to Asia and even to the continent. In the history of capacity growth, px and pta have a mismatch period, that is, 09, 10 years, when the px supply is adequate but the pta growth is slower, leading to a better profitability of pta, which has also catalyzed the pta production enterprise.
Thanks to profit-driven concentration of production capacity for 12-14 years, pta entered a long winter period. Tons of tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 40.98%, are heavily dependent on imports, mainly due to crude oil import quotas, limited light oil production capacity, which limits px capacity expansion.
The domestic pta self-sufficiency rate has continued to rise since 2002 and has been close to 100% since 14 years. While profits from the industrial chain have long been seized at the end of the upper px, accounting for 40-50% of the profits from the overall industrial chain, there have also been significant fluctuations in the profitability of the chain over time as a result of changes in the structure of supply and demand.
2.2pta has passed a period of disorderly growth and is expected to remain high in the future. It will enter a concentration of private refining capacity in 2019, mainly a phase of zolpidem, px production. Pta, elixir, also has additional capacity over the same period, but less than px.
The px supply gap will be reduced from 21.25 million tonnes in 2018 to 13.4 million tonnes with domestic self-sufficiency rising from 39.7% to 64%, significantly reducing the country’s dependence on Japan and Korea and other countries, and increasing the voice of domestic firms at the end of the industrial chain.
(a) The structure of the industrial chain is gradually adjusted while pta growth is maintained at a level of steady growth of 6 per cent, and future pta links are expected to gain by the assumption 1:px will gradually decline in prices and Māori levels will decrease in the future as a result of the concentration of private refining projects;
(b) Scenario 4: no significant change in the company's rate of three; on the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2018-2020 as follows:
The Schizophrenic Project is the largest private refining project in the country, with great scope for future development, with significant future growth in performance and a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.