A steady increase in core business revenue, and a continuous overlap of the Big Star model Events: Science Chase launched its semi-annual report for 2024, the company achieved $9,325 million in revenue in the first half of the year, Science and Technology (002230.sz)
Ponxim is seeing a steady increase in income at the end of b.c. and a short-term pressure on profits. At the end of revenue: in the first half of 2024, educational products and services received $2.86 billion, an increase of 25.1 per cent over the same period.
Net profit - $4.01 billion. The company's profits were held back in the first half of the year, mainly because the company actively seized new opportunities in the history of artificial intelligence, and in the first half of the 2024 period, additional investments were made in large model development and core technology, autonomous control and industry chain control, and large model industry expansion.
Office books, translators, audio pens series gmv increased by 43 per cent over the same period, with multiple product groups continuously picking sales champions in Kyoto and Skycat two-way platforms: based on the platform+channel development strategy, corporate ai market share and brand visibility continued to increase.
As a result, the company expects the Starfire superbs to interact on the line on August 30th, which will break through speech recognition, semantic understanding, and emotional perception. The Big Star model continues to evolve, joining forces to consolidate the company’s position in the company’s industry.
On June 27, “Stoking Star Fire”v4.0 was officially released, and “Stoking Star Fire”v4.0 was the only open, fully self-controlled model of the nation based on arithmetical training, with full access to the sign gpt-4turbo, 12 mainstream tests in Chinese and English at home and abroad, and Starfirev4.0 in eight test sets.
In October, the company joined forces to announce the first Manka National Production Account to support the trillion-dollar model training.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., version of Ltd., full enhancement of seven core competencies and validation of base reliability.
In Beijing's west-city district, the Golden Mansion No. 127 A, located on the west side of the city, which is aimed at education, medical care, automobiles and business intelligence, has become a large model partner for many industry head companies.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: short-term performance pressure from increased R & D inputs in the company in the first half of the year, but steady growth in corporate c-b-end revenues and continuous validation of value of educational products; corporate partnerships
(a) Risk factors: iA large model application is less than expected; downstream demand is less than expected; industry competition \triangleright
B.A. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering a number of plates such as the Internet, games, advertising, electricity vendors, and new consumption, and the components of the Meso-Cosmos Second City were not, were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.