According to the company report, H1 in 2024.
Computer/software development In the second quarter of the year, the company's single quarter principal revenue was $5.678 billion, an increase of 14.62 per cent over the same period; the single quarter was quick to promote large model development and sales returns to improve cash flow. 2024 h1, sales/management/research and development
bc Double-wheel drive, core business health development. Education products and services generated 2.860 billion yuan, an increase of 25.14 per cent in the same year; medical operations received 228 million yuan, an increase of 18.80 per cent in the same year; open platforms generated 2,345 million yuan, an increase of 47.92 per cent in the same year; and smart hardware generated 9.00.
“Athletic intelligence plus” shows the dynamic and potential, the healthy development of the core business. The scale of the Big Star model application and the technological advantages of the core source are highlighted. On June 27, 2024, the company officially released the Big Star model v4.0, which provides a complete upgrade of the seven core capabilities.
Faced with the marker gpt-4turbo, it was ranked first in eight international mainstream tests and became the leading model. For applications in specialized fields, companies have released a number of soft and hard-forming products in the fields of health, education, and office, contributing to the realization of the scale of the ai+track applications.
The only major model technology in the downloading of large models based on national productivity training was the full-scale breakthrough of the Quest Flying (002230.sz)-Star Fire Model v4.0, the ai+ racetrack, the bottom recovery of the Quest Flying (002230.sz)-23, standing in a new round of artificial intelligence.
Investment advice: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Consider the continued growth of large model R & D inputs, corporate profits, short-term pressure, and we lower the profit. The net return is expected to be the net return to the mother in 2024-2026.
Given the size of the company’s Big Star model, which empowers trackais, it is expected to continue with high growth and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
According to the company report, in 2024, H1's main business income was 9,325 million yuan, an increase of 18.91 per cent in the same year; the parent's net profit was RMB 1 billion. Of this amount, the company's single quarter principal revenue was $5,678 million in the second quarter of 2024, an increase of 14.62 per cent in the same year; it shows the viability and potential of “ artificial intelligence plus” in the Chinese market.
Figure 2: Revenue and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) from the Science and Technology Division's single season. Investment proposals: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We lower the profit when considering the continued growth of large model R & D inputs and short-term corporate profit periods. The expected net return to the mother is a net return to the mother in 2024-2026.
Given the scale of the company's Big Star model, which empowers trackai applications, it is expected to continue to grow at a high level, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author