Short-term performance pressure, significant growth in b-end vehicle operations, c-end product value ongoing validation 22 August 2024
Cote d'Ivoire (002230.sz) has lost the same balance; deducting non-net profits of $483 million, compared to $304 million in the same period the previous year; short-term performance pressure, b end-of-cycle car business has grown brightly.
Corporate growth in education, medical care, automobiles, open platforms and consumers, etc.: 1) Jian Jian Jian, education products and services received 2.860 billion yuan, an increase of 25.14 per cent over the same period; 2) medical operations achieved camp
Six months ago, with respect to large model development and core technology autonomy and industry chain control, and large model industry expansion, there was also a decrease in investment returns and fair value changes in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year; c The value of end-products continued to be validated, and at the end of August, the entire population opened up to the superprogrammers.
618 Smart office books, translators, audio pen series gmv increased by 43% over the same period, depending on the platform + track strategy of the artificial intelligence business, the market share and brand knowledge of the science-based flying machines continued to increase, and the number of learning machines doubled in the first half of the year. On August 19, the company announced the Starfire voice.
The big model is updated to officially launch the super-programmer interaction and to apply its capabilities to the "Small Star" app “Small Star Chat” function, which is a breakthrough in the four areas of response and disruption, emotional resonance, voice-controllable expression, human role-playing, which will be open to all at the end of August.
The company’s share of end-of-cycle products has continued to rise, and the introduction of the starfire version of “her” by the punai, the creation of the first completely new Chinese interactive model in the country, means the official arrival of the country’s first gpt-40 voice-based product and the future application of smart voice-driven technology to mobile phones, cars, homes, etc.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the application’s accelerated landing, given the relative depth of 300 performances. Large model countries are becoming more prominent, working together to create the base of national productivity.
China's National Team for Artificial Intelligence has built national priorities, and the core technology research and product platform is now fully autonomous. In October of last year, the company and China worked together to build the first edition of the trillion-dollar-parametered model training, and seven core competencies were fully upgraded, ranking first in eight international mainstream tests.
Starfire v4.0, the company has introduced a variety of hardware and software products for education, medical care, automobiles, corporate intelligence, etc., and has become a major model partner in several priority industries. We believe that Science and Technology are building a national autonomous computing base for strong and powerful alliances, while showing strong models.
Using landing capacity as a team of artificial intelligence countries will play an important role in the country’s national production process in the fields of numeracy, large models, applications, etc. Investment proposals: company b- and c-end operations continued to be good in the first half of the year, car operations increased rapidly.
In the process of facing and catching up with big overseas players at the top of the model, a differentiated route has been taken out as China's artificial, intelligent “national team”, working together to build the base of self-controlable arithmetic, promoting the development of national productivity and driving large model applications to accelerate landing. The net return profits of companies are expected to be on the ground in 2024-2026, respectively.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.