The results of the first three quarters of 2022 were in line with expectations, and the Hpv vaccine maintained extensive vaccinations of the wise-flying organisms (300122) and accelerated the formation of basic immunizations, with 90 per cent coverage of the country's new crown vaccine.
The company made a significant contribution to the new crown vaccine last year. Hpv vaccines were issued with excellent results. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s exclusive agent, Mossadon Hpv vaccine, with a four-priced Hpv vaccine, issued 1,181,000 doses, an increase of 158 per cent, or nine.
The cost of Hpv vaccines was 1.228 million, a 128% increase over the same period. In addition, the autonomous product acyw 135 more sugar vaccines were issued 2.69 million, ac combined with 4.36 million vaccines, thousands, 23 valent pneumonia vaccines were issued 1.02 million, and hepatitis A vaccines were issued 610,000.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the combined interest rate and net interest rate decreased mainly because of the higher performance of the new crown vaccine contribution during the same period last year.
The card is in the marketing phase, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sinda Securities and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers for research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.