Reorganization of the new coronary vaccine has shown remarkable results and is expected to increase the number of smart-flying organisms (300122) event: In recent days, the company has reorganized the new coronary virus protein vaccine (cho cell) (known as “reorganization of the new virus).
The results of the clinical research project on the same-source strengthening (inoculation number 4). The results of the clinical research show that after the completion of three doses of recombinant vaccine for the basic immunisation population of the company, one dose of immunization has been stepped up for six months or 12 months, for new coron strains, including imicron.
The company's reorganization of the new cogeneration of vaccines effectively responds to the Omikium mutagenic strains.
The need for and feasibility of cogeneration of cogeneration vaccines. The company uses an open-source pilot design to screen the recipients of the group to complete the recombinant recombinant of the new coronary vaccine base immunisation, with one booster after a interval of six or 12 months.
According to the results of the study, 14 days after a six-month period of intensive vaccination, the detection of the true virus was carried out on the medium and antibodies (gmt): the prototype gmt was 264.2 (growth 11.3 times) and the rate of transmission (growth 4 times) was 91.33 per cent, of which 18-59 years of age, 60 years of age and above were found to be in the same group.
The antibodies gmt were 305 (11.4 times), 105.7 (10.8 times), for fakes and 94.64 (3.3 times) for micronba.4 gmt. 14 days after the 12-month period of intensive vaccination, for mesmerized and antibody testing for real viruses: prototype
396.4 (62.7 times increase), 98.00 per cent (four times increase), 147.7 (39.0 times increase) and intermediate antibody detection of false viruses: imicrón ba.2.1 (two hundred and twenty-eight times increase) and positive (four times increase) of 232.87 (ten.8 times increase)
81.67%: micronba.4/5 gmt 161.72 (a 6.7-fold increase), positive transition rate Reorganisation of cogeneration of new crown vaccines can significantly increase the level of moderate antibodies.
Epidemic, but there are no enhanced immunization measures for those who have completed three doses of the recombinant new crown vaccine base. A clinical study of the company recombinant new crown vaccine booster immunization shows that it can be significantly and rapidly introduced through a six-December interval between the group of people who have completed three doses of recommenced new crown vaccine base immunisation.
Middle and antibody levels in the population targeting the prototype strain of the new coronal virus and the mutant strain of imicrón.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street of the City's West Side, Beijing, is in the marketing phase, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: risk of less than expected product development, increased market competition, marketing of products
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sinda Securities and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers for research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.