Consolidation of c3 layout c2, re-launching of light hydrocarbon taps, satellite petrochemical (002648.sz) 05 0121
● LFAI tap “Big Business” for the first time, with a buy-in rating, LFAI for company, C3 capacity for sustained expansion and consolidation of the LAF for project C2 to open low-cost QC2 for high-quality track development of low-cost & high-barrel barriers
The supply of raw materials should not worry: domestic consumption of ethane in the United States in 2023 was about 45 million tons, exports were about 12.5 million tons, returns were 15.9 million tons, returns were 22 per cent, and returns were sufficient to support export demand. Project links were closed: the cost of the ethane steam break-up route was clear, companies had access to ethane resources.
Project high barriers: U.S. ethane export device ordered saturation, Vlec ship-building two years, project approval cycle, operational difficulties and absolute competitiveness over three years; we have been working through history.
Retroactivity shows that the net profit center of a project in 2016 to date is 3 billion and is more profitable. ● Consolidation c3: Enhanced fine & high end tap status Acrylic acid and improved demand for esters: 480,000 tonnes/year for company acrylic acids, 450,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acids, 450,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acids and 450,000 tonnes/years.
The city accounts for 14.3 per cent and 16.7 per cent, respectively, and only satellite petrochemicals and sorority groups are known to produce new capacity over the next three years, with less pressure on the supply side, acrylic acids per ton, an increase of $2129 per ton over q3 and better access to profit routes, and we believe that the supply and demand patterns are better.
Yes, there are stronger technical barriers. The company has become a well-known domestic and international supplier of paper diapers, such as Fujian and Hunan Quanxi, and is expected to continue to increase in infant paper diaper consumption and market penetration rates under the concept of eugenic eugenic consumption, increasing population ageing and increasing acceptance of adult incontinents, and high demand for sap.
Emission of consolidated tap status: 180,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and 300,000 tonnes of acrylic esters are planned to be produced in 2021: 300,000 tonnes/yearly modified pp., 250,000 tonnes/year albino water project is planned to be launched by 2021.c 3 mega-hairc2 industry, with the integration of light hydrocarbons in the near future
1.1. The continued expansion of production capacity takes place at the c3 pole, taking advantage of the new growth in the opportunity layout c2 Acquisition of the up-and-down extension of the industrial chain and full configuration of the integration pattern. Satellite petrochemicals were established in 2005, when the main business was acrylic acid and esters. Since its inception, the company has focused on building integrated industrial chains in the dry c3 industry.
In 2009, the incorporation of aggregators extended their operations to higher-molecular emulsions, pigments intermediates, and high-water-sorting resins, respectively, through earlier acquisitions, and the introduction of acrylic dehydration (pdh) into the upstream of the industrial chain, provided by the facility.
Low-cost propane has a clear cost advantage for the industrial chain. With the construction of pdh in 2014, the company completed a whole industry chain layout in area c3, from upstream propane dehydration (pdh) to midstream acrylic acid/ester, and even downstream high molecular milk, sap, dioxyhydride, etc., which became the first product in the country to form an industry with propane as a raw materialc3
In 2011, the company was listed in depth, and after listing, the company took advantage of the financing advantages of the listed platform and raised several quick additions to downstream capacity. At the beginning of listing, the company owned only 160,000 tons of acrylic acid, 150,000 tons of acrylic acid, and after two rounds of financing expansion, the company now owns it.
There are two major industrial bases in Kathing and Peace Lake, totalling 900,000 tons of pdh, 450,000 tons of polypropylene, 480,000 tons of acrylic acid, 450,000 tons of acrylic acid, 240,000 tons of high pure acrylic acid, 210,000 tons of high molecular milk, 150,000 tons of sap, 220,000 tons of dioxygen water and the annual capacity of the 21,000 tons of paint intermediates.
The company is currently the country's largest and top five-largest producer of acrylic acid.
The low-cost ethane opportunity period led to the establishment of the Lumun Harbour petrochemical subsidiary in 2017 to pre-empt the development of the c2 industrial chain. In 2018, the company formally entered into an agreement with the United States Energy Transfers to purchase ethane and set up a joint venture to build a ethane export facility to safeguard the material advantage.
2.5 million tons of ethylene, 1.35 million tons of pe, 21.9 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn joint installations, with a total planned investment of 33.5 billion yuan, including 19.9 billion yuan in the first phase, which is expected to be operational by early 2021, and about 13.5 billion yuan in the second phase, which is planned to be completed by 2022.
The cost advantage of the process route for the production of ethylene is that, with the release of the production capacity of the downstream product device, the company is expected to replicate the successful experience of the c3 production chain and build the c2 chain into the company’s next fast-growing business.
1.2 The equity structure is stable, the incentives to equity and the shareholdings of the employees show a sense of business confidence The equity structure is stable, and the holdings are concentrated. Yang Weidong indirectly holds 21.86% of the shares of the company by holding 50% of the shares of Zhejiang Satellite Holdings, Yang Ya-Jen directly holds 13.42% of the shares and two of them together hold the shares of the company.
In 2015, the company launched the Sino-Koco project, with a total of 8.265 million shares, or 1.0266 per cent of the company’s total stock, which will be at the core.
The Ministry also provided three equity incentives to internal management and core technical staff in 2014, 2016, and 2018, respectively, to test the speed of corporate profitability, profitability, and progress in building important projects.
Incentives for workers to work and drive rapid growth in corporate performance. 1.3. Energy expansion drives steady growth in performance, with integrated patterns built into higher profitability. Energy expansion leads to rapid growth in corporate revenue and greater stability in industry-wide chains.
Each year, the industrial chain was successfully opened, 450,000 tons of pdh were built, and the increase in propane self-sufficiency was a clear cost advantage for the company’s original C3 chain, while the company’s rapid build-up and downstream capacity led to the start of new projects each year, leading to rapid growth in corporate business income.
Devalued, and the continuing decline in commodity prices depressed market confidence, led to a negative procurement, with a significant negative increase in net corporate return profits in 2014-2015. With the improved layout of the company’s industrial chain, corporate profitability increased significantly, and overall net return profits stabilized. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the company again faced a fall in oil prices, with the previous three quarters of the year.
Mother-to-child net profit ratio increases by 2.17 per cent, q1/q2/q3 net-carriage ring increases respectively - to be collected from acrylic acid and esters, but since 2014 the production capacity of acrylic acid and esters has remained constant at 480,000 tonnes/year and 450,000 tonnes/year, with a gradual decline in the share of revenue received, from 72.3 per cent in 2015 to 2020h1
38.52%. And with the two rounds of upstream production totalling 900,000 tonnes of pdh, the production of acrylic production has increased significantly, and the share of income has risen rapidly, making it the company’s top business. The downstream product expansion, represented by the sap, has been very effective and will continue to maintain the industry’s leading edge in the context of downstream demand, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly and taking the share.
The cost advantage is to expand the profit margin of the industrial chain by substituting propane for out-sourcing. As a result of a further increase in propylene self-sufficiency and industrial chain integration in 2019 at pdh II, the company's primary acquisition of propane as raw material was changed from primary to primary production of propane as raw material, and the price of propane as an upstream raw material decreased,c
The cost of production of acrylic acids and esters is again low, with a steady rise in Māori. The cost advantage is passed on to products such as saps, high molecular emulsions, etc. downstream, and Māori has increased considerably in the market environment where demand is strong.
The main business of acrylic acid and esters is stable, and downstream high Maori products demand is strong, production capacity continues to expand, and corporate overall Māori rates are stable and remain above 20%. In 2015, the company’s “second business start-up” year, the company’s industrial structure led to a significant rise in cost rates, which has since been refined.
Camp management, with increased cost control capacity, has maintained a downward trend over the years. Māori has remained above 20% since 2016. Debt financing has improved the efficiency of the use of funds, and asset-liability ratios have been kept at reasonable levels.
The value of corporate assets and liabilities continues to rise as a result of the expansion of the chain and the layout of the c2 chain, the number of start-up projects, and the company’s reliance on debt financing as the main method of financing to improve equity capital efficiency. But, compared to other chemical companies, the firm’s asset-liability ratio is low in the industry and its solvency is still at a reasonable level.
Figure 11: Corporate asset-liability ratios are at lower industry levels, 2. Layout c2: Developing low-cost & high-barrel high-quality track, 2.1 ethylene supply and demand patterns without pessimism, downstream derivatives providing alternative spaces for national production
Ethylene production is on a fast-growing path. We've seen annual growth in ethylene production over the past decade, with the first Ethylene boom in 2009-2011, the first to jump 10 million tons to the second largest in the world; but ethylene production in 2014-2018, as supply-side reforms have advanced and the chemical industry has lost its capacity, among other things.
The rate of growth was slower, at less than 4%; by 2019, the country had largely completed its production capacity; with the concentration of private refining integration projects, the country had entered a new cycle of expansion, with ethylene production out of 20 million tons, a steady increase in consumption compared with the comparable growth rate. The rate of growth in the consumption of ethylene was stable, with a steady increase in its consumption at the same rate as that of gdp.
There's a certain correlation, and ethylene consumption is slowing down as the country moves into normal development. By way of visual consumption, our ethylene self-sufficiency rate has remained at around 90% for almost a decade, basically keeping supply in line with demand growth. In 2018, a ban on the import of scrap plastics from abroad was introduced.
The ethylene downstream sector is gradually recovering, prompting a rapid increase in demand for ethylene. Polyethylene is the main downstream product of ethylene. Domestic consumption of ethylene is dominated by ethylene downstream demand, accounting for 61.6% of total consumption, followed by epoxypropane and ethylene, which together account for 21.2% and styrene for 21.2%.
The third largest downstream, 7.8 per cent, is that our ethylene consumption structure is generally relatively similar to that of the global consumption structure, but it is significantly higher than the global share of ethylene from upstream polyesters because of the increasing share of polyester fibres in the textile market in recent years and the production capacity of polyesters, which accounts for half of the capacity of ultra-global total production.
In our view, the actual self-sufficiency rate of ethylene is still low. Because ethylene needs to be stored and delivered below 100°C, it is more difficult to import directly, so the producers of ethylene sell their products in the form of more or less downstream derivatives. Currently, nearly half of downstream products such as polyethylene, ethylene, styrene, etc. are dependent on imports and dependent on external sources.
By reducing ethylene equivalent consumption from downstream derivatives, we estimate ethylene equivalent consumption in 2019 to 4707.92 tonnes, corresponding to a self-sufficiency rate of 43.59%. Although our production capacity and production have increased rapidly, it is still slower than the growth in ethylene consumption, and the real market gap is still large.
The rate of ethylene start-up in our country has been declining steadily, significantly below global levels. As foreign downstream products have a clear domestic price advantage and imports have increased steadily in recent years, this has severely affected domestic ethylene production capacity; and our country is mainly producing ethylene from oil refineries, with excess domestic refining capacity in recent years, and a lack of oil supply has affected ethyl.
The supply of raw material for the ethylene device has led to a more moderate rate of production growth. And our ethylene production has continued to expand, leading to a steady decline in the rate of start-up. China ' s average ethylene plant start-up rate was 71% in 2019, well below the global cost advantage of 85% 2.2 ethylene fission, with a significant future trend of light-massification.
Industrial preparation methods for ethylene are generally divided into two major categories: oil and non-oil routes. Oil routes are based mainly on ethylene fission by pyrocephalic oil; non-oil routes are mainly based on coal (methanol) ethylene and ethylene fission.
Small molecules are now the most sophisticated production techniques for the preparation of gaseous light-forming hydrocarbons through free-base reactions. There is a high energy consumption and high equipment investment cost for ethylene skeletal fission, and different material quality of skeletal oils will greatly influence the rate and quality of subsequent fission products.
Coal (methanol) ethylene ethylene: ethylene from coal-based routes generates coarse methanol by converting low- and medium-level coal, which then merges into low-carbon hydrocarbons, and uses coal as a feedstock for the production of ethylene as a partial substitute for oil cracking, thus reducing the pressure on oil and gas supply. However, the process involves more stringent response conditions and product separation conditions, which exist for energy.
Ethylene fission: Ethylene fission ethylene is the generation of ethylene by dehydrogen reaction in high temperature fission furnaces and by-product hydrogen gas. Ethylene fission is low and low by-product and ethylene by-product by-product by-product compared to conventional material fission.
High, so the separation devices of the ethane fission process are relatively low in energy, with the advantage of high product yields, low facility investments, and low material costs. ethylene fission is one of the most promising process routes for the production of ethylene.
The rate of ethylene harvest is also lower. The ethylene rate of the ethylene fission process can reach a maximum of about 70%, much higher than the rate of ethylene of other traditional feedstock processes, such as quartz oil.
Light, by-products are low, resulting in high production and low consumption of single-stage fission furnaces, and relative investment in ethane fission is lower than in other raw process ethylene, with the lowest relative energy consumption. The full cost of importing ethane fission hydrocarbons in Chinese enterprises is essentially the equivalent of steam cracks and coal prices at the Brent oil price of $40.
The price of coal-based acetylene and methanol is equal to the price of mto at $1333, and the future oil price when it warms back will show a strong cost advantage. There is a significant trend in global lightening of raw materials.
The share of ethylene as feedstock is 37.7%, the total share of lightly modified feedstocks is 52.3%, while the share of traditional quartz oils decreased from 51.2% in 2010 to 41%, and the global trend of lightly produced feedstocks is significant. By 2021, the share of ethylene in the composition of the world ' s ethylene feedstocks is expected to increase further to 40% and the proportion of cerebral oils to 37.6%.
The production of ethylene in China is still dominated by the fission of sulfur oil. The production of ethylene in China is still dominated by sulfur oil fission of ethylene, with a high degree of dependence on oil. At the same time, under the energy characteristics of our “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” country, the country has gone out of a unique coal/methanol-based ethylene route, with a much higher proportion of its raw materials restructured than the global average.
China will follow the trend of lightening in the future. The number of ethane fission units currently being built and under construction in the country is 15.
Figure 19: Structure of domestic ethylene feedstocks, 2018
propane,  diesel,  methanol
2.3. The future supply of ethane under the shale gas revolution is sufficient, the docks and pipelines are the main binding factor for exports 2.3.1, the U.S. ethane needs a longer supply chain to enter the end market, and the United States is currently the only exporter of ethane. The main global ethane production site is the Middle East and the United States.
The Middle East is dependent on rich oilfields with abundant ethane supplies, but the potential for ethane supplies has been exhausted due to the lack of new large oil field projects at the end of the supply line in recent years. With the large number of construction of ethane cracks in the Middle East, the Middle East has not had enough ethane resources to support the expansion of production capacity, and the Middle East has virtually no exports.
The supply of new ethanes is mainly from the United States. The shale gas revolution has provided for the growth of ethane resources in the United States. The shale oil and gas revolution in the United States has led to a significant amount of light oil and gas resources, and, as shale gas reserves continue to be discovered and mining techniques continue to improve, the production of ngl in the United States has increased dramatically in recent years, with the ratio of ethane in ngl being 60% -
ngl refers to the by-products of hydrocarbons other than methane in gas wells, including the components of ethane, propane, butane and condensed oil (c5+), of which ethane is the main ingredient. ngl is used heavily for fuel, residential heating and electricity generation.
Their downstream consumption is highly seasonal, so ngl needs larger storage facilities to keep the market running smoothly. When ngl consumes light seasons, producers store ngl in underground caves; during the season of consumption, then transport stored ngl into the pipe to the downstream consumer market. ngl underground caves are usually built by the middle-stream pipeline.
Installation and operation to form an organic whole of ngl logistics transport with pipeline systems. Figure 21: Rapid growth in production of ethane in the United States Figure 22: ethane is the main ingredient of ngl
The United States shale gas industry chain is divided into three stages: upstream (exploration, exploitation), midstream (separation, transport, storage) and downstream (domestic market and export). The shale gas extracted upstream is a mixture of a range of carbon, hydrogen, including methane to condensate, and impurities, such as water, carbon dioxide, which is extracted and then extracted into midstream and separated into dry gas (in this case).
The components of methane, natural gas condensate (ngl), etc., are transported into the appropriate piped networks and are distributed by downstream distribution companies to the United States domestic market for end-users such as industry, residents, transport, etc.; the other is transported abroad via pipelines.
Figure 23: ethane requires a longer supply chain to enter the end market. 2.3.2. Transportation facilities are the main constraint. Export capacity is currently limited. Importing ethane from the United States abroad requires a longer supply chain, dedicated pipelines, export facilities, export facilities for ethane exports.
Equipment such as vlec ship is the main constraint: Figure 24: Importing U.S. ethane abroad requires long supply chains Pipe: The transport of ethane requires the establishment of pipelines from U.S. caves to export facilities.
The major investment in the construction of pipelines is generally invested in and operated by United States companies, and the purchaser has to pay for the export facilities: the export facility contains the ethane liquefied device, the ethane deep cold storage tank, and the dedicated ethane dock. ethane enters the export facility through the pipeline, first it is liquefied and then it enters the deep cold storage tank for storage, b
As of June 2020, there were currently two export terminals in the United States. First, the Marcos Hook, operated by suncologistics, had a design capacity of 70,000 barrels/day (approximately 1.4 million tonnes/year) and the second was in Texas.
However, according to the contract information obtained in the open market, 5 million tonnes of ethane export capacity has been utilized, leaving only 500,000 tonnes of export capacity available and currently at its limit.
Satellite petrochemicals and 2020q4 and the establishment of a joint venture with the spmt of the ergytransfer company, orbit nederland became the third export terminal in the United States, providing a steady guarantee for the supply of raw materials for its projects.vlec vessel: ethane is transported by sea in liquid form and must be completely cooled at a temperature of -90°C or
High-pressure compression and strict temperature control, with higher requirements for sea transport conditions, makes the transport of ethane more stringent temperature and pressure-control requirements for ships than for regular liquid transport vessels. Large-scale ethane ships delivered on the current market are mainly 87,000 cubic metres of Indian reliance.
Ship groups, the South Pacific, etc. also have the capacity to build large-scale ethane ships, such as Jiangnan, which is responsible for the construction of the largest global Vlec project in English 99,000 cubic metres. Thus, there are barriers to large ethane ships with the requirement to invest, build for a long time and be highly compatible with the purchase and sale agreement.
Import facilities: Import facilities include a dedicated terminal for ethane (50,000 tons) and a storage tank for ethane connected to the ethane fission device. The conditions are stringent in the location of the project in China: (1) Government approval: ethane fission as chemical project must be entered into the chemical parks. (2) Port conditions: water depth conditions for large ethane vessels are in place, ports are in place.
The rear side must be in close proximity to the chemical park, and if land is refilled, it must be approved accordingly; (3) In addition, the financial strength of the investor and the experience of the construction and operation of the project have higher barriers, 2.3.3, ethane in the United States or a pattern of continuous oversupply, which supports export demand.
The ethane produced in the United States is mainly used for ethylene fission feedstocks, and the surplus is remitted to the gas pipeline for combustion of tons, at 24%. According to the sinochemintl data, the shale oil policy after Biden came to power is tightened, with a consumption of about 45 million tons of ethane and an export of about 12.5 million tons, a return of 15.9 million tons, with a return ratio of 1 5.9 million tons.
The fall in oil prices affected the construction of ethylene installations or made the supply of ethane more adequate. According to the current ethylene program, the fall in oil prices forced large petrochemical companies to cut capital spending, which is currently partly planned.
Progress will be delayed: if Shell announces a 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project in Monaca, Pennsylvania, United States; if Nordic chemicals suspend $6.8 billion t/year ethylene fission projects in Kazakhstan, etc. If future ethylene devices are put into operation at a slower pace than supply growth, it will not be possible to digest the production of ethylene.
2.4. Project c2 has been completed through the industrial chain and is expected to become operational in 2021q1 In September 2017, the Council for Satellite Pulsification and Cooperation with the National Model Regional Cooperation in East and Central West (the Quixin District of Lien Yunang) signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation on the Model Industrial Parks Project, which produces 4 million tonnes of AFOs per year.
The company completed a feasibility study for the 2.5 million tonnes of ethylene fission project, officially declared the project as Lian Cylon Pyrochemical Co. Ltd. 3.2 million tonnes/Young Hydrocarbon Integrated Processing and Utilization Project, with a total investment of 19.5 billion yuan in the project phase and 17.7 billion yuan in fixed assets, mainly for c2 industrial chain devices, with major products including ethylene oxide/ethylene oxide.
72.9 million tons of ethanol, 500,000 tons of ldpe, and 400,000 tons of hdpe, which are expected to be completed by early 2021; phase II of the project plan, with a total investment of about 13.5 billion yuan in taxes, includes major products such as ethylene oxide/ethanol 72.91 million tons, ldpe 500,000 tons, styrene 500,000 tons, acrylate 260,000 tons, which is expected to be operational in 2022.
US pipelines, export facilities are operational. In March 2018, satellite petrochemicals formed a joint venture with ergytransfer's spmt company orbit and plans were made to build a sea port for ethane in the Gulf of Mexico, and
Linked to Montbelvieu in pipelines, orbit will be the third United States to have access to a million barrels of ethane exports, with a total capacity of 7 million tonnes/year, which is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2020. 3 million tonnes/year are used by the company to provide a steady guarantee for the supply of raw materials for the project.
In 2020, the company ethane transporter and product downstream customers contracted to land. In order to secure the transport of the Lian Yun Harbour petrochemical phase, the company, together with the construction of six vlecs by the Three Star Heavy Workers and the Modern Heavy Worker, had delivered the first one in November 2020, and the remaining five in 2021h1.
Six additional vlecs were ordered. Four of them were also built by three-star heavymen and modern heavy labourers and were transferred in October to the Singapore shipowner, Easternpacificship (eps), and will be delivered from the second quarter of 2022, while two of them were chartered by satellite petrochemicals and the South-West Sea Ship in Tianjin to commission the construction of the ship in Jiangnan.
The first ship carrying ethane has successfully arrived at the company’s own pier at Lien Yun Harbour, and has successfully completed the unloading of the ship, connecting the dock to the raw materials cannery, marking the formal opening of the global raw materials supply chain through the Lien Cloud Harbour project.
2.5. The benefits retrospectively show that the net profit center of the project is 3 billion to date The price of ethane in raw materials dropped significantly by 2015 due to shale gas in a period of intense development, while chemical products such as eg, eo, p were at a high level due to demand and lack of objectivity, from the point of view of the crude oil cycle.
At the beginning of 2016, just as oil prices were being laid down and a new cycle began, we chose to use historical 2016-to-date prices as the basis for our reflection. The period was marked by concentration of energy from chemical products such as eg, eo, pe, falling prices, booming prices from the textile and apparel industry, and a sharp drop in crude oil, leading to higher prices for chemical products.
In 2019, the ethanol production was 11 million tonnes/year, according to the China Pulse Market Early Warning Report 2020, the annual output was 31.8 million tonnes, with a compound growth rate of about 42 per cent per year, and the demand side sustained the 2013-2019 demand increase.
At a rate of 6%, which is far less than the increase in supply, and the impact of foreign resources on the country, we believe that the industry may be facing a reshuffle, with a short-term difference in the price of the eg still under pressure. Ethylene oxide (eo) is expected to be released from demand, driven by a recovery in the real estate landscape: 4.58 million tonnes/year in 2019, according to Mid-2020.
The national petrochemical market early warning report shows that 1.76 million tonnes/year of new capacity will be added in 2020-2021, and the annual compound rate of increase in foreign real estate and new infrastructure will drive up the demand for epoxy ethane, which we believe is likely to be maintained in the future.
Figure 31: Slow growth in supply and demand of epoxy-ethane (eo) Consolidation c3: Enhanced fineness & high-end chemical tap status 3.1, pdh entering productive expansion period, fine-tuning and high-end transformation into future directions
Acrylic downstream applications are widespread. It is an important basic petrochemical raw material with a wide range of downstream uses: packages containing important commodities such as polypropylene (pp), epoxypropane, acrylic acid, where polypropene is the most important downstream demand (71%) for acrylic, widely applied to fibre products such as clothing, blankets, medical devices, etc.
Cars, bicycles, parts, transmission pipes, chemical containers, etc. are also produced for food, pharmaceutical packaging, etc. The process routes for acrylic acrylates include, inter alia, catalytic fission (fcc), steam fission, coal/mol-based acetylene (cto/mto), propane dehydrate acetylene (pdh).
The traditional process of dissipation as production of acetylene is the main route for the production of acetylene. However, in both processes, acetylene is merely a by-product, with a lower rate of harvest, and production is more limited by the demand for other main products. In a rapidly growing global demand for acetylene, traditional processes are no longer able to meet production needs, and coal-based hydrocarbons, propane dehydrogens, etc., are more targeted.
The production of acetylene is growing in scale. Coal-based hydrocarbons are mainly used as synthetic methanol for coal, then as methanol for the production of low-carbon hydrocarbons; pdh is used as raw materials for the production of acetylene through dehydration. For our resource pattern of “coal-rich oil-poor gas”, the development of both routes has contributed to reducing domestic production of vinyl hydrocarbons.
The pdh route has an advantage in the context of oil price shocks. We calculate that the cost of price fluctuations for raw materials is not taken into account by leading companies with better cost controls, but rather by comparing the impact of price fluctuations on costs when oil prices are above $50 per barrel.
cto is the best route; oil prices are the best route when they are less than $30/bp; oil prices range between $30-50 and pdh most of the time is the best route. From the point of view of the output ratio of the routes, the head route is 67%, the pdh route is 13%, and the methanol route (including the cto route) is 20%.
The pdh route, which has a large proportion of the pdh route, is still relatively competitive, even if the price station is $50/bp. Figure 34: Cost advantages of the domestic pdh production from different routes under the price of oil
The pdh project began with the acceleration of the construction of our production capacity in pdh, which began to expand rapidly in 2019. By the end of 2019, about 6.76 million tons of capacity per year had been officially produced; by the end of 2020, an additional 4.27 million tons of capacity was expected, with a total capacity of 11.03 million tons per year.
By 2020, the BIC projects that the country’s acrylic capacity will reach 46 million tonnes/year, thus deriving that pdh will account for more than 20% of the output, a further increase in the share. The main future acrylic capacity increase comes from the pdh installation, where large-scale production planning actually reflects a better return on investment for the pdh project.
Precision and high end into the future. According to current production planning data, most of the pdh routes downstream are equipped with polypropylene production capacity for the Grand Consigner, and according to the 1455 Planning Guide for Petroleum and Chemicals, the apparent consumption of high-end polyolefins in the 13-year period was 12 million tons, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 41 per cent, with national production replacing it.
The gap is still large. Satellite petrochemicals started with fine-chemicals, c3 industrial chains have a strong ability to fine-tune and extend high-end, (1) modified pp: the company plans to invest $600 million to expand industrial projects in the Quantino Harbour area. The project plans 300,000 tonnes/year of new modified pp materials, 250,000 tonnes of dioxygen water. The project started construction in September 2020.
Establishment, expected production in 2021, o4. 180,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid devices will be able to contribute in 2021 o1, when the company ' s acrylic acid and acrylic ester production capacity will reach 660,000 tonnes/year, 750,000 tonnes/year, industry dragons
(3) Sap High Barriers, High Value Added: The company has 150,000 tonnes/year of production capacity, has a strong autonomous R & D capability for the country’s only enterprise with a Sap Continuous Production Specialization, and has global influence. It has become the main supplier of the country’s major paper diaper producers, such as Fu Jianan and Hunan Hong Kong.
In the future, it is expected that the penetration rate of the paper diapers downstream will increase and the product substitution will open up the market space. 3.2. High concentration in the Acrylic acid and esters sector, with a sustained improvement in supply and demand. High concentration in the Acrylic acid and esters sector, with a strong voice for taps. The market for acrylic acid and esters is close.
Over the years, it has increased globally, with Bassfe, Akomar, Japanese tactiles, lig chemistry, Taur, and the six giants of the vessel petrochemicals accounting for more than half of the world’s capacity. Domestically, the satellite has been turned into an absolute leader, with a company with a capacity of 480,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid as of November 2020, and a capacity of 450,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid production.
This is also evident in the high concentration of the domestic industry, with a national Acid production capacity of 31.35 million tonnes, cr 6 = 71%, and a national Acid production capacity of 2.32 million tonnes, cr 6 = 72%.
Figure 37: Our ABS capacity cr6 = 72%. Figure 36: Our AC capacity cr6 = 71%. The construction and express delivery industries are mainly downstream of AC and esters. The main downstream ACs are: 60% of ACs.
esters, including acrylic, acetate, butylate, acetylene, acetylene, etc.; 20% sap, mainly used in water-sorting materials for paper diapers; 7% of detergents, mainly in detergents; 36% of paints downstream of acrylic acids, mainly used in building waterproofing; and 31% of glues, mainly in use
In 2016, the rate of growth of production has been slow, and the rate of demand for matching demand has been slow to rise; in terms of new production capacity, only the satellite petrochemicals and flint groups known for the next three years, with less pressure on the supply side. On the demand side, the year 2017 is excluded.
In Germany, the effects of the short-term rise in demand due to the effects of the Bassyl Acid and ester devices showed a marked upward trend from 2018 to 2019, with a 21 per cent increase in apparent consumption in 2019, and downstream, acrylic acid and esters are mainly used in the paint and delivery industries. We believe that the peak of construction in the real estate sector is high.
The demand for acrylic acids and esters is expected to maintain a 20% increase with the fast-speed development of the express delivery industry. In terms of price differentials, the q4 Acrylic-propylene price difference is 4901/t, the ring increase of q3 is $2129/t, and the profit improvement route, and we believe that the supply and demand pattern is better and the acrylic acid industry is expected to continue.
3.3.Sap enters the first international echelon, with a high rate of penetration.Sap enters the first international echelon with a high degree of growth. Superabsorbsorpentpolymer, sap is a combination of highly water absorbent, water-savvy and inflated high molecular material with a capacity to absorb its weights.
100 to 1,000 times the capacity to water. Mainly used in the production of sanitation supplies, including baby paper diapers, adult incontinents, and women’s and women’s hygiene products. From 2008, the company has been able to build 150,000 tons/year of capacity through autonomous research and development, including 90,000 tons/year of reaction capacity, and 60,000 tons/year of reaction capacity.
At present, company sap has become a supplier to major paper-peathing producers in the country, such as Fujian Changan and Hunan-Kanxi, and foreign brands have been certified and are beginning to be tested as one of the global-impact sap producers.
The world’s main production capacity is currently concentrated in China, Japan, and Europe, with three of the largest Japanese hit media, Germany Bassov, and Germany winning 48% of global production, and global cr8 = 85%. From our pattern, our capacity was 1.44 million tonnes/year as of 2019, compared to 2015-2018.
It's always around 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the rate of start-up is generally low. The rate of start-up continues to rise in 2019, when the concentration of capacity is released. We believe that the consumption of paper diapers and market seepage are expected to continue to increase, as the population increases and the acceptance of incontinents by adults increases.
Employment rates are expected to continue to rise and demand prospects are high. Figure 48: Sales of adult non-restricted items is expected to increase faster. Figure 47: Infant consumption of paper diapers and market penetration rates increase faster
Technical barriers: about 70% of domestic high-sortage resins are produced abroad. Technology is a long-standing monopoly in Germany and Japan.
The first production line of the sap was put into production in 2014, and the real product was released in 2017, and the middle of the period of 2-3 years has been experienced for the grinding period up and down, and the company needs to be tested from performance to experimentation, and to break through layers to order increases every year. As a result, we believe that the company’s competitiveness at the domestic sap is expected to be sustained over the long term.
(ii) Acrylic acids and esters; (i) assuming 180 000 tonnes/year Acrylic acids in 2021 and 300,000 tonnes/yearly Acrylic acids in 2021;
Dutch operation; (2) Acrylic acid-propane price differentials narrowed in 2020 as the industry ' s warming-led Acrylic-propane price spreads, maintaining a profit level in 2019, under the high-speed development of the real estate industry during the peak completion period and the express delivery industry.
The annual epidemic stimulates demand, sales are boosted, and the Māori rate is maintained at 2019 levels. The penetration rate has increased, and product prices and Māori rates have continued to improve. Others: price of products affected by the epidemic in 2020 in pigments intermediates and high-molecular emulsions, Māori pressure, etc.
The company is a leader in the integration of light hydrocarbons, c3 capacity will continue to expand and consolidate the leadership, and c2 projects will open up a low cost of 22.4/10.3/8.6 times the price. We have chosen to launch the light hydrocarbon fission project as a comparable company. Compared to a company with an average of 20.5 times pe in 2020, it is slightly less than a satellite petrochemical.
22.4 times, the average pb is 3.4 times slightly higher than 2.47 times the satellite petrochemicals, but with the company ' s 2021 c2 project international trade policy implications