Performance meets expectations, business is strong, industry is rich, Jodhji is rich.
• A steady development of the Shanghai distribution business, with rising financial costs affecting performance growth The pharmaceutical distribution business achieved sales revenue of $58,521 million, an increase of 9.64 per cent over the same period
The interest rate was 6.06 per cent, with an increase of 0.04 ppt over the same period, and the distribution of the company's operations was continuously expanding, with the number of provincial and municipal distributions increasing from 20 to 22, and the number of medical institutions covered increased to 27,712, of which 1,425 were level III hospitals, 727 were centres for disease prevention and control (cdc) and 27 were added to the spid operations in the first half of the year.
There are 162 hospitals under contract, hospitals hosting hospitals, and 48 pharmacies co-located with medical institutions.
The company acquired 99.55% of Xuzhou Medicines Ltd. and 52% of Xu Huai Pharmacy Ltd. for $579 million; 31.59% of Guangdong Medical Medicines Ltd. held by Guangzhou Big Industries Group Ltd.
In addition to increasing the business size and performance of the company, it also laid the foundation for the expansion of the company in the region.
Corporate finance costs of $385 million, a net increase of $98 million, an increase of 32.23 per cent over the same period.
74.08 days, we expect to be the result of a decline in hospital payments. The overall interest increase in the company has significantly increased the company’s financial costs.
2. The “one-size-fits-all” strategy to raise industrial profitability, and the future of the “consistency evaluation” exercise: the company's pharmaceutical industry sales revenue of $7,503 million, an increase of 17.03 per cent, and the Maori rate of 52.31 per cent.
The rapid rise in corporate industrial revenues has been largely due to the promotion of “one-size-fits-all” products for priority products.
The model, 60 priority varieties with revenues of RMB 3,958 million, an increase of 12.82 per cent over the same year, has led to the elimination of development bottlenecks - 34 varieties are growing at a rate no lower than the rate of growth (ims).
Figure 1: Corporate operating income (millions of yuan) and rate of increase (in %)
Corporate marketing has been market-oriented, strengthening academic marketing strategies, establishing core academic promotion points, highlighting core clinical values, such as company rheumatism immunological hydrazine tablets, which received $284 million in the first half of the year through professional academic promotion, an increase of 20.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and market ownership of 78 per cent.
For example, in the context of the changing policy environment, companies have built a network of channels with revenues of $7.05 million in the first half of the year, or 37.29% more. Marketing strategies have been effective in improving corporate industrial sector performance. In terms of R & D, companies have invested $373 million, an increase of 29.51%.
Applications for cozyl clinical trials were processed, medicines for butate chlorvet level flats and injection emulsions were approved for clinical treatment, Quality-up requests were made for batches, acetic aromatic fluid declaration clinical, etc., pre-clinic data were superior to pre-clinic data for sph3127. Anti-target drugs were marketed, stage I clinical advances were successful, single-dose increment resistance tests were completed; completed Reatensui
The periodic clinical study shows effectiveness and safety in the case of people suffering from wind-related diseases, and its potential use to contain chronic abnormalities in the AIDS epidemic, and applications for new adaptive clinical applications have also been accepted by cfda. The company’s capacity for pharmaceutical innovation is growing.
The product clinical cooperation base conducts a consistency evaluation, with the first and second batching of 99 varieties and 125 codes (of which 36 are outside the 289 catalogues), and 15 products are now in the clinical stage, with the fastest product expected to be declared by September 2017. The company is expected to benefit from the trend of increasing generic drug concentration through a consistency evaluation.
The diversification of the business contributed to the growth of the pharmaceutical retail section. The company’s retail pharmaceutical business achieved sales revenue of $2.714 billion, an increase of 9.00 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate of 16.00 per cent over the same period, an increase of 0.36 ppt. The company’s branding chain of 1,855 retail pharmacies, of which 1,200 were directly owned.
The China Community Reciprocal Reform “Description Extension” project, which now covers 128 community hospitals and health service centres in Shanghai City, has a healthy pharmaceutical cloud on the company’s retail marketing development platform, working together to promote electronic prescriptions and online payment strategies for health insurance.
Subprescription has successfully connected more than 100 medical institutions to deal with more than a million electronic prescriptions; “Propensive drugs, finance”, working with Aslicon, has introduced a financial phase-out service for the innovative drug Teresa, which targets lung cancer.
There's a clear underestimation of the leading drug flow. Good company quality, rejuvenation of management drive positive corporate change, pharmaceutical business is expected to accelerate both endogenous and expansive growth, and corporate future growth is expected to accelerate. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Risks of buying medicines from commercial channels are lower than expected; policy risks of raising the qualification requirements of pharmaceutical companies; and consistency assessment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board