The pace of growth in the industrial sector has risen considerably, and the distribution business has grown by 11.12% over the long term.
Pharmaceutical industry operations: The rate of income growth has accelerated, with a focus on coherence evaluation The company achieved $7,503 million in 2017 for its pharmaceutical industry operations and implemented a priority product focus strategy for growth. Revenue from sales of 60 priority varieties was $3,958 million.
This represents an increase of 12.82 per cent, while sales account for 52.76 per cent of the income from the pharmaceutical plate, and the priority variety of multi-billion yuan, representing about 6.17 per cent of the company’s revenues from the pharmaceutical industry. In addition, companies focus on marketing, on the one hand, by strengthening academic marketing and, on the other, by strengthening marketing channels for products, and on the other, by improving the selection process.
Vendors, which in turn led to a faster increase in sales of some of the products. Companies focused on promoting the evaluation of generic consistency, selecting more than 20 pharmaceutical research institutions and 44 product clinical cooperation bases for the evaluation of consistency, all of which have now been completed
Collation and establishment of species within the scope of the evaluation, with the first and second batching of 99 species, 125 products, income structure (2017h1) regulations (of which 36 species, 43 are outside the 289 catalogues), have entered the clinical hierarchy of 15 products
The fastest products are expected to be declared by September 2017. We believe that in the short term, the company benefited from the increase in pharmaceutical industry operations as a result of the purchasing of vitaco last year, the intensification of marketing, and, in the long run, the company’s focus on imitation.
Intent evaluation, in terms of quality, quantity, progress, etc., is among the highest in the country and is expected to take a greater share of the market and maintain a faster pace of growth in the pharmaceutical industry.
The company ' s H1 pharmaceutical distribution in 2017 generated sales revenue of $58.521 billion, an increase of the same year, expanding to 22, covering 27,712 medical establishments (+31.47 per cent), of which Tri-A, 31.59 per cent, and 51 per cent, of which Xu-ju medicine started in February.
First reported date: 23.03.2017 Growth mainly from stock business, while companies guaranteed out-of-date M&As, terminal coverage, etc. Shanghai Medicines (601607) Annual Report 2016: Main Camp
With a relatively fast pace of expansion, we believe that in the long run the company benefits from the country's economy — 23rd of March 2017.
Distribution networks, which are expected to gradually increase the revenue growth of distribution operations by increasing the efficiency of M&A operations, increasing the share of pure sales and expanding regional markets, are expected in the future.
The company achieved sales revenue of $2.714 billion in 2017 for the H1 pharmaceutical retail business, an increase of the same amount, and the Shanghai Community Reciprocal Transformation “Description Extension” project, which now covers 128 community hospitals and health service centres in Shanghai, and is expected to benefit from class-based consultations in the long term to provide for the growth of retail operations.
Anticipated risks of industrial policies, such as double-counting: less rapid than expected risks of mergers and acquisitions: the risk of lower levels of Māori due to factors such as mergers and acquisitions, intense competition in regional markets; and the risk of less than expected price assessment for generic pharmaceuticals
The median surplus is 26.31 times higher than the average for the industry. We believe that the Public Administration, as a leading pharmaceutical-flowing company, is expected to gain a greater share of the market in the current round of trade shuffling and to add up to the industry in the context of its “two-vote” marketing network covering 22 provinces and cities throughout the country.
The business focus on promoting the evaluation of generic drug consistency is expected to continue at a faster pace, and the synergies of corporate business and industry are conducive to improving corporate overall profitability.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.