Shanghai Medicines - Shanghai Medicines (601607) q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 = 32.649 million income, 7.33 per cent increase in the same year, 926 million net profit return to the mother, 9.81 per cent increase in the same year.
The net profit after deduction was 833 million yuan, an increase of 1.00 per cent over the same period.1 The distribution business was slightly less than expected, and the distribution business was affected in the short term by the provinces ' new landings and the two-count system.
With the exception of two costs, the operating profit rate was 13.50% (+0.37 pp). We believe that the main reason for the rapid growth of the company ' s pharmaceutical industry is two things: the merger of one vitaco: the acquisition of vitaco. The company acquired vitaco in December last year, earning about $460 million in the first half of the year.
The company ' s 60 priority varieties (h1) achieved sales revenue of RMB 3,958 million (+12.82 per cent) and the M$ 70.16 per cent (+1.13 pp) of the M$ 58,521 million (+9.64 per cent) of sales revenue from the company ' s pharmaceutical distribution operations, and M$ 6.06 per cent (+0.04 pp), with deductions.
Operating profit rate of 2.74 per cent (-0.05 pp) after two fees. Of this, net sales earned approximately $35.5 billion (+12.12 per cent) and was affected by a double-counting system, q2 single-quarter or negative growth, with a greater impact on the rate of revenue growth. 1 Purification operations are affected by the state ' s new target implementation, with a relatively small impact on the rate of revenue-end growth, mainly affecting the Māori rate, although the overall Māori rate remains stable, and we believe that it is mainly the net sales ratio uplifting belt.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies completed the acquisition of 99.55 per cent of Xuzhou medicine, 52 per cent of Xuzhou medicine industry, 31.59 per cent of Guangdong Nakayama medicine, and reorganized the acquisition of 51 per cent of Wenzhou-era medicine, of which Xu state medicine was relatively large and received 802 million yuan between purchase and the end of the period, affecting the overall increase in the reported distribution of medicine by around 1.5 per cent.
Retailing of medicines: The company’s pharmaceutical retail business achieved sales revenue of $2.714 billion (+9.00%), with a Māori rate of 16.00% (+0.36 pp) and an operating profit rate of 1.11% (-0.35 pp) after deducting both costs. The company’s retail business grew steadily.
We believe that there is a relationship with the new targets that are being implemented everywhere, as well as with the impact of the two-vote system on the redeployment operations, which we judge to affect, or will continue until, the single-vote system of vaccine enforcement has lost some of its distribution.
Table 1: Revenue profitability of major subsidiaries of companies, participating companies (millions of dollars) Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East +0.33 pp, +0.03 pp, +0.09 pp. The larger cost increases in sales are mainly for “travel and conference costs” and “market outreach and outreach”
Cost, we believe that the increase in the cost rate is mainly due to an increase in the share of industrial revenues. Operational capacity: the net business cycle of companies is 57.06 days, up from 55.37 days last year, mainly because of the increase in the working days of receivables from 78.90 days last year to 80.40 days of the current year.
2. Changes in the beneficiary circulation sector, mergers and acquisitions, which are expected to accelerate, and the reorganization and acquisition of 51% of the Wenzhou-era medicines, which continue. The second half of the year, the two-vote system continues to fall at the provincial level, although after the month of transition, company mergers and acquisitions are expected to accelerate and become intensive in the first half of next year. In terms of mergers and acquisitions, companies have horizontal mergers and acquisitions (coughs).
At the same time, companies, as state firms, have an advantage in financing, and have sufficient funds to manage opportunities for industrial integration during the interest-added cycle.
During the reporting period, the company continued to promote the evaluation of consistency, with more than 20 pharmaceutical research institutions and 44 products for clinical cooperation currently selected. Consistency evaluations were carried out at the Base. Consortization and creation of varieties within the scope of all consistency evaluations has been completed, with a total of 99 varieties in the first and second batches, 125 codes (of which 36 are outside the 289 catalogues), and 15 products are currently at the clinical stage, with the fastest product forecast.
In our view, the company's industrial plate variety is dominated by generic drugs, and the company's strong push for consistency evaluation is expected to improve the future competitive environment of the industrial block, with higher bid prices expected at the same level of quality as the original study during the bidding process, while more than one species has passed one.
The competitive pattern is expected to improve in the future, without purchasing the varieties that have not been evaluated consistently following the sexual evaluation.4 The health of the drug cloud is growing rapidly, and it is expected that the health of the drug cloud from the company will be working together to promote online payment strategies for electronic prescriptions and health insurance, from micro-mail to online payments in hospitals.
In addition, there is a closed ecological chain for the supply of medicines. Under the banner, “Pharma. Pharmacies” cover a further area, with 30 shops covering 13 provinces and cities; “Pharma. Electronic prescriptions” have been successfully connected to more than 100 medical institutions dealing with over a million electronic prescriptions; “Pharma. Finance”, working with Aslicon, has introduced a financial phase-out service to the innovative drug Teresa, targeting lung cancer, effectively reducing the burden of stress and treatment on patients and families.
In our view, the company has long-term good cooperation with the hospital terminal, the layout of the offline pharmacy and the rich variety, and will have the capacity to absorb the exit.
The Eastern source of financial and intellectual excellence, with 19x, 16x, 14x, the company leading the area of circulation, short-term performance is subject to fluctuations due to zero additions, new signposts, double-ticket influences, but the logic of long-term benefits from the integration of the circulation industry remains unchanged, while the corporate industrial block is expected to accelerate with the convergence assessment falling to the ground.
The short-term impact of the new mark-down, zero plus two vote system has exceeded expectations; the long-term integration of the circulation sector has fallen short of expectations.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
Beijing University, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and Kings Business School, three years old. Formerly employed in China’s Galaxy Stock Company, Inc., and Min-Jin I, focusing on investment opportunities in medicine policy.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.