State policy Shanghai medicine (601607.sh) Business is largely in line with expectations and industry is improving significantly
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Distribution plate income, with net share increases yet to be reflected due to negative effects of transfer revenue in the early run of the two-count system, resulting in a decline in stock growth and a lack of significant contribution from new arrivals into provinces and outliers; profit-makers
On the other hand, the profits of the upper drug control platform have been held up by market expansion and financial costs, and the net profit growth of the upper market platform over 20% has been driven by the machinery industry. The company’s distribution is concentrated on the upper drug control unit and the two main platforms.
1. The rate of growth of 6 per cent, which we believe is consistent with expectations, the rate of increase in profits, mainly due to the fact that the new provinces are still in a breeding period and the financial costs have risen.
5.3 per cent, profit growth of 20.4 per cent, and the slowdown in revenue growth, mainly due to the relatively large transfer of the Sea, which is influenced by a two-vote system and is being carried out through the active expansion of the equipment distribution business of the company for almost two years and 700 million in 16 years and nearly 14 million in profits, which is expected to make a significant difference to the Sea’s six-month performance.
The retail business as a whole was poorly run, with profits contributing only 39.3 million dollars, down 11.4 per cent from the same year. The business grew by 9 per cent, Māori 16 per cent, up 0.04 per cent, management costs.
More than 1.1 billion dollars were contributed, with an increase of 20.6 per cent in the first half of 60 priority varieties, representing an increase of $3.958 billion, compared with $400 million. The cost of industrial sales was 26.5 per cent, an increase of 0.4 per cent compared to the same period last year, while spending on core products rose by more than 30 per cent, and management efficiency in the rest of the first half of the year improved considerably.
Research and development expenditures have increased considerably, consistency evaluations have progressed well, with the fastest varieties declared in September. Corporate research and development expenditures have increased from 288 million in the first half of last year to the current 3.73. Companies have selected more than 20 pharmaceutical studies, Lee Ying Lei.
A consistency evaluation was carried out by the agency and 44 product clinical cooperation bases, and all varieties in the context of a sexual evaluation have now been collated and developed, with the first and second batching of 99 varieties and 125 codes (of which 36 are outside the 289 catalogues), and 15 products are now in place.
In the clinical phase, the fastest products are expected to be declared by September 2017.  Significant reductions in impairment losses of assets during the first half of the year, a robust return on investment (high base for the second half of the year), non-recurrent gains and losses faster than net gains, and a greater impact on financial cost increases on performance in the first half of the year.
Billion; 414 million in investment earnings in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period, but because of the 36.7 per cent increase in interest on prices in Shanghai in the second half of last year, on the one hand, as a result of the 840 million increase in long-term borrowing, on the other hand, the income end: based on the positive distribution pattern of the drugs and the trend in the two-vote industry, we believe that
Distribution operations are expected to increase at a combined rate of 14 per cent over the next three years: industrial plates with vitaco cumulations (short term), core variety marketing collage (medium term), generic drug-benefit consistency evaluation and business synergy (long term)  We believe that the drugs have reached the first echelons, both in circulation and industry, and are more frequent in current medical reform policies
It is expected that growth will continue to be robust in the context of an “enhanced” rating; poor expansion of distribution operations, improved marketing of core varieties, higher financial costs, non-recurring income waves; and analysis of the related reporting rating ratios in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.