On 29 August 2017, the company published its semi-annual 2017 report: first half of the year, return to net profit, deduction of non-net profit.
The pharmaceutical industry grew by 17 per cent, monolithic R & D focused on marketing, corporate performance increased steadily in the first half of the year, and the pharmaceutical industry was the main driver of growth, with sales achieved during the reporting period
The significant growth in the industrial sector has largely benefited from the firm’s heavy product focus strategy, with 60 priority varieties contributing more than half of the industry’s income, an increase of 12.82 per cent. At the same time, companies have accelerated R & D innovation, with an increase of 29.58 per cent in R & D spending, representing 4.97 per cent of industrial income, and the establishment of Shanghai micro-organisms.
In addition to the development of product channels, which represent a growth rate of more than 20 per cent in the income of the species; for example, the first half of the year ' s revenue of hydroxyl chloride sulphate was 284 million, an increase of 20.1 per cent compared with the previous year, with a market share of 78 per cent; the first half of the year ' s cost of sales and management of the boroughs rose by 17 per cent and 12 per cent respectively, and the net operating cash flow increased.
56 per cent, mainly as a result of the growth in the scale of sales, the expansion of operations and the increase in the volume of receivables; the increase in net cash flows for financing by 766 per cent, owing to the increase in the availability of loans and the reduction in debt service payments; and the investment in research and development in the first half of the year of $373 million, an increase of 30 per cent, mainly for the company's seven major research and development projects. Changes in financial data and indicators
There has been a steady growth in the company’s operations and a smooth expansion of its operations, a steady increase in the distribution of medicines, and in the classification of pharmaceutical retail support services. In the first half of the year, there were 1,855 large pharmacies under the company’s flag, with 59 new shops covering 16 provinces and cities;
The Shanghai Classification and Treatment Project, which covers 128 community hospitals and health services, and the creation of a number of innovative operations, with a wide scope for future development, the extension of the upstream industrial chain, the improvement of several bases for the cultivation of Chinese medicine and the development of new Chinese medicine in Hunan.
In the first half of the year, 27 new hospitals were established, 162 hospital dispensaries were hosted and 48 were co-located with medical institutions; the company and dhl worked together to improve third-party logistics. In the area of retail medicine, a health platform was set up for the Pharmacy Clouds, and a micro-letter was created.
Pay online at the hospital, and then close the supply of medicines.III. Profit predictions and investment proposals match 18x, 16x and 14x, respectively, for the first time covered, with a “precautiously recommended” rating.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized by Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, who served in the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Internal Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the Galaxy Securities of China.