Wikito (300122.sz) has renewed its agreement with Mercerton Agency, and the base purchase is expected to be over $100 billion.
On 21 January 2023, Chi Fei Bian signed Supply, Distribution with Mercerton Pharmacy Co. Ltd. (hereinafter: “Mesharton”)
With the Co-Promotion Agreement, Moshalton will supply the product of the agreement to the Twilight Bios, and will allow the Twilight Bios to import, distribute, and promote the product of the agreement within the agreed area. During the duration of the agreement, the Twilight Bios will continue to procure the Hpv vaccine, the five-priced rotavirus seedlings, etc. from Mercados, with a combined base purchase of more than $100 billion.
Billion dollars; diagnostic reagents for autonomous product ec are included in the national health insurance catalogue, and the “ec+mica” nodule product matrix is expected to have synergistic effects; 23-priced pneumonia multi-sugar vaccine products are reported, many of the products under study have been clinically summarized or are in a state of advanced clinical stage, and the development pipeline is about to harvest. Based on the three and a half-year term of the new agency agreement, basic procurement is expected to exceed 100 billion dollars.
Since 25 April 2011, Twisdom and Mercado have been cooperating in market promotion for over 11 years on the domestic import, promotion and sale of Mercantine vaccine products; the duration of this agency agreement is expected to be between the second half of 2023 and 31 December 2026, with a duration of three and a half years, the longest of the successive agency agreements.
The agreement agreed on the value of the base purchase for products including Hpv vaccines, which was 43 per cent and 75 per cent above the agreed base purchase amount in 2021 and 2022, respectively, under the agreed base demand for Hpv vaccines and pentavalent rotavirus vaccines between the second half of 2023 and the end of 2026 of the agreement, and it is expected that the actual volume of future purchases may still be higher than the agreed base purchase amount.
“Technology & Market” double-wheel drive, self-researching products & tubes entering the harvest period The company now has 28 autonomous R & D tubes, 15 of which are at the clinical stage, forming a multi-product matrix of tuberculosis, rabies, respiratory viruses, pneumonia, intestinal diseases, and meningitis. Reorganizing the new protein crown vaccine is marketed under conditions and used as a step-by-step booster, targeting the Oicron shift.
In addition, the company's reorganisation of the nuclear bacterium integrated protein (ec) was incorporated into the national health insurance catalogue and further improved access to medicines, and the company's ec+ microcard's nodule product matrix contains a list of nodule products.
The company renewed its agreement with the new agent in Mercerton for a period of three and a half years, with an agreed base purchase of $101 billion; the autonomous product ec diagnostic reagent was included in the national health insurance catalogue and the “ec+mica” nodule product matrix was expected to have a synergistic effect; the 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine was reported, and many of the products under study had been clinically summarized or were in a state of advanced clinical stage, and the pipeline was about to be harvested.
The expiry of the Hpv vaccine agent contract and the decline in sales, the risk of freezing the registration of the ac-hib triple seedlings, the risk of a major change in the global circulatory disease due to the under-sale of the cow branch bacterium vaccine, and the risk of a major increase in the global circulatory disease.
The Wisdom Bios (300122.sz)-2021 and the 2022 - Quarterly Review: “Autonomous + Agent” driven by rapid growth in corporate performance - the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.