The renewal of the Hpv vaccine for the smart-flying organisms (300122), enhanced performance certainty, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incident: On 29 January 2023, the company issued a public announcement and signed the Supply, Distribution and Joint Promotion Agreement with Mossad, mainly on the basis of previous agreements, to renew the value of the basic purchase of five types of epidemic seedling products, including Hpv vaccine at 4/9 prices, and the five-priced virus vaccine, which had been licensed on mainland China
For other products, the total value of the basic purchase of the products under the agreement exceeds $100 billion and the duration of the agreement is from the date of entry into force until 31 December 2026.
Successfully extending the Hpv vaccine to the largest vaccine varieties in the country. This agreement was signed with the largest increase of approximately $69.5 billion compared to the last renewal (the 2020 agreement), with the longest renewal of three and a half years; considering that the price of 9 hpv has already been approved for adaptive disorders in the 9-45 age group in the country, and the national production of hpv after 2025.
The purchase price system is almost unchanged, the autonomous product needs to be put on hold, and the ec+mic-card nodule matrix is expected to be rapidly released. The company’s first global ec-diagnostic reagent plus microcard vaccine is almost complete, and the market space for tuberculosis control is still huge.
At the beginning of 2019, the Ministry of Education and the Health and Welfare Board issued the recommended health industry standard " Guidelines for the prevention and control of infectious diseases in general higher education schools " , which included tuberculosis screening as a mandatory check-up for new school students. Although the current method of detection is still dominated by the test of the skin of the nodules, taking into account their high pseudo-positive rate, we believe that ec diagnostic reagents are available.
At the same time, the company is actively promoting the transformation of micro-card vaccines among the positive population and marketing, with a projected rapid increase in the performance of the tuberculosis product matrix.
15 projects for the registration phase, 23 of which were declared on the market, double-digit pneumonia, 4-price influenza vaccine completed clinical trials, 15-price pneumonia vaccine, vero-cell rabies vaccine, double-price diarrhea vaccine, 4-priced cerebral cerebral combination vaccine, are in the clinical phase, and the company has established tuberculosis,
1. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): The fall in the new crown affects profit growth, q4 is expected to show a recovery in performance Multi-product matrices, such as rabies, respiratory viruses, and long-term development dynamics.
KIFO (300122): Hpv vaccine fast release, 22, 16, 14 times. Keep the "buy-in" rating.
Cash flow, 22q1hpv vaccine significantly increased 4. Smartfly organisms (300122): Hpv vaccine accelerated release of smartfly organisms (300122): launch of employee holding plans.
To demonstrate long-term development potential (2022-02-07) No.