Annual Report 2022: Double-wheel drive of agents and autonomous products, 22/03.20 billion yuan (8.71%) in non-repatriated net profit. Performance meets our expectations.
hpv vaccine batches continue to grow at a high rate, domestic penetration remains low, and market demand is strong: a total of 29.557 million Hpv vaccines were issued at 4 and 9 prices in 2022, an increase of 55 per cent over the same period, maintaining a high rate of growth. By the end of 2022, the domestic Hpv vaccine penetration rate was about 12 per cent to the left.
On the right, it is still low, especially in the four- and nine-priced Hpv vaccine markets, where the new Supply, Distribution and Co-Promotion Agreement signed on 29 January 2023 between Twisdom and Mercantón continues to be the sole agent for vaccines such as 4 and 9-priced Hpv, with a combined base purchase of over $100 billion.
As the nine-priced Hpv vaccine expands in age, the Hpv vaccine has successfully advanced for male adaptive ii and the production of Hpv vaccine has increased in Mossatung, increasing its supply to the Chinese district, and the release of Hpv seedlings will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years.
• Progressive realization of the autonomous product line to promote the full and sustainable development of the main business: 2022 micro-cards and " Quinoa (300122): Hpv vaccine " Iquika has a network of more than 90 per cent of provincial units in the mainland region of the country, entering the sales scale
There has been a significant increase in the number of products that have been issued. Iyka successfully entered the National Health Insurance Directory in 2022, which, on the one hand, will promote the marketing of Iyka and, on the other hand, the detected positive population will increase the sales of microcards and use the company ' s nodules.
Quarterly performance exceeded our expectations The synergies of the product matrix. By the end of 2022, there were 28 company-owned research and development projects, and 16 projects in clinical trials and applications for registration, of which 23 were registered for pneumonia vaccine.
ii. The company’s own product line is gradually being implemented, with the prospect of opening up long-term growth space.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: Hpv vaccine approval due to IYC and microcard entry into sales release period
With high growth, we have raised the net return to the mother ' s profits in 2023 from $9,747 million to $9,847 million.