Wang Wei-chul msd vaccine agent sales contract renewed to guarantee a steady growth of agency operations.
The company and the msd (Mershardon) company renewed the Supply, Distribution and Co-Exprofiling Agreement until 31 December 2026, relating mainly to the importation, distribution and promotion of the Hpv vaccine, the five-priced rotavirus vaccine, the 23-priced pneumonia vaccine and the hepatitis A vaccine product in the mainland region (excluding Port, Australia, Taiwan)
Broad, with a total value of about $10 billion for basic purchases, the contract is renewed to guarantee the growth of agency operations: this extension of the purchase agreement with msd is expected to guarantee the continued growth of agency sales.
The demand for the 4/9-priced Hpv vaccine has been strong since it was approved in the country, with the company ' s actual purchase of the msd vaccine product contract for 2020-2022 amounting to $48 billion, which is well beyond the original agreement ' s base purchase of $34 billion (table 1).
The purchase agreement, the Hpv vaccine purchase volume continues to increase by 2023 and the 2024 Hpv vaccine contract forecast basis is guaranteed, and given the current undersupply situation, the age extension of Hpv9, the easing of the epidemic, we believe that the possibility of over-procurement will continue over the next two years and will help in the short term.
The product mix of hpv9 products continues to dominate the market, with little short-term pressure: the Hpv9 vaccine can cover more subtypes, and the age of application in the country in August 2022 has increased from 16-26 years to 9-45 years, and the product has been produced.
The cost of Hpv vaccine is faster, and it is only likely that it will be approved every year after it has been clinically in three phases (Wanthai, Watson, and Elysium investors as a share of circulation a). The Msd9 price of Hpv vaccine, sold by the sole agent of short-term companies, remains exclusive.
The market, in a context of high demand, has not been under clear pressure. (imicrón-delta embedded vaccine) has proven to be a good safety and effectiveness through prior studies, with a higher medium-density resistance to the current mainstream micronba.4/5 variant.
The research and development of the rest of the company's autonomous products is also being actively pursued, with 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine applications for pneumococcus, production registration accepted, rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells), four-price influenza, virus fission vaccine obtained from the iii clinical trial summary report, 15-price combination vaccine for pneumococcus,
Freezing rabies vaccine (vero cells) is in clinical ii, and recombinant b-group meningitis vaccine (colicus) has been approved for clinical applications for BCG treatment. The Autonomous Research and Development Team is well developed, and companies are well motivated to grow in the future.
Table 1: Comparison of actual and base purchases by company and msd, 2020-2022
30 January 2023 This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in all or part of the report.