GIFO (300122.sz) 2022: high rate of growth in proxy varieties, concern about commercialization of nodule product matrices.
(+67.09%), of which 4 and 9-price hpv vaccines have been issued for a three-and-a-half-year period for the issuance of 14.3 million new agency agreements, respectively, with an estimated base purchase value of over 100 billion dollars. The company signed the Supply, Distribution and Co-Profiling Agreement with Mercantón, which provides for the basic purchase of products, including the Hpv vaccine.
10 billion yuan; base purchase amounts can be adjusted on a case-by-case basis, taking into account that actual future purchases by company agents may still be higher than the agreed base purchase amounts; focus on commercialization of the nodule product matrix.
Net, the company's reorganisation of collusive proteins in September 2022 was recommended for use in diagnosing tuberculosis infections in the WHO Comprehensive Tuberculosis Guide; Iyka's successful inclusion in the national health insurance catalogue in January 2023 is expected to expand further the use of population groups, with the “screening + treatment” model using the synergy of the nodule product matrix.
Intelligent Bios (300122.sz) — renewal of the Mercado proxy agreement, low sales of the basic cow branch vaccine; risk of major changes in the global coronary epidemic, etc. In Quanticos (300122.sz)-2022: high growth in agent products, new
Investment proposals: significant growth in revenues from corporate agents, renewed with the Mercerton new agency agreement for three and a half years, with an agreed base purchase of $101 billion; diagnostic test of autonomous product ec.
The agent is included in the national health insurance catalogue and the “ec+mic card” nodule product matrix is expected to have a synergistic effect; 23 prices.
Three-quarterly review of Ji-feng Bio 300122-2021: Performance meets expectations, looks forward to a new paragraph, and the R & D pipeline is about to harvest. We adjust the company’s profit forecast, and we expect significant growth in agent product revenues and reduced demand for new crown vaccines. In 2022, the company achieved a revenue of $38,264 million.
(b) Agent products: income of $34.975 billion (+67.09 per cent) was achieved, of which 4 and 9 per cent of the Hpv vaccine was distributed year round.
Not to achieve the bulk issuance of 1.03 million (+59.37 per cent) and 15.48 million (+51.65 per cent), the five-price rotavirus epidemic Māori rates and net interest rates have decreased compared to previous years' levels, and the cost of sales has improved. The scale effect of the model increase in Māori sales by companies in 2022 and the cost of sales by companies has continued to improve.
Figure 6: Changes in Twilight Flying Biocosts for three and a half years, with basic purchases expected to exceed 100 billion. On 21 January 2023, Twilight Flying signed the Supply, Distribution and Co-Promotion Agreement between Biology and Mossatón, which will be the exclusive home of the Twilight Flying Organism.
The value of the agreed base purchase between the second half of the year and the end of 2026 amounted to $101 billion; the base purchase amount could be adjusted in consultation, taking into account the 4/9-priced hpv vaccine and the five-priced rota disease in the company agent variety.
The demand for end-uses, such as poison vaccines, is high, with actual purchases in 2021 and 2022 floating at 43 per cent and 75 per cent of the agreed base purchase amounts, respectively, and it is expected that actual purchases in the future may still be higher than the agreed base procurements. The R & D pipeline is rich and gradually entering the harvest period. The company currently has 28 autonomous R & D pipelines, 16 of which are in place.
At the clinical stage, eight synergized product matrices were formed: cerebral, pneumonia, intestinal tract, tuberculosis, multiple seedlings, new outbreaks of infectious disease, adult vaccines, upgraded vaccines, etc. Of these, 23 valorized pneumonia multi-sugar vaccines were reported and processed, 2-fold human blizzards, 4-price influenza vaccines received ph3 clinical summary reports, 15 valent pneumonia
A combination of several varieties, such as vaccines, is in a state of advanced clinical stages, and the pipeline is gradually entering the harvest period. Investment proposals: significant growth in corporate agent product revenues, renewal of the contract with the new agent in Mercerton, three and a half years, agreement of $101 billion for basic procurement; incorporation of the autonomous product ec diagnostic reagents in the country
The Domestic Health Insurance Directory, the “ec+mic card” nodule product matrix, is expected to create synergies; 23-priced multi-sugar vaccine reports, many of the products under study have been clinically summarized or are in a state of advanced clinical stages, and the development of pipelines is about to meet the expected sales of the bovine bacterium vaccine; and the risk of major changes in the global new crown epidemic.
Schedule: Comparable corporate valuation tables Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understandings, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author