The seafood industry, with its 4q17 revenue recognized as conservative and 18 years of successful completion of the target, has published 17 years of annual reports. The seafood industry has achieved a revenue of $14.58 billion in 17 years, an increase of 17.1 per cent, a net gain.
35.30 billion dollars, a 24.2 per cent increase in the same year, 17 years of income growth slightly exceeded the target of 16 per cent at the beginning of the year, high-end soy sauce and americium.
In the seafood industry, 17 years of the year's review: higher-end soy sauce and aphid oil revenue grew faster. According to the annual report, 17 years of aphid oil revenue increased on a year-on-year basis by about 20%, faster than the mid-end base soy (10%+), lower-end sauce.
Oil (number of digits). (2) Channels: catering channels perform relatively well. With the 17-year rise in the catering market, we judge that 17-year-old catering channels are better off, and based on grass root research, it is estimated that 50-60 per cent of the proceeds from circulation and catering channels are on the whole line.
Income of 4q17 was lower than expected, but the problem was small, with income recognition being conservative, interlocking, non-favourable 24.2 per cent higher than the 17-year net profit on a year-on-year basis, faster than income growth and faster growth in the 4q17 net profit. The Māori rate was the main driving force behind the 17-year increase in profit margins, with the 17-year overall Māori rate at 45.7 per cent for the Sea.
Net gains of 20% performance target. (1) Channels sank: 17 years of sea-day sales, network coverage increased by more than 10% over the same period, with 17 years of sinking from the city to the town to the village level, and 18 years of sinking, as measured by channel strategy, expected to be distributed in 18 years.
The number of businesses increased by about 50 per cent over the same period. (2) The product structure is constantly being upgraded: according to grass-roots studies, it is estimated that revenue from high-end soy sauce in 17 years was 40 per cent higher than revenue from soy sauce, that there is a marked trend towards product structural upgrading, that the downswing of channels has been slower than expected, that the cost of raw materials has risen significantly, and that competition in the industry has intensified.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc.
(1) Class: Higher-end soy sauce and aphid oil revenue increases faster. According to the annual report, revenue from aphid oil increased by 21.7% in 17 years on a year-on-year basis, faster than soy sauce (16.6%), low-end soy sauce (digits).
Figure 5. 17 years of revenue from other spices increased by 18.3 per cent on the same basis (2): better distribution of catering channels and faster growth of ka channels. With 17 years of continuing food markets, we decide that 17 years of sales of seafood can be better off, and based on grass-roots research, it is estimated that circulation and catering channels account for the share of proceeds in total line products.
Over the past two years, it has been estimated that, based on company-channel strategies, revenue from the ka channel has increased faster than the circulation and catering channels by 20% + per cent in 17 years. 4q17 income is lower than expected, but it is not problematic, and income recognition is conservative, misstated, non-taste revenue disruption.
In terms of advance payments, 4q17 additional advance receipts increased by 26 per cent on a year-on-year basis, indicating positive fund-raising by distributors and an estimate of good actual sales. (2) Spring peaks: 18 spring peaks, and back-to-back delivery points. 18 spring days are 20 days later than 17 years, with the main lead stocking points from December
In addition, the market of the 4q16 Sea Day segment was restructured and the market was quickly released. (3) Non-favourite revenue disruptions: an estimated 4q17 non-favourite revenue was disrupted, 2h17 non-favourable income fell by $400 million on a year-on-year basis, while 2h16 increased by 170 million on a year-on-year basis and 1h17 increased by 130 million on a year-on-year basis. Non-favorite income is mainly from the sale of raw materials, waste and investment in real estate operations.
Revenues from rents, etc. 17 years net gain increased by 24.2 per cent over the same year, faster than income growth, and 4q17 net profit continued to grow faster. Māori rate was the main driver of 17 years of profit increase. 17 years of overall Māori for the Sea, 45.7 per cent, an increase of 1.7 pcts, and 4q17 Mān over the same year.
Classes and aphids increase by 0.7 pct and 0.9 pct, respectively. Cost increases are small over the 17-year period. Sales, management, financial rates increase by 0.9 pct, flat and decrease by 0.2 pct, respectively. The 17-year increase in sales costs is estimated to be mainly due to: (1) continuous branding investment, with a 37 per cent increase in advertising fees over the 17-year period; (2)
As a result of price increases and increased market promotion efforts, the price of sales has increased by 49% over the same 17 years. 17 years of advertising and promotion fees have risen faster than the cost of sales (1) Channels have sunk: according to the annual report, 17 years of sea-day distribution network coverage has increased by more than 10% over the same period, and with 17 years of sea-day sinking from city to county to town and village to channel strategy, 18 years of sea-day channels are expected to sunk faster, and 18 years of sales are projected to be the same number of dealers.
(2) The product structure has been upgraded: according to root studies, it is estimated that 17 years of high-end soy sauce revenue has exceeded 40% of soy sauce revenue, and production has been upgraded, not excluding China from imposing tariffs on American imports of soybeans, but we believe that the impact can be absorbed. According to the Seatroll and subsequent price changes, soybean purchases account for about 20% of the total, with some impact if the tariff is imposed, though it is expected to be significant.
A large number of soybean costs have been targeted for 18 years by Seaday through a price-fixing contract. (3) Sales rates are expected to drop: Seaday raised prices in December of 16 years, followed by a marked increase in support for price increases, 2q17 sales lines sank less than expected, raw materials costs have risen significantly, and industry competition has intensified.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)