Chinese certificate, huayuansecurities, 26/05/2024.
Terrestrial organisms (600161.sh) - The number of blood products has increased significantly during the 1455s. The company is the leader of the country's blood products, and it controls a national drug group with great potential to grow in the future.
Two major asset recapitalizations in the year 13505240001, with the company now serving as a platform for blood products under the Chinese biological flag, effectively controlling the National Drug Group, and strong central enterprises directly managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council that focus on life and health. In 2023, the public,
The Department achieved revenue of $5.18 billion, a slurry volume of 2,415 tons, and 102 slurry stations. In terms of revenues, slurry and slurry stations, the company is the leader of a domestic blood company, which seeks to become China's leading, international first-class blood company, which acquired multiple slurry stations during the 1455s, and is more powerful in controlling the drug complex.
\triangleright $135052440001 Slurry scale continued to be a national leader, with companies owning 59 slurry stations at the end of 2020 (of which 59 are in)
55 battalions), as of March 2024, the company owned 102 slurry stations (of which 80 were in camps), and the Department obtained 43 new slurry stations in the first three years of the fourteen-five-year period, reflecting the company ' s strong power to take new slurry stations in the blood industry, which also increased from 1713 tons in 2020 to 2415 tons in 2023.
The steady growth of stations and slurry is laying the foundation for the company’s future performance. Given the position and strength of the real-time pharmaceutical industry in China, we judge that in the future, space life is expected to gain new saturated slurry levels in the future, and that there is much room for a ton of slurry profits. In the product ladder, Chengdu is the fourth to be born.
\triangleright is already on the market (10%) and the product is more clinically safe and efficient than the third generation, considering that the market for blood products in developed overseas countries is mainly dominated by diagnoses, and we believe that the product will be in the future.
The market potential is one of the main drivers of future company profits in terms of ton magma. In terms of other products, the recombinant condensation factor in Chengdu is in the process of applying for a public permit if it has already been approved for listing, the human condensation enzyme in the human fibre proteins and in the Lanzhou blood system.
Research and development topics such as blood factor Via are in the iii clinical trial phase, and the company ' s successor product ladder is relatively well developed and does not promise continuous improvement in the company ' s ton profit level. \triangleright
Thirty-four, twenty-eight, and twenty-three times. We've used Parlin biology, Boya, Wallan biology, and Shanghai Lace as examples of companies that take into account the fact that the company is artificially controlled by the National Drug Group, that the number of slurry stations acquired during the 1455s has been higher, that the amount of slurry has increased significantly in recent years, and that we believe that companies will continue to grow well in the future, covering the first “buy-in” rating.
\triangleright twice as much. We've used Perlin, Boya, Wallam and Shanghai as comparable companies, considering that the company actually controls the National Drug Group, that the number of slurry stations acquired during the 1455s has increased considerably in recent years, and that we believe that the future is in the future.
Corporate growth remains strong, with first coverage given to “buy-in” ratings. 1) Silicon C: In recent years, as a result of the high incidence of respiratory diseases, the rate of awareness among doctors and consumer groups has increased significantly, the effects of early industrial static promotion have been more common, and penetration and usage are lower.
3) Other blood products: In view of the small amount of income and the subsequent listing of multiple products, we assume that the company was one of the first countries to start industrializing blood products in the country, and that in recent years, after two major asset restructurings in 2010 and 2017, the company is now a flat blood product under the Chinese biological flag.
The company is the leader of the country ' s blood industry and aims to become a leading Chinese, world-class blood industry, based on income, slurry and slurry stations.
The risk of increased competition in the market: slurry increases less than expected.
One of the enterprises in industrial production is the National Pharmaceuticals Group, which is the real controller of the company, and China Biotechnology Inc., which is the owner of the public domain. The company’s coverage of the endpoints remains a national leader and has a wide range of coverage. By the end of 2023, the Department’s coverage of the end of the year had reached a total of 40,000, and has largely achieved the focus of the major provincial and municipal areas, except Hong Kong and Atota.
The company went through two asset restructurings in 2010 and 2017. In 2017, in order to resolve the issue of competition between other companies and Tianxuan organisms in the field of vaccines, the company transferred North Life Research and Changchun Jianjian, which contained vaccine operations, to the controlling shareholder Chinese life, while Chinese biology transferred Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lanzhou blood.
The state blood system, together, is incorporated into the Tiandu branch of the Sky Tree. After the reorganization, the planetariums stopped operating the vaccine business. The main reason for this is considered to be the 23q1 high base, but the net profit of the mother is 317 million yuan, a 20.9 per cent increase compared to the previous year, owing to factors such as the price of the product, cost control, etc.
Figure 2: Net profits from the revenue and growth performance of the company 2018-2024q1 were higher than the targets set at the beginning of the year.
By the end of 2020, 59 (of which 55 were in camps) and by March 2024 102 (of which 80 were in camps), in the first three years of the fourteen-five-year period, the company acquired 43 new batch slurry stations, far more than other companies in the industry, reflecting the strong power of the slurry industry to take new slurry stations in the blood industry and the increase in the slurry volume of the company from 1713 tons in 2020.
In 2023, 2415 tons of slurry stations and slurry increased steadily, laying the foundations for a sustained future performance of companies The National Drug Group is strong: a central, life- and health-oriented enterprise directly managed by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, with more than 1,700 member enterprises, as well as State drug holdings (01099.hk), State drug holdings (600511.sh), State medicine
(60422.sh), Tai Chi (600129.sh), Nine Great Organisms (300406), luminous Organisms (002880), nine publicly listed companies, the National Medicines Group (NDG) has a wider profile in the field of health, and we appreciate the fact that the potential of the future new slurry plant for the Terrestrial Organism is being fully released with the NPG's empowerment.
Figure 7: Overview of pharmaceutical listing companies under the umbrella of the National Pharmaceutical Group (NDU) The NDU has continued to increase its profile in the area of blood products: in June 2023, the State Property Control Authority of the Quang District of Shenzhen City (hereinafter referred to as the Quang State Finance Authority) signed a Cooperation Agreement with Chinese biology, agreeing to the Qing State Finance Agency and the Chinese Biology Agency.
China Biology intends to establish a joint venture, with 49 per cent of the joint venture and 35.25 per cent of the company's total stock. This free transfer will result in a change in the company's controlling shareholders from the company's controlling shareholders to the company's intended joint venture, with Chinese biology becoming the company's indirect controlling shareholders, and the company's actual controlling person will be light.
The National Capital Authority has been changed to China Pharmaceuticals Group Ltd., and we believe that the NDC’s incorporation of light organisms fully reflects its long-term interest in blood plate formations. New varieties of silhouettes are expected to open the company’s and industry ceilings: in September 2023, 10% of the planetarium organisms were in concentrations.
The first and only single-sourced-in-country market-based layer-based meth-crystal process that effectively reduces resistance to a, antib, and the risk of an adverse response to the soluble blood. Compared to the third generation of meth-c, the meth-crystal-crystal is active and has a low rate of negative response, with better infusion safety and receptivity, and a large agent.
When used, it reduces the amount of infusion and hospitalization time. Groupa-andb-specificimmunofability chromatography: industry-scalation, gerber, s.,gaida,a.,spiegl,n.etal., Chinese Securities Study
Clinically, the epileptic form is highly sugar-free, seeps such as physical permeation with the human body, low risk of adverse nephrology in the heart and kidneys, and more suitable for patients with heart and kidney deficiencies, as well as elderly and child patients who are unable to withstand multi-liquidity.
Beds, reporting products, Thai biology (three-stage clinical completions) and Warland biology (three-stage clinical) are the main sources of the overseas market, which we believe will contribute to the rapid growth of the market as a whole, with the subsequent manufacturers taking up the market, market literacy and product awareness.
In other research products, Chengdu's Recondensed Man Coagulation Factor 11 has been approved for listing, the human fibrous proteins and the Lanzhou Blood System's HCOS complex are in the process of being approved for listing; the research and development of IPIs under Chengdu Roon's skin, proteins, recombination of human blood factors with injections, Via, etc., is in the ii clinical trial phase, followed by the company's production.
The escalators are well developed and it is expected to improve the company ' s ton magma profit level continuously in the future. 2. Profit forecasting and valuation 1) Qingc: In recent years, Qingc has gained awareness among doctors and consumer groups as a result of the high incidence of respiratory diseases.
Largely uplifted, with a more moderate combination of early industrial static promotion, penetration and usage rates at lower levels of water 3) and other blood products: given the small amount of income and the subsequent large number of products to be marketed, let's assume that the company's real-life drug group is being considered using Parlin, Boya, Warland and Shanghai as comparable companies.
The number of slurry stations acquired during the 1455s was high and the volume of slurry has increased significantly in recent years, and we believe that companies will continue to grow well in the future, covering for the first time an “buy-in” rating. 1) The volume of slurry increases less than expected. The amount of slurry is influenced by a number of factors, if the company does not manage the slurry stations well.
There may be a risk that the slurry will fall short of expectations in the future. 2) There is a risk of increased competition in the market. Some blood companies have increased their slurry in recent years, and their future or presence in the market accurately reflects their personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.