In the long term, blood products belong to the family.
In the high barrier resource track, the company is expected to achieve stability with endogenous growth and expansion.
Eighty-eight, with 79 operating single plasma stations collecting 2415 tons of plasma, or about 20 per cent of the total slurry in the domestic industry. Since 2021, the number of slurry stations in companies has grown faster, and the stock of new slurry stations is very high, with 24 stations not yet in operation.
In the future, as new slurry stations become operational and new ones mature, performance is expected to materialize as the slurry rises. In addition, three companies are building productive capacity (Changdoo Life and Escort Zone, Shanghai Blood Project Yunnan, Lanzhou Blood State Project) and designing all productive capacity.
For 1,200 tons, after delivery, six blood production bases have a capacity of about 5,000 tons, which is expected to increase profitability in terms of the efficiency of the slurry and the combined use of the slurry sources. The company currently has a low rate of slurry efficiency, mainly because of new slurry stations that drag single station levels; the company has more variety layouts.
The income structure, however, tends to be predominantly low-māori varieties, dragging overall Māori rates and tonics. In the future, as the company’s slurry station moves into maturity, and new varieties are developed, there is a greater room for growth in both the company’s slurry efficiency and the combined use of the plasma, driving up the ton of slurry.
The company maintains a leading position in the domestic industry in the area of recombinant human condensation factors and human immune protein products, with more than a dozen blood products and genetic recombinant products in the pipeline, with an emphasis on high-concentration human immune eggs.
New products such as white, blood-based condensation factors, recombinant condensation factors, microprotein formulations.
In 2023, Chengdu was the country's first-generation fourth-generation method developed and developed autonomously at a concentration of 10%, and the Human Immunoglobin (ph4) was approved for listing. The new product is expected to optimize the company's income structure.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: high barrier characteristics, stable demand for blood products, a high degree of success in blood products, a high level of approval at the slurry station, based on research into industry and companies.
Risk factors: Risk of inadequate supply of raw materials, risk of increased slurry costs, product development, background of a shareholder, lead in blood products, 1.1 national platform for blood products operations, six blood products enterprises
After two major recapitalizations in 2010 and 2017, it focused on blood products, which were under the control of Duong Sheng, Lanzhou blood system, Shanghai blood system, Wuhan blood system, Guizhou blood system, and Xian blood industry six blood products. As of 2023, the company was reported to be autonomous in 16 provinces of the country.
There are 102 single plasma stations (80 operating and 22 preparing) that are the largest blood producers in the country.
In Beijing, Changchun, Chengdu, Lanzhou, Shanghai and Wuhan, six bioproducts research and development companies were jointly formed as one of our integrated biopharmaceutical enterprise groups.1.2 The scale of performance has steadily increased, with proteins and semen contributing the main performances.
In recent years, companies have made full use of productive capacity to increase plasma delivery while increasing marketing efforts, blood production and split company revenues and Māori, proteins and methaqualone, both contributing more than 40 per cent and Māori, respectively, cretins contributing between 8 and 12 per cent, and ceramics contributing between 12 and 20 per cent, as the Māori ratio of ceramic sub-products is higher than the Māori ratio.
High. With the company ' s new products on the market in the future, revenue and Maori structures are expected to be gradually optimized towards high-moric products. 1.3 Cost control levels are raised, cash flows are abundant. Revenue from the company ' s core business, blood products and Māori, have grown steadily, rising from $2.29 billion in 2018 to 2023
The combined cost rate of these costs has tended to decrease year after year in recent years, mainly as a result of the continued decline in the cost of sales by companies, which benefited from cost optimization, and the steady rise in net interest rates of companies in recent years.The net operating cash flow of companies in 2023 amounted to $2,394 million, mainly as a result of increased sales and changes in sales credit policies.
Cash sales returned increased, with an annual compound growth rate of 38.93 per cent since 2019.In the context of the United States of America, slurry station resources and terminal coverage lead the domestic industry by 2.1 blood products varieties and income scales.
The number of blood products is 15 in 2023, ranking first among the companies' owners, including human blood protein, human immunoglobin (ph4), tetanus immunoglobin, rabies, immunoglobin, hepatitis B, frozen dry immunoglobin B (ph4), and no one.
Epidemiological proteins, tissue ammonium immunoglobins, human coagulation agents viii, human fibrous proteins, 11, luminous organisms, 10, Boya organisms, 9 and Boyan innovations, 7.
In 2023, the company earned $5.162 billion in blood products, cutting off the part of Shanghai Lace imports, and ranked first among the seven listed companies in a share, with blood products earning from the highest to the lowest, respectively, from the above-mentioned organisms, Shanghai Lace, Warland, Pylin, Boya, Vegetables and Botanical Innovations.
Figure 13: Comparison of revenues from blood products from seven companies listed in the country: billions of yuan, 2.2 slurry stations, national industry leaders on the scale of the slurry, and affiliated blood products companies are actively exploring the resources of the slurry stations in the context of strategic collaboration with local drug groups.
In 2023, it was reported that the company ' s single plasma stations were located in 16 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, bringing the total number of single plasma stations to 102. Of these, the number of single plasma stations was 80, while the company ' s 79 operating single plasma stations produced 2415 tons of plasma, or about 20 per cent of the total volume of the country ' s industry, with the number of slurry stations and the size of the slurry leading the domestic industry.
Figure 14: Company slurry stations leading: one (2023) Figure 16: company slurry stations distributed over 16 provinces of the country with 2.3 end cover increases each year, with the highest percentage of central product cities
The sale pattern in the company’s domestic market is mainly the distribution of products through distributors to end-users such as medical establishments and retail pharmacies.
In the annual report, the company covered a total of more than 40,000 sales terminals, covering basically all major provinces and municipalities except Hong Kong and Atota. In 2022, the company covered 13,000 pharmacies, with 3,100 secondary and higher medical facilities, an increase of 5.77 per cent over the same year.
There is a high demand for protein terminals. The domestic market for human blood proteins is relatively high, with imports being higher in 2023. Figure 19: Domestic sales of human blood protein sample hospitals and the same rate of increase. Figure 20: Proportion of imports of sample hospitals and sales of nationally produced proteins.
Based on the pattern of competition in the domestic market for human blood and protein, sample hospital sales accounted for 33.29 per cent of Thai organisms, 14.02 per cent of Shanghai cuisine (including the import distribution component) and 13.69 per cent of planetary organisms, respectively, compared to the top three manufacturers.
Based on the pattern of the Still-C Competition, the sample hospital sales were 23,48% for Thais, 19.89% for Tianxians, and 17,22% for Sichuan Daes. According to the logic of blood products development and industry patterns, the size of the enterprise depends on the size of the raw material plasma collection.
The total number of slurry stations increased from 58 in 2019 to 102 in 2023; of these, the number of slurry stations increased from 6 in 2020 to 24 in 2021, 32 in 2022 and 22 in 2023, indicating a significant increase in the stock of slurry resources since 2021.
The number of slurry stations licensed in 2023 shows that the slurry station is entering the harvest period from its new construction to its beginning. As the slurry of the company’s stock and the new slurry station climbs to maturity, the company’s blood product revenues are expected to grow further.
Figure 24: Total number of company slurry stations and number of off-site slurry stations: 1 Figure 25: Number of new company slurry stations and number of permits obtained for slurry: 1 Single station slurry levels are lower than their counterparts, mainly due to the company ' s leadership in the company ' s slurry-scale industry
The number of new slurry stations has increased in recent years, and some of them are still in the slope phase, with new slurry stations pulling down the entire single station, so that it can be seen that the company's slurry volume has been decreasing over the last two years. The new slurry stations and slurry levels are at the heart of the company's future performance growth, and the company has a powerful single slurry station that has been approved as it is built.
Growing up, company slurry efficiency is expected to continue to improve, and single-station slurry is expected to reach industry leadership levels. Figure 26: Single-station slurry by companies listed in blood products: tons (2023) Figure 27: company-slipped slurry by single-stations for the last two years: tons
3.2 Product matrices expand profitability, and R & D layout drives companies to grow over the long term
Parity is relatively weak, mainly because the company is late in condensing its blood-causing sub-class layout, and the structure of the product is mainly tilted toward lower-than-mori rates of proteins and selenoms. According to the logic of blood-based enterprise development and industry rules, the increase in the profitability of the ton magma depends on the development of new products, and the more profitable the product variety is.
A few years ago, with the accelerated roll-out of cavity factor sub-products, the company’s plasma utilization rate increased and there was much room for growth in both the Māori rate and the ton-silk profit levels. As of 2023, the company had more than a dozen blood products and genetic restructuring products in the pipeline, and the company was surrounded by blood friends.
Among other things, rare diseases such as diseases, immuno-deficiency, severe infections, etc., create multi-species R & D pipelines that focus on high-level concentrations of people free of epidemic proteins, blood source condensation factors, recombinant condensation factors, microprotein formulations, etc., and maintain a national leadership in the area of research and development of human condensation factors and human immune protein products.
Control and prevention of haemorrhage of patients with haemophiliaa (a congenital coagulation factor viii deficiency).
The company is the only company in the current blood industry that has been able to re-organize and market its human celebratory factor products. In 2023, the first domestic fourth-generation layering process, developed autonomously by Chengdu Yongsheng, was awarded 10 per cent of human immunoglobin (ph4).
3.2.1 The country's first four-generation monolysed ethanol is now marketed in most companies using low-temperature ethanol in their preparation processes, with only ivig products with a protein concentration of 5% listed. The traditional cryogenic ethanol separation is based on at least three sedimentary steps and takes longer.
In the ivig formulations produced by thermoethanol method, the relatively high levels of immunoglobina (iga) are likely to cause allergies among the poor in the iga. The use of sugar as a stabilizer poses a potential risk to patients with impaired kidney function, which may increase the probability of renal dysfunction and acute renal failure.
Control, the layer-purification process can remove the remaining proteins in the plasma and bring the substances such as proteins and rotor proteins down to very low levels. At the same time, the concentration of proteins to 10% via superfiltration is reduced to a shorter time for the patient's bets. In September 2023, Chengdu's first layer-silent, developed autonomously, was put on the market and produced in production processes and harvesting rates.
At the international level, such as the quality of products, many quality indicators are higher than the standards of the European Pharmacy and the Pharmacology Code of the People ' s Republic of China. Clinical effectiveness and safety have been significantly improved. The first country has introduced 10 per cent high protein concentrations, sugar-free formulations and 20 nm filters, with faster clinical effectiveness and patients.
Hospitalization time has been reduced, and the rate of adverse response has been reduced. 10% of the epidemiology process in Boya, Warland and Taizhou, Guizhou, is currently in clinical stage three, with the company producing the first four generations of medium in the country. Internationally, cslbehring, bioproductslab, grifols,
Several businesses, such as Shire, have been listed on the market, with a more competitive pattern. 3.2.2 Reorganizing human constriction factor viii was approved for listing.
In the case of adults and adolescents (aged 12 years), control and prevention of haemophiliaa (pregenital coagnoses viii) haemorrhage were the only enterprises in the country, the fourth in the world, with both blood sources and a recombinant coagulation of blood viii, which is the only current layout of the blood products industry in the country.
Injecting recombinant human constriction factor viii is mainly applied to control and prevention of haemophiliaa haemorrhage, which is a rare drug that the state encourages to develop. From the standpoint of domestic competition, injecting recombinant human condensation factor viii participants include, inter alia, Wudan medicine, Bayer, Nord, Shinzhou cell, Wye, etc.
Subviii was listed in 2021, breaking the pattern of recombinant coagulation of non-national products, with high sales growth since listing. In 2023, recombinant coagulation of coagulation viii products was sold at an estimated 1.78 billion yuan a year, an increase of 3.3 per cent in the layout of the base for producing blood products, matching the demand for performance growth.
In terms of capacity planning, there has been a significant increase in construction work under way since 2018. In 2018, the Qingan Blood Project promoted the consolidation of the work in progress; in 2023, construction was increased to 2 billion, mainly for the restructuring of the Factor Workshop Project, the Lanzhou Project, which, as of 2023, reported that Chengdu was investing in a new Qingan plant in the International Biocities Park in Chengzhou City, Sichuan Province.
The Shanghai blood system invests in the new Yunnan Project in the New Middle District of Kunming City, Yunnan Province, and the Land Blood Project in the State of Lanzhou, Gansu Province, in the new Lanzhou Project in the High Technology Development Area. The above three blood production bases have designed production capacity of 1,200 tons and contain products such as proteins, proteins, and factors.
As of 2023, the Young-Ann plant area was reported to be operational, and in the future, as the Yunnan project and the Lanzhou project gradually became operational, the company would have three single-plant slurry capacity, over 1,000 tons of blood production bases, and synergies. At the same time, the company accelerated the digitization of blood sources.
The completion of the deployment and use of some of the slurry station cloud platform projects and the acceleration of the development of slurry stations. 1) Protein and slurc: the capacity of the company ' s slurry station resources is high, the number of new slurry stations has steadily increased since 2021, and the company ' s annual slurry is expected to grow steadily as the new slurry station becomes operational and the new slurry station matures.
The increase in labour costs is expected to increase costs, and the scale effect of the increase in slurry is expected to be low, so I (2) Celebrosis-type other blood products: based on company variety layout and income structure, the sale of C.E.C. products has not yet started, and C.I. blood-types are expected to increase in the future as C.I. products and new products are developed
Production revenues are expected to grow steadily on a low base, with Māori rates at reference levels, high barrier characteristics, stable demand for blood products, company leader in blood products, slurry station approval capability, and based on research on industry and companies, we expect a net return profit for the company in 2024/2025/2026, respectively.
Risks of inadequate supply of raw materials, increased costs of slurry and less advanced product research and development than expected