On November 1, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Toonway, Liu Han Won, at a private business colloquium, had a rough turn, supported by performance in 2019.
The Secretary-General of Xi made three instructions and responses: 1) the concept of green development is firmly entrenched, and the nineteenth report proposes a transformation of energy to promote clean development. 2) One-size-fits-all policy is not sufficiently researched, informed by business, and is not well thought out.
(c) Fulfilling the commitments of the Paris Pact. On 2 November, the National Energy Agency held a symposium on development planning in the “13th Five-Five” photovoltaic industry.
2) Each year, the size of the subsidy should be reduced by a significant increase in the 13th Five-Year Construction Target, which is considered to be insufficient and more positive; 3) recognition of household management alone. (4) In the coming month, the National Energy Agency will focus on accelerating the implementation of the 2019 policy on the photovoltaic sector.
• A positive shift in the light-voltage policy and an upward shift in industry demand is expected to increase by 25 per cent in 2019 over the same period, as shown by the endorsement of the X-Secretary-General and the results of the Energy Agency's symposium, which is faced with a change in policy from a one-size-fits-all policy to a clear one-size-fits-all policy.
Positive statements were made, and while the quantitative policy was largely qualitative, it was expected to take time to fine-tune, but the bottom of the scale already appeared. According to the East Wu Electric Group, domestic and global loads were projected at 40gw in 2018 and 95gw in 2018, respectively.
35gw). +25%. +20gw. +26%.  Policies are expected to further reduce non-technical costs and accelerate the parity process. +25%. +25%.
Bioenergy taxes. As photovoltaic companies have been driving down technological costs and gaining access to the Internet at affordable prices in recent years, non-technical costs such as land, external lines, financial costs, industrial support, etc., have become an important factor in the rapid decline in the price of photovoltaic power in the country.
The price of the chain has been significantly reduced by 30-40%, and the average price of the pec at the photovoltaic power station has been reduced to $4.0-4.5/w, respectively. We believe that the follow-up policy is expected to further compress the non-technical costs and that the price of the photovoltage chain will accelerate as it continues to fall.
The cost of photovoltaic systems is expected to reach around $3-3.5/w (with a 30% + + reduction space compared to the current $4-4.5 level), and the cost of photovoltaic power will fall below 0.3 %/degree. The global photovoltaic industry will have a “global flat access cycle” of more than 15 years.
The market believes that the slump in the photovoltaic industry will affect the execution of hand orders and new orders, and the actual 2018H1 crystallized over 2 billion orders for photovoltaic equipment; by the end of q3, the company was not finished.
We believe that, with the next policy of liberalizing the size of the installed aircraft, Crystal 1, Crystal Power (300316), cash, high-strength central rings and other photovolunteers, are expected to benefit from continued downstream expansion and single crystal replacements, 2019.
Fluctuation continues to improve, semiconductor operations increase, annual photovoltaic operations income is strongly supported, and is expected to grow at a high rate by the price parity of 2020.
The globalization of the semiconductor layout of the company has stabilized, with semiconductor operations entering the order breakout period.
As expected, semiconductor orders are expected to accelerate to 80%. Global semiconductor silicon missing will continue until 2021, benefiting from semiconductor industry landings.
In China, more than 60 billion yuan has been planned for investment in large silicon tablets in China, and in the next three years, half-conductor silicon pieces have been set up.3 The crystals (30031.6): 400 billion yuan is needed, and domestic equipment companies will face historic opportunities.
Carrie orders landed! Semiconductor performance begins.  Profit forecast and investment rating: the company is expected to earn $2.3 billion and $2 billion, respectively, in 2018-2019; semiconductor revenue is projected to be $300 million and $800 million, respectively, and sapphire income is projected to be $100 million and 100 million, respectively.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board