Cash flow continues to improve, semiconductor operations increase profitability 27 October 2018  stock orders sustain high performance growth of 2018 and semiconductor orders are expected to accelerate landings
The market believes that the slump in the PV sector will affect the execution of hand orders and new orders, and that the actual 2018h1 crystals together acquire more than 2 billion photovoltaic equipment orders and continue to steadily develop overseas markets and obtain large Hanhua orders, based on years of strategic cooperation with the Central Ring, Crystal, Jinghua, etc.
The report also revealed that the company had received over 450 million orders for semiconductor equipment in the first half of the year (including a contract with the Central Circle Lead Semiconductor Materials Company Ltd. for semiconductor single-crystal, cut-off, roller equipment, totalling $40 million in gold), and that the company semiconductor 8 inches of single-crystals were now supplied in bulk, 12 inches of single crystals.
Further deployment of processing equipment such as stoves and grinders, cutters, etc., to mainstream clients and orders are expected to be fast-tracked.As at the end of q3, the company had not completed a total of 2,87 billion contracts (including semiconductor equipment of 171 million), of which 513 million were for all deliveries and 1,988 million were partially shipped, but not yet arrived
The contract value for the delivery period is $369 million. (The above contract amounts include value added tax amounts.) There is a significant increase in profitability over the same period, and good cost control over the same period, as well as a significant improvement over +4.4 pct. In our view, the most significant reason for the increase in profitability is the company.
High Maori semiconductor equipment operations begin to recognize an increase in income and share of total revenue, and in the future the overall Māori ratio of companies will continue to rise as semiconductor equipment orders continue to land. The cost for the company is 14.37%, compared to 0.2pt. The cost of sales is 1.92%.
Funding investment amounted to $45.69 million, reflecting the continued high level of research and development inputs from companies. 1 q1 q3 + 80 million net operating cash flows, of which q3 was +232 million in the first quarter of the year, resulting in an improvement in the net operating cash flow of one season and an acceleration in the receipt and inspection of orders
Market expectations, in particular q2 - 10.6 million, q1 - 140 million, have improved significantly, indicating that the Department’s client repayments have not been affected by the elimination of the photovoltaic subsidy policy. We analyse the reasons for this, mainly because the three-quarterly accounts receivable + the notes receivable ring is down.
1 Crystal Gear Power (300316), reported in billions, indicates that the receipt and inspection of company orders is accelerating and that the cash flow is expected to continue to improve over the next six months.
▪ Diversity of layout in semiconductor areas, synergizing lights, 2, Crystal Power (300316), 400 million and a half of Korea's current cooperation in the field of polishing materials and will also be channelled through Japanese subsidiaries
The semiconductor's performance began with the creation of Sun Company, in partnership with the Pramett Company, to refine the precision parts of semiconductor equipment.
Business. We believe that these two partnerships help companies to integrate semiconductor equipment with materials, and the crystals engine power (300316), the photovoltaic industry base, to further strengthen the whole-line capacity in the area of large silicons.
The New Deal's Impact Assessment on Crystal Gestures — Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: The Company is expected to earn $2.3 billion in photovoltaic revenues in 2018-2019, $2 billion in semiconductor revenue conservatively projected at $300 million, $1 billion in sapphire revenues, respectively
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board