Three-quarter review 2021: performance phase pressure, strategic investment, continuous growth, looking forward to digital, electro-dynamic development.
Events: The company issued three-quarterly reports in 2021: $87,718 million in operating income in the first three quarters of 2021, or +54 per cent of the year; the parent net profit was $12,567 million, or +091 per cent of the year, in line with market expectations. The company’s performance period was dominated by seasonal market movements, fluctuations in raw material prices and increased strategic inputs.
▪ Seasonal fluctuations in the market + price increases in raw materials, three-quarter performance periods, 1971 sales in the machine industry, compared with 51%. Concrete machinery and cranes fluctuated more during the three-quarter period, mainly in July of this year, with heavy fuel vehicle implementing countries changing by six regulations, q3 pre-industry stock cleaning up in the country’s five stocks, and early overdrafting of part of the market demand.
In a single-quarters business, we expect to be affected by an environmental switch, by an upgrade in real estate regulation, and by the impact of the company ' s concrete panels on each other; by the wind and power upturn of the cranes abroad, and by the higher-than-high-tonne hanger ratio; and by the higher rate of dredging, which is more stable than ever. The market demand is expected to improve than it is when the q4 enters the industry ' s traditional boom season, and the impact of the environmental switch is diminishing.
Millions of dollars, netting off the impact, are still positive. Industry returns are at low risk, companies are at a historically low rate of default, and assets are of sound quality.
The company’s profitability is expected to rise as lighthouse plants become operational, downstream demand returns, and prices of raw materials return to normal. The firm’s strong R & D investment in the “two new triads” area, with a single-quarter R & D rate of 6.48% for q3 in 2021.
Newly high. Electric engineering operations are starting to run. q3 electric engineering vehicles (mixed + self-loaded) are growing rapidly, and the annual sales are expected to reach 1,000. The value of electric engineering vehicles is more than twice as high as that of conventional engineering vehicles, and the Māori rate is significantly higher.
With the introduction of carbon-related policies, we expect that corporate electrodynamic products will continue to be released over the next few years as a major growth point in performance. Volatility, increased investment to enhance future confidence – vision 2022: cranes, digger plates develop robustly, electric hybrid cars contribute to a completely new growth point.
A further $1.4 trillion in earmarked debt in 2021 is expected to be released by the end of the year, leading to the consolidation of large-scale capital projects. Looking ahead, in 2022, the company has three main sectors of business: (1) concrete machinery: affected by the decline in the area of real estate start-up/investment, and condensed quarterly reviews: performance in line with expectations.
The domestic demand of earth machines is high and the electric mixer is entering the performance period and is expected to spread the pressure on revenue; (2) cranes: full-time, long-drawn Alpha on a continuous basis; wind and power markets continue with high demand for large-ton tethers, and revenue is expected to grow robustly; (3) excavators: excavators are required overseas
In order to thrive and sustain the flow of blood to the company, the Indonesian factory was built in 2022, overseas revenues are expected to rise further, and the impact of property/capital fluctuations on the demand for excavators has been weakened in the country, and we expect steady and positive growth in the company’s excavation plate business.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board