Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • Core view: Performance is largely in line with expectations.
Industry entered a period of adjustment, with weaker demand performance and lower incomes; 2 market prices led to a reversal, with firms as a whole remaining more competitive in the market and a steady rise in the city’s share against a backdrop of a slowdown. On the one hand, digitalization improved corporate profitability in the future, bringing together 21 lighthouse plant rehabilitation schemes.
On the other hand, the internationalization strategy is expected to smooth the impact of fluctuations in the domestic market cycle, and the size of overseas revenues is expected to remain at over 60 per cent of the increase, with the share of total revenue continuously rising. The corporate “buy-in” rating is maintained.
• During the domestic market adjustment phase, the company Alpha highlighted the steady rise in the city’s occupancy rate and the success of the internationalization strategy. The sector as a whole performed poorly in the last three quarters, owing to short-term factors, such as restricted production, electricity restrictions, and a rebound in the epidemic, on the one hand, and real estate policies, on the other, which stifled demand for equipment in the market.
In large numbers, the market share has risen steadily, based on a competitive advantage in all aspects of the company's channels, management, services, and products. Sub-products: 1 excavator plate: the company has continued the trend in recent years, maintaining the industry first, and the mixed car market slightly increased; 3 cranes: the car crane market.
In the sub-markets, the company’s overseas earnings have continued to grow at a high rate of more than 20% a year. In the face of overseas markets, companies insist on home-grown R & D, services and operations, and the same thing.
With the expansion of income patterns in overseas markets, the ability of firms to iron out fluctuations in the domestic single-market cycle has increased further.
Large-scale matching of channel support, maintenance of channel stability and dealer profit levels; 2 products/market structural changes, including low Mäori overseas sales of excavator plates, and low Mäori mixer vehicle revenues of concrete plates.
Increased R & D layout in the future, profit-making capacity in the short term, acquisition of supplies, smart manufacturing, and high cost of raw materials and freight, with limited impact on the overall M & A rate. Looking ahead, we expect companies to be able to maintain a stable M & A rate.
2. Performance is higher than expected and values are undervalued, on the one hand, with limited scope for falling prices for end-products and, on the other, high-quality enterprises will continue to exhibit a relatively good long-term Māori rate through new growth.
To increase the future of the R & D landscape, with Wang Qiang remaining, insisting on the future of the "two new triads" with a slight increase in the cost of the period: the first three quarters, high, were mainly due to increased investment in the development of channels by the internationalization strategy of the company and, on the other hand,
In 2021, q1-03, the company’s R & D costs were, respectively, assimilated, internationalized, automated products. Overall, in the first three quarters, the net interest rate of the company was 14.66, which was higher than the overall asset quality of the company, and the cash flow pressure was the result of three quarters of increased procurement payments.
Net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to 10.236 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.61 per cent over the same period; single q3, which is good at 68 days of working days due, further declining relative to the 2020 level, and repayment rates, which reduce the cash pressure of companies in the next quarter of the year, on the one hand, as follow-up purchases decline in size and rigid expenditures
On the other hand, firms smooth cash flows that are affected by procurement payments by building offshore financing platforms and strengthening business credit controls. In the future, global product competitiveness will continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The economy has experienced a sharp decline in economic growth and the impact of the capital shortboard has been less than expected; the opening of overseas markets has been hampered; and city, the Māori rate of Chart 3 has been pressured to drive the net interest rate down.
Figure 5 Increase in R & D investment, Chart 6 Quarterly Gross, Net Interest Rates, Figure 7 Operating Net Cash is roughly matched to Mothers' Net Profit
The economy has experienced a sharp decline in the pace of economic growth, which has not been as effective as expected; the opening of overseas markets has been hampered; and competition in the market has intensified. Detailed follow-up has been carried out on the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.