I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Lowmarketextactationofter3q21resources; electronicproducts buy and exporttoservesmediummdrivers
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I mean, for the comingquaters, soggestingtheothersignificantdowndownsideofvalationCurrentprice from thestabilizationof Grossmarginassharpincreaserawrealpriceand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm going to have to go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital, go to the hospital.
I don't know, cuttingedgetechnologyinelligentprodition. maintainbuyandtpofrm30, stockdata basedon14x2021epe.
• Clearmaponoverseasexpansion.accordingtosany, the company curentlyranksno.5in theglobalarket (expludingchina).sanynotonly ranksno.1in15countries (majorcourt:indonesia), butalsoranksno.2in
India, chileandphilippine.besides, Sanyhasalreadyachieved 5% market shareineachthecountriesincludingrussia, canada, france, ukandnew zealand.goingforward, sanywillcontinutthecusnotonlyonthe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, there's a lot more to it than there is, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it.
At the time of the incident, it was not possible to find out what was going on, but it was not possible to find out what was going on in the first place.
12-mthpriceperformance to excavatosalesinchinabeterthanindustry.sany'sexcavatosalesin chinagrew 13% yoyin9m21 with 3 pptmarketsharegainoy (+1.4 ppfor)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The carbonredding targetsinchinavegeredsignificincreaseinproceduralforereclectoric mixersfrodthelocalgovernments.sanydelevered~850unitsofelexectric
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
rmb4bn/8bn/10bnrevenuefromelectri cixerin 2022e/23e/25e. auditor:ruihuacpa relatedreports
chinastructionmachinery/ hdt-73q21earningpage; expect24-44% yooyeearnings
Constructionmachinery/hdtfaviablepolicyshift; defensivegrowthamidvolatile
I'm sorry, mackeret; upgradesanyheavy source: companydata, bloomberg, and bisestimats lighthousefactries constractioningoodprogress. sanyascompletedthe
I.e. smartfactors are underconstruction and mostosofewhowilbecompleted in 1h22e. recapon3q21resources.netprofitdropped 35% yoytorm 2.5bn, whichisbetter
By 13% yoytormb20.8bn, dueto stroongexportsales. Grossmarkarrowed 5.5 pptyoy/18 pptqoqto 24.9%. r&dexpensegrew4.5% yoytorm1.3bnandsanytargetstomaintina
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're not going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it for yourself, or (ii) the arepersons fallingwithinarticle49 (2) (a) to (d) ("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.") on theorder, andmaynotberovidetoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.