3rd heavy job (600031) 3rd quarterly review in 2021.
By the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved a yield of 88,281 million yuan, an increase of 20.23 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $12,567 million, an increase in the same year; the investment in research and development was constantly increasing, moving towards electric, digital, and intellectual motorization.
By the end of the third quarter, the company’s R & D costs were R & D inputs. In the first half of the year, 11 lighthouse plants had been built, with improved capacity, manufacturing cycles and automation.
The demand for concrete machinery has slowed, and the growth of cranes has been steady. The cumulative completion of capital and real estate fixed-asset investments has been declining since February 2021, from 1.52 per cent in September to 1.52 per cent in September, respectively.
8.80 per cent, with the downstream industry slowing down, the demand for engineering and mechanical equipment will decrease. The company excavator industry will grow faster than the industry, both within and outside the country, with large, medium and small-digger sales steadily, large and medium-diggered ratios increasing slightly, affected by the real estate industry, and the expected share of domestic excavation sales in q4 will be higher.
In the case of concrete machinery, affected by the decline in real estate start-up and investment, the demand for q3 concrete machinery is under pressure and q4 can be maintained.
With heavy machinery, the wind and power markets remain high, and the demand for heavy machinery is strong, and growth is expected to continue. Power-driven, digital, intelligent transformation is gradually completed, and lighthouse plants are being built.
The manufacturing cycle and automation rates are increasing, and companies will be more cost-effective. But, influenced by the industry’s low profile and rising raw materials prices, the company’s performance has been pressured for three quarters, and we have revised down the “market index” reference point of the company’s profit rating system to a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.