High-end strategic empowerment to push the 100-year-old beer back up.
The industry’s traditional incremental logic is difficult to sustain, and the product hierarchy is inevitable. With the upgrading of consumption structures and rising consumer health perceptions on August 17, 2021, the traditional incremental logic of the beer industry is unsustainable.
Since 2013, sales in the beer industry have declined. Between 2013 and 2020, our beer production in businesses larger than ours declined from 49,833 million litres to 34,110,000 litres; our beer sales in businesses larger than ours decreased from 50,287,000 litres to 40,488,000 litres.
With a combination of factors such as upgrading, a decline in the weight of beer consumption, and the growing popularity of current consumption, it is imperative that the beer product hierarchy move up. Our high-end beer market has great potential for future development, and there is room for further upswings in projected prices.
According to globaldata, the annual compound increase in the size of our beer market in 2018-2023 is 0.9 per cent, based on consumption, the annual average increase in the size of our beer market in 2018-2023 will be faster or faster than the industry average.
The beer market, which grew at an average compound rate of 4.9 per cent per year in 2018-2023, faces bottlenecks in its high-end incremental logic by value, but our high-end beer market is better suited to market development needs, and the high-end beer market has greater potential for future development.
Corporate high-end strategies are clear, and multi-dimensional layouts stimulate growth potential. In recent years, companies have been active in setting up high-end strategies to speed up the transition to high-value-added products represented by alcohol and refined products to better meet market demand. In 2020, companies launched 100-year trips, super-high-ends like Amber Lager.
New products, with a shift from “basic quality to characteristic quality” to “characteristic quality”. In addition, the Department has increased overall capacity utilization through short-term plant closures, innovatively created 1903 bars rich in consumer scenes, diversified marketing of products to companies using sports, music, joint p, etc.
Investment proposal: The company’s high-end logic is clear, profit elasticity is expected to release further, maintaining its “recommend” rating of the public department. As the disposable income of the population increases and health awareness increases, the government will be able to make the most of it.
The concept of consumption as “less alcohol, good wine” is gaining acceptance among consumers, the share of low-end beer in the market is shrinking, high-end beer is becoming more popular among consumers, and the high-end trend in the beer industry is becoming imperative. As a leader in the beer industry, the company’s product structure has been upgraded.
The strategy is clear, focusing on Qingjima’s brand and Xiaoshan’s second brand, and continuously shaping the charm of the brand through sports camps, music marketing, ip joint names, and star speech. As the public doubles, the “recommend” rating of companies is maintained.
The company was founded in 1903 in Qingdao City, Shandong Province, and its 100-year-old development has given the company a strong branding influence in the market. At present, the company's products are sold out to the United States, Ghana.
More than 100 countries and regions of the world, including Great Britain, are the world’s fifth largest beer producers. Of the world’s 500 largest brands released by the World Brands Laboratory in 2021, the brand value of Qingdao beer was 198566 million dollars, ranking first in the central beer industry for 18 years.
By August 17, 2021, the company's total market stood at $97,326 million, followed only by the Bwa and Huayun beer market in Hong Kong, where, according to the company's actual situation, we divided the company's development into five stages of initial development (1903).
Initial development (1903-1992): The wine factory was taken over by different subjects. After the Qingdao government took over, the wine factory was able to produce 100,000 tons. In 1903, German and British businessmen jointly formed the German beer company Qingdao stock in Qingdao, where the company produced about 2,000 tons a year. Japan began taking over Qingdao after the victory of the Russian war in 1914.
Since 1949, when the new China was established, the wine factory was taken over by the Qingdao People’s Government and renamed the State-run Qingdao Beer Factory. Since then, the company has been increasing its production, increasing the size of the brewery.
Purchase expansion period (1993-2001): after the company was listed, it actively acquired a beer factory to increase its market share. In 1993, the company was listed on the Hong Kong United Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the first company in our country to be listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and the first company in our country to be listed in both places. In 1994, the company acquired a bottle of beer in Yangzhou.
In 1996, when the president of the company changed in office, the new leader developed a strategy to “do what is best” for the real situation of the company, with the intention of continuing to raise its market share through the acquisition process. At this stage, the company was located in 17 provinces.
The acquisition of 47 liquor factories was completed, and the company’s output increased from 350,000 tons in 1996 to 2.51 million tons in 2001. As the acquisition of wine factories progressed steadily, the company’s operating income grew faster.
The dollar was reduced to $103 million in 2001, and the average annual compound increase in net profit attributable to the mother was -9.35 per cent.
Based on the above development strategy, the company optimized the previously acquired liquor mills and continued to streamline the brand matrix. In 2003, the company launched the “1+3” branding strategy, which is based on Qingdao beer, followed by Xiaoshan, Hans, Mountain Water.
In order to improve the efficiency of the company as a whole, in 2009 the company launched a business model called "Big Clients+Microbusiness". The model is based on strong, high-quality clients, with different models for the company's market presence in different regions. For example, in markets with a market rate of less than 10%, the company operates in different markets.
Using a “intensive model”, which selects a large number of small distributors by region and sells products directly to end consumers; using a “mixed model” in markets with a 10-50 per cent rate, which divides distribution areas according to the strength of the distributor, which can be distributed through two groups of distributors or can sell products directly to end consumers; and using a 50 per cent share in the market.
In the market, the company chooses the “exclusive model”, whereby the distributor is responsible for the distribution of products in the region, mainly through wholesale distribution, and some of the products are directed to high-impact end-users. As the company’s operations continue to be optimized, the company’s operating income has increased from $6,937 million in 2002 to $28,291 million in 2013, with an average annual compound increase.
After peaking production in the beer industry, the overall rate of growth slowed into a contractionary adjustment period. During this period, the company’s performance also suffered a certain shock. In 2014-2017, the company’s operating income fell to $26.277 billion, and high-end products such as ipa responded to market developments.
Strategic upgrade period (2018-present): Focusing on the Qingjima brand and Qingshan second brand, the high-end process continues to evolve, and brand influence continues to grow. In May 2018, the new president of the company proposed six strategic directions for the future development of the company: “brand leadership, innovation drive, quality first, efficiency priority, structural optimization, and coordinated development.”
At this stage, the company launched a 100-year tour of super-high-end new products, such as Amber Lager, with a steady increase in the sales of high-end products. From 2018 to 2020, the sales of high-end products in the company’s Aoshima brand increased from 21.54%.
22.89%. As a result of the high-end process, companies are actively promoting branding and upgrading their brand influence through a variety of marketing tools, such as sports, music, and joint ip. Market demand for beer products has recovered since the beginning of the year, as product structure is optimized and brand influence is increased at a rate of 24.41%.
In 2021q1, the company achieved an operating income of RMB 8,928 million, an increase of 41.87 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of RMB 1,022 million, an increase of 90.26 per cent over the same period, and an over-performance market expectation. Compared to 2019q1, the growth in the operating income of the company was 6.00 per cent, and the net profit to the mother of RMB 12.47 per cent.
The company's beer production process can be divided into sugar, fermentation, filtering, packaging. In the company's beer production, good-quality wheat sprouts and beer flowers are used as raw materials, and 100-year yeast is used to ferment beer to ensure the taste and quality of the finished product. At present, the company's beer production process can be divided into sugar, fermentation, filtering, packaging.
It's the process of making malt juice. The malt juice contains all the nutrients that are dissolved in the water and is used by yeasts as the basis for fermenting beer. The fermentation is the fermentation of cooled malt juices with yeasts in fermented pools or ferment tanks, and the fermented beer is called fresh beer.
The filtering of impending fermented beer makes it clear at low temperatures that beer is transparent and is a marketable product. After sugarification, fermentation, filtering, the beer is finally packaged for market sale, 1.3 is re-emerged, and the equity incentive is to show confidence in development.
The company's actual control is the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, which, as of March 31, 2021, held 32.51% of the company's a and h shares indirectly through Qingdao Beers Group Limited, the company's first shareholder. Qingxing International announced the acquisition of 2.43 of its holdings from the Japan-Japan Group at the end of 2017.
In March 2020, the company launched its first draft equity incentive scheme since it was listed, to a total of no more than 660 members, including company directors (excluding non-executive and independent directors), senior managers, other company core managers, middle-level managers and core staff.
In the programme, the company has set three release periods, each for the company’s main business income, net profits, and roe. In terms of income from the company’s main business, the incentive scheme has put in place long-term incentives for the company, effectively binding the interests of the core staff and the company.
With the increase in equity incentives, the firm's internal motivation will be further enhanced, leading to steady corporate performance. 1.4. Build the Qingdao beer master and the Qingshan beer second brand.
In 2003, the company introduced “1+3” branding, with Qingdao beer as its main brand, and Xiaoshan, Hans and Shan Shui as its second brand. Since then, the company has proposed “1+3+n” and “1+1+n” branding strategies in 2012 and 2014, respectively. “1+3+n” is the Qingdao branding strategy.
In 2017, the company adapted its brand strategy to “1+1,” and worked on the development of the Qingjia and Xiaoshan 2 brands, and further streamlined and optimized the brand matrix.
The company’s products are priced in full, Qingjima’s brand is dominated by medium-to-high-end products, and Qingshan’s second brand is dominated by lower-to-medium products. Under the “1+1” brand strategy, the company has developed a more complete product price belt that allows for a variety of choices among buyers of different consumer capabilities and better meets market demand.
The second brand is dominated by medium- and low-end products. We locate products above $16 per litre, high-end products above $12-16 per litre, medium-end products below $10 per litre, low-end products below $10 per litre. In Qingjia master ' s brand, there are currently super-high-end beer with ipa concentrate, amber
Among them, Amber Lager has the highest unit price of $175.76/L. High-end beer in the Qingjia brand consists mainly of classic 1903, pure, all-meat beverages, etc. The product list is between $13-15/L. The Qingjia brand has the middle end of its classic beer positioning, with a unit price of about $10.34/L.
Il. Middle-end beer is represented by a friend at a unit price of approximately $11.50/L; low-end product is represented by a beer at a unit price of about $6.82/L.
Qingdao beer, Qingdao beer magma, Amber Lager.
August, Pearson, you're in charge.
Full malt, something 3-dummathrm1
In recent years, the company has followed the trend of the beer market to optimize its product structure and drive the product hierarchy upwards. In the development process, the Qingjia brand, which is dominated by medium- and high-end products, has grown in influence and sales have risen steadily.
From 376.5 million litres to 387.9 thousand litres, sales increased from 47.24 per cent to 49.60 per cent. By contrast, sales of other brands have declined from 52.76 per cent in 2017 to 50.40 per cent in 2020.
In response to the impact of the epidemic, the company was able to close the sales gap mainly with low- and medium-end products, resulting in a decline in sales of the Qingjia master brand, which is dominated by high- and medium-end products, greater than the Qingshan second brand, which is dominated by low- and medium-end products. As the epidemic gradually improves, it is expected that sales of high- and medium-end products are expected to recover steadily.
The Division ' s product structure is expected to improve significantly. Figure 7: Share of corporate owner brand sales (%2)
2.1 Chains of the beer industry In the chain of industry in the beer industry, the upstream is made up of raw material suppliers, the middle-stream is made up of branders, and the downstream is made up of conduits and consumers.
Chinese branders are made up of companies such as Qingdao and Chongqing: downstream traders sell their products to end-users by combining online and offline sales. Consumers can consume their products through online channels such as supermarkets, restaurants, nighttimes, etc., or buy their products on-line platforms such as electricians.
2.2 Our traditional growth logic in the beer industry is unsustainable. According to Euromonitor data, our beer consumption in 2020 was about 22.70% of the world, about 10.60 percentage points higher than that of the second-highest United States, which is currently the largest beer consumer in the world.
Our traditional volume-up logic in the beer industry has been bottled up. Beers, as a commodity in our country, have been developed to date as a drinker with the highest consumption ranking, with a larger consumer population in the industry.
In the context of high levels, rising consumption structures and rising consumer health perceptions, sales in the beer industry have continued to decline since 2013. In 2013 the volume of beer sales in businesses above our size decreased from 50287,000 litres to 450 million litres.
In 2020, the volume of beer sold by businesses above our size decreased by 40,48 million litres, or 10.04%. In the context of the overall decrease in beer sales, the volume of beer produced slowed simultaneously. From 2013 to 2020, the volume of beer produced by businesses above our size decreased from 49,83 million litres to 34,11,000 litres.
Against a backdrop of declining volumes, the logic of earning profits and market shares solely on the basis of increased production is unsustainable. 2.3 Short-term development logic: closing down poorly run wine factories, re-establishing business life, closing down poorly run wine factories, re-establishing business activity.
After 2013, as the beer industry slowed down, companies in the industry began to shut down poorly run factories, such as those with low productivity and ageing production equipment, re-organizing production and optimizing the industrial chain, with the aim of increasing overall productivity and profitability.
From 2016 to 2020, capacity utilization increased from 53 per cent to 59 per cent and net interest rates increased from 4.86 per cent to 8.38 per cent. Chongqing beer benefited from Kasper’s strong presence, and the company’s efficiency and profitability increased significantly. From 2016 to 2020, capacity utilization increased from 66 per cent to approximately 6 at Chongqing.
The closing down of a poorly run wine factory is the short-term logic of a bad beer industry. While closing down a poorly run wine factory can optimize the company’s productivity in a short period of time and re-establish the business’s viability.
A fundamental approach to sustainable development in the Division. Qingdao Beers (600600) depth report 2.3 Long-term development logic: multi-factor catalytic, product-level shifts imperative
In the context of rapid economic growth, we all have higher disposable income. Between 2014 and 2020, our disposable income rose from US$2067 to US$32189, and the consumption concept of good alcohol was increasingly accepted by consumers, with the share of low-end beer in the market.
In recent years, our low-end market share has declined, its middle-end market share has slightly increased, and its market share has grown faster. According to Euromonitor data, it has grown faster.
In 2011-2018, our market share of low-end beverages fell from 61.60% to 35.50%, and our beer class gradually moved towards high-end in the context of the rising cost structure of the mid-end beverages. The age ratio of the main power of beer consumption declined, and the high-end, high-quality, fashion-modern beverages of beer, which became increasingly young.
The age range for beer consumption in our country is mainly between 15 and 64 years of age. In that age group, the majority of consumers are between 20 and 35 years of age.
In the current beer-consuming majority, consumer considerations about the price of beer are gradually diluted, and beer quality, variety of tastes, and product currents are increasingly important metrics for consumers when buying beer. At the same time, young people are increasingly enjoying microscopic moments, and consumers are willing to pay more for high-quality, high-priced beer.
High premiums, diversification, personalization of products, or the trend towards future growth of beer. Therefore, in the event of a contraction in the relative size of our main consumption groups, companies in the industry should take an accurate view of the consumption characteristics of the dominant consumer groups, actively develop new products, and enhance the competitiveness of enterprises in the market.
In recent years, the diversity of the consumption scenes has become more popular, and the market for the consumption of beer has continued to expand. In 2005-2018, the sales of our beer now account for the share of our beer sales.
From 62.30% to 67.20%. The average price of beer is generally higher than that of non-current products, and the price is increasing significantly faster than that of non-current products, owing to a combination of consumption habits, freshness of products, etc. In 2004-2018, the average price of beer was increased from $7.0/l to $17.6/l, with an average compound increase of 7.35 per cent per year; and the price of beer is not available in the country.
The average price has risen from $4.2 per litre to $9.1 per litre, with a compound annual growth rate of 6.13 per cent. As the current consumption scenes, such as restaurants, bars, and so on, are gradually warming, it is expected that the share of current consumption in the beer market in the country will increase steadily.
Figure 16: Change in the share of our beer and non-current beer sales (%): Change in our beer and non-current average prices ($/L) 2.4. The future potential of our high-end beer market is high and there is room for upscaling.
In 2019, the price of our beer ton was $3,000 per kilolitre, in Japan and the United States of America, 10,000 per kilolitre and 8,000 per kilolitre, and in Asia and the Pacific, the average price of our beer ton was 4300 per kilolitre. In the context of rising living standards and rising consumption, our beer ton is higher.
The price of our high-end beer market is expected to have further upscaling. Globaldata predicts that the size of the beer market, calculated on the basis of consumption, will be 51.15 billion litres.
The liquor market has grown at an average compound rate of 4.7 per cent per year, and is expected to be worth $10.29 billion by 2023. The high-end beer market has grown faster or faster than the industry average, driven by a combination of higher living standards, higher consumption, and more popular consumption.
The size of the high-end beer market, calculated by consumption, will be 10.2 billion litres a year. By value, our high-end beer market has grown at an average compound rate of 4.7% per year in 2018-2023, and is expected to reach $62.7 billion by 2023. Although the traditional volume growth logic of the beer industry has been bottled up, our high-end beer industry has experienced a bottleneck.
Markets are better suited to market development needs. Our high-end beer market has great potential for future development, with a further price of 2.5 oligopolistic competition patterns, which are expected to benefit from leading businesses, and our beer industry has created oligopolistic competition patterns.
The oligarchy’s competitive pattern. In 2020, our beer industry was 92.00 per cent cr5 (Hao Yu, Qingjia, Bae Weibo, Yanjing and Gasper). Of this, the market share was the highest, at 31.90 per cent. The market share was 22.90 per cent, ranking second in the industry.
Our beer industry has steadily increased, and our market share is expected to move closer to the leading companies. In recent years, our beer industry has grown steadily in concentration. From 2017 to 2020, our beer industry grew from 75.60% to 92.00%. In comparison with other countries, the beer industry in India, Japan, Australia, and Korea has reached 87.00% in 2018.
The yearcr5 is still below the 2018 Australian, Korean, and slightly higher than Japan. In the context of optimal industrial integration, the share of the beer market is expected to converge further towards leading firms.3 The corporate strategy is clear, and the multi-dimensional layout enhances growth potential.
3.1 A high-end strategic layout, with a steady rise in tonnage, a high-end strategic layout, and an increase in sales of high-end products. Companies have been actively engaged in high-end strategic layouts in recent years to speed up the transition to high-value-added products represented by alcohol and refined products in order to better meet market demand.
The company has successively introduced super-high-end new products such as ipa, 100-year trips, amberlag, and has shifted from “basic quality plus colour quality” to “characteristic quality,” with a steady increase in sales of high-end products in the company’s Qingdao brand. Between 2016 and 2020, sales of high-end products in the company’s Qingdao brand increased from 20.58% to 22.89%.
From 2016 to 2020, sales of other Qingjia brands fell from 27.53% to 26.73%, and sales of other branded products, such as Yooshan, from 51.89% to 50.38%. The product structure moved upwards, pushing the price of tons up steadily. As sales of high end products increased and new high end products were launched,
In 2020, the company ' s brand name increased by 3.85%. From 2016 to 2020, the company ' s brand name increased from $4158.53 per tonne to a further increase in the company ' s product price. The company ' s price remained at a higher level than that of comparable companies.
Chongqing's beer was bought by Kasper, and the product's high-end process was moving forward. In 2020, Chongqing's ton price was $4514.62/kl, the highest comparable company. The high-end product of Bwa-Asia, Joo-jiang beer was higher than that of Yin-kyung and Hua-yun, and was in the middle of a comparable company.
The structure is gradually optimized and the tonnage price of the company ' s products is expected to rise further. Figure 26: Comparison of tonnage prices of major beer companies in 2020 ($/thousands of litres)
Provinces and cities. In recent years, against a background of the traditional incremental logic of the beer industry, companies have been closing down poorly run and ageing production lines, reducing the inefficiency of production to increase their capacity utilization. In 2016-2019, companies have been slowing down the process of closing down their plants. As the effects of the epidemic have been released, companies are expected to close down steadily.
3.3 The Yellow River Basin, which is the dominant region of the company with its centre in Shandong, is a major revenue-generating area, with a steady increase in the share of revenues. The company is based in Qingdao, Shandong Province.
The city’s geographical advantage, with its focus on Shandong markets, now accounts for the main share of the beer market in Shandong. 2016-7.28 per cent. This increase was accompanied by a steady increase in the company’s share of revenue in Shandong, and a greater regional competitive advantage in comparison with comparable companies, with the main advantage of the company’s operations in the Yellow River Basin, centred on Shandong.
In the interim, beer companies will create niche areas based on their own realities and development strategies. On the basis of Shandong, the company will focus on the Yellow River provinces. Currently, the company has 28 brewery plants and one malt factory in the Yellow River basin and seven provincial sales units in Hebei, Shanxi, Shanxi and Gansu.
The Chinese beer is relatively well marketed, with some regional advantages in Guangdong, Northeast, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, etc. The Bwai market is concentrated in South China, where Jiangxi, Fujian, etc. The market share is higher.
Beijing-based Yinjing's beer, with its dominant regions concentrated in Beijing, Inner Mongolia, Guangxi, and so on. 3.4 Lines of power, new scenes that cater to young high-end demand, remove the effects of the epidemic, and below the company line, are dominated by the consumption of current drinks, such as meals.
In the case of current consumption, restaurants, bars, nightclubs, etc., are the main consumption scenes. If this is the basis for taking out the impact of the epidemic, the market for drinks, such as restaurants, nightclubs, etc., is the company’s main consumer scene. In 2019, the sales of company foods and nightclubs were 60% of the sales, and the sales of the company’s foods and nightclubs were above and off-the-shelf.
The impact of the epidemic has affected the consumption of current drinks such as company restaurants, nightclubs, etc., which fell to 45% in 2020, while the share of sales such as supermarkets, convenience stores, etc. increased to 55%. As the epidemic became largely manageable, catering, nightclubs, etc., are expected to recover.
Company lines are dominated by branded official flagship shops. The company’s branded official flagship stores have a high level of recognition in the market. In May of May of 2021, the company’s online sales were dominated by branded official flagship stores, accounting for 55.60% of sales, the highest compared to comparable companies. Platform supermarkets, such as Skycats, are the second largest distribution channel on the company line, with sales in proportion to sales.
27.80%. By contrast, the online channel of Bwai and Yinjing beer is similar to that of the company, with the official branded flag shop being the main sales channel on the line, accounting for 54.20% and 51.70% of sales, respectively. Because of the higher share of low-end products in Huayun beer, sales contributed more from fast-moving platform supermarkets, June 2020-2021, Huayun, May 2020.
The sales of beer online platform supermarkets are 58.6%. And the cyclone 1664 is an import brand, and the products depend mainly on agency stores for sale, which account for up to 60.20% of sales.
The “tsingta 01903 Qingji Island Beers” is the consumption scene that companies are currently focusing on, mainly positioning high-end, personalized and fashionable, to meet consumer demand at multiple levels.
In addition to this, “tsingta 01903 Qingji Island Beer” can provide customized services such as thematic dinners, theme groups, theme parties, etc. The company now runs more than 200 “tsingta 01903 Qingji Island Beers” across the country.
It covers 20 provinces and 62 cities, mainly second-line cities. The company plans to add 100 new shops this year. By 2023, the number of such bars is expected to reach 400-500 throughout the country.
The increase in consumption is in line with the company’s high-end strategy. 3.5 Multi-purpose marketing, brand-magic marketing, corporate marketing, and branding.
At present, companies promote their products mainly through sports marketing, music marketing, ip joint name and star advocacy, and continue to shape brand charms through immersed branding experiences. In sports marketing, companies in 2008
As an official sponsor of the Olympic Games. After that, the company worked with the Nba Miami Hot Team and became an official partner of the cba by the end of 2012. In 2018, the company succeeded in becoming an official sponsor of the 2022 Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics.
In addition, the company followed the trend of the times and implemented a cross-border joint ip campaign to achieve win-win goals. In 2016, the company joined forces with the World of the Creatures ip.
In 2017, in partnership with Wolf and Deep Night's Dining House, the wolf cans and the late night cans: in 2020, the company and Van Goip worked together to launch a limited collection of wheat and white cans. By co-locating the ip, the company could better accommodate the hot spots of young people's attention. At the same time, the company worked with a flow star to grab consumer eyeballs and use fans.
In 2020, the company worked with the company to launch the vase. In 2021, Mon Meisheng became the image spokesperson for the company’s Winter Olympics. 3.6 costs rose, and price increases are expected to rise.
The upstream raw materials are under high cost pressure. Beers are mainly made of wheat sprouts, wine, water, carbon-rich low alcohol made from yeast fermentation, known as "liquid bread." Upper barley, wrappings, etc. are the main raw materials for beer production. In the company’s 2020 cost structure, raw materials for wine, such as food, are proportional.
On 16 August of that year, the spot price of glass was $38.62 per square metre, an increase of 68.28 per cent over the same year, which was maintained at the mouth of the past five years, and the average price of imported barley has steadily increased since September 2020. In June 2021, the average price of imported barley was $294.74 per ton, an increase of 21.85 per cent over the same period.
Cost increases or increases in firm price increases are expected. Given the company’s price increases in recent years, the price increases for the company’s products are highly correlated with the higher cost of upstream raw materials.
In response to the pressure of rising costs, the company again introduced price increases in 2018, raising prices for different products in January and May, respectively. Against the background of the current rise in the cost of raw materials such as glass, imported barley, it is expected that the optimal upgrading of the company’s products will contribute to a significant increase in corporate profitability.
The company’s initiative to raise prices and upgrade products has led to a significant increase in the company’s Māori ratio. From 2018 to 2020, the company’s Māori ratio has steadily increased its profitability.
The Qingjia beer rate is in the middle of a comparable company. The Qingjiang beer rate is influenced to a large extent by the level of the product’s tonnage. Since Bwa Asia-Pacific, Chongqing and Joojiang-based beer are higher than Qingjia-based beer, they have a competitive advantage over the Qingjia beer ratio.
In 2020, the Bwai-Asia Māori rate was 52.02%, the highest comparable company. The Māori rate for Chongqing and Joojiang beers is in the middle of a comparable company.
As the high-end process continues, the profitability of the company is expected to improve steadily. Figure 41: Comparison of the major beer companies ' Māori ratio in 2020 (%) is largely manageable.
Cost adjustment rates increased from 5.13 per cent to 6.12 per cent; financial costs decreased from -0.99 per cent to -1.70 per cent. Corporate advertising costs decreased as a result of company sales costs.
Sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics, the company is expected to continue to increase its investment in advertising and increase brand influence this year. The company’s 2021q1 financial cost increase is mainly due to the company’s structured savings operations, whose revenues are accounted for by the fair value of the change in value.
The level of beer and Chongqing beer is higher than the Bueway Asia-Pacific, Pearl River, and Yanking beer. The management costs of companies are relatively well regulated, with the lowest management rate compared to 6.12% in 2020. The net interest rate levels of companies continue to be good, and there is room for further improvement compared to comparable companies.
Between 2016 and 2020, the company splits and the company’s profit elasticity continues to be released. In 2020, the company’s net interest rate was higher than that of comparable companies than that of China, gin and Yanjing beer, and one compared with the higher end product share of Chongqing beer, hunji beer and Bwai-Asia.
Figure 44: Comparison of net interest rates of major beer companies in 2020 (%)
The net cash flow of the company ' s operations increased from 2,971 million yuan to 4,953 million yuan. In 2017, there was a decline in the operating cash flow of the company, mainly as a result of the same increase in the cash flow of the company for goods and services. In 2020, the cash flow of the company ' s operations increased by 23.30 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly because of the purchase of goods affected by the epidemic.
Cash flows from corporate operations in 2020 were concentrated in the second quarter. 2020q2, cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $4.345 billion, an increase of 110.72 per cent over the same period.
Cash flows have recovered considerably since the beginning of the year. 2021q1, companies achieved a net operating cash flow of 2,466 million yuan, which is 298.38 per cent higher than in 2019, an increase of 18.50 per cent. Compared to comparable companies, the net company is now affected by the epidemic in 2020 and the beer industry has suffered a certain shock.
The alcohol industry is recovering. 2021q1, the company achieved a business income of $8,928 million, an increase of 41.87 per cent over the same period; net profit of $1,022 million was achieved, an increase of 90.26 per cent over the 90.26 per cent compared to the 90.26 per cent increase in the performance of the supermarket expected. Compared to 2019q1, corporate business income grew by 6.00 per cent, and net profit of the mother by 12.47 per cent. For the second quarter and the second half of the year, we believe that:
(1) In the short term, the company’s sales in the second quarter may be subject to a certain amount of pressure. In the second quarter of last year, the company used mainly to mitigate the impact of the epidemic on its performance. 2020q2, the company achieved 2.776 million tons of sales, and the sales were at an all-time high.
In the long term, the company’s product structure is expected to continue to improve. In 2020, the company was able to make up for a certain shortfall in sales through medium- and low-end products, and the sales of Qingdao’s main brand, which is dominated by high- and medium-end products, declined more than the sales of Qingshan’s second brand, which is dominated by low- and medium-end products.
The company’s high-end logic is clear, profit elasticity is expected to release further, maintaining its “recommended” rating. As the population’s disposable income increases, and health awareness increases, the consumption concept of “less alcohol, better alcohol,” is gradually gaining ground.
More and more consumers accept that the share of low-end beer in the market is shrinking, higher-end beer is becoming more popular with consumers, and that the high-end trend in the beer industry is becoming imperative. As a leader in the beer industry, the company's product structure is optimized, and the strategy for upgrading is clear, focusing on Qingjima's brand and Qingshan's second brand, through sports marketing and music.
Marketing, ip joint name and star voice continue to shape brand charms. As the company’s high-end strategy continues, Qingdao beer (600600) depth reports the net profits of parent owners.
(1) Upgrade has not advanced as expected. (2) The price of raw materials has increased. (3) Competition in the industry has increased.
(4) Food safety issues. (5) Macroeconomic impact. `Market index' reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed public authorities, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report.