Attez: Announce the restructuring of the United States market to protect the United States, December 01, 2025.
▪ Events: company announcement of business restructuring in the United States: 1) company plans to establish a new joint venture with the controlling shareholder, csiq, to operate in the United States of America in photovoltaic operations/stores and will operate through the leasing of the company's overseas assets. 2) The company plans to supply overseas plants (including those already built) to the United States market through equity transfers.
The thx1 PV plant, the ssth storage plant under construction and the gncm battery plant were reorganized into a csiq holding 75.1% and the company holding 24.9% of the stock.
Component plants, currently fully operational; components are subsidized at 7 cents per w according to U.S.-ira manufacturing subsidy; the company expects the U.S. Battery plant to be operational in March 26, with a total planned 5gw battery tank, with a 4 cent subsidy per ounce. The company expects the U.S. energy storage plant in December 26
In order to meet the requirements of the obb Act feoc, companies need to reduce the share of American production capacity to less than 25%, and then receive regular subsidies. The offshore PV factory thx1 capacity of about 8gw has been built, the overseas storage plant ssth and the battery plant gnh/2.9gw is under construction, and the company plans to do so.
The total value of the company’s net assets from three non-American plants abroad was $469.33 million, so the transfer has continued to yield 24.9% of the follow-up US business.
Sustainable access to rental services. And 26-year outlook, csiq has a strong hand order, a profit forecast and investment rating: because companies transfer ownership of related business in the United States market.
The 26-year-old stock doubles the volume of the stock, the long-term market access qualification of the United States and the strategic security of the company, and the company's core industry, Artes (688472): mid-2025:
High Quality Photovoltaic Strategy + Power Break, 25H1 Performance Supermarket Expectations
In any event, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it is not consistent.