New material from North. New material from North (000786): Light-loaded, to be completed by 2020.
The company ' s recent annual report of 2019 achieved business income of $13.323 billion, an increase of 6.03 per cent, a net return of $441 million, a decrease of 82.11 per cent, a decline of 0.261 dollars per share, a decline in the annual increase in the amount of gypsum plates and a fall in the Maori rate.
In 2019, the company achieved an income of RMB 1,1006 billion, an increase of 0.66 per cent in the same year, operating costs of RMB 7.30 billion, and annual sales of the company's PKDs increased by 5.19 per cent. The company earned about RMB 5.60 per cent, the cost of the pyre was 33.70 per cent in 2019, a decrease of 3.59 percentage points in the same year.
q4 single-quarter net profit growth and a decline in the Māori rate, showing a 14.85 percentage point increase in corporate income of R$ 3,506 million in the q4 quarter: Māori rate of 24.21 per cent.
The decline of 8.69 percentage points in the same year; the net profit from the return to the mother was $452 million, an increase of 6.87 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of increased investment in the development of light steel dragon bones and the development of new products such as fibre sheeting gypsums, lime gypsums and decomposition of formaldehyde gypsums.
In 2019, the company incurred approximately $1,936 million in litigation costs and the net profit from the elimination of fees was approximately $2,377 million, a decrease of 3.61 per cent.
During the reporting period, the company developed a global castboard industry development plan to expand the global cardboard production profile to about 5 billion square metres, with a half a million tons of hardcore production profile to accelerate the build-up and development of niche operations.
Further strengthening and consolidation of core operations: continuation of the international layout of castpads, with a change in production capacity from the planned 6 million square metres to 15 million square metres for a new cardboard production line to be built in Tanzania; decision to invest in and build subsidiaries in Uzbekistan
Construction of 40 million m2 of paper plate production line and accompanying 3,000 m2 of light steel bone production line and 4 million m2 of decorative plate production line, currently set up by FAC North, a wholly-owned offshore subsidiary; and a decision to invest in the establishment of an offshore subsidiary and the construction of 35 million m2 of paper platers per year in Egypt
Production lines and accompanying 10,000-ton-a-year production line for light steel bones and 6 million-m2 annual production line for decorated gypsum boards. In the water-proof industry, internationalization continued, providing new dynamic energy for enterprise development.
Business advantages include the expansion of waterproof materials and paints, the creation of new performance growth points, and the launching of a global layout. The company has jointly restructured Sichuan sheep and waterproof materials and waterproof technology companies such as the North Shinoji King's Waterproof Science and Technology Group Ltd. and Henan's thumb waterproof technology companies, which form the 10 largest waterproof industry bases throughout the country.
By 2020, the demand side of the company is expected to continue to grow and, as the penetration rate of the assembly building rises, the market is expected to continue to expand, and the waterproof business will be integrated into a new growth dynamic of the company in 2020, taking into account the risks of corporate losses resulting from litigation;
Risks of downside real estate investments; Risks of new materials replacing gypsum plates.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.