The net profit fell by 82% from the same year, as a result of the castboard incident in the United States.
The company published its annual 2019 report, which generated $13.3 billion in 2019, an increase of 6 per cent, a net gain of $440 million for mothers, a decrease of 82 per cent, and a net gain of $2.37 billion for mothers, a decrease of 7 per cent, a decrease of 82 per cent in 19 years, as a result of, inter alia, the events and settlement fees in the United States of America.
According to company announcements, in 2019, cast boards produced 2.75 billion flats and sold 2 billion flats, representing an increase of 5.9 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and represented 83 per cent of the company’s revenues. The cardboard rate was 33.7 per cent, a decrease of 3.6 per cent in relation to the same year, and the change in the rate was due to the increase in fuel power and labour costs on the one hand, and the company’s demand for new revenue guidelines on the other.
In 2019, freight costs related to the sale of goods were adjusted to operating costs. Out-of-service expenditures of $2.09 billion, or 318% more, were mainly related to the fees of lawyers in the United States for cast-plate matters, settlements, and so forth.
\triangleright gypsum boards in residential and industrial buildings, hotels, hotels, stadiums, writing buildings, etc.
The construction and renovation of various buildings were widely used. According to company announcements, by the end of 2019, China ' s cast board produced 2,752 million square metres of annual gypsum capacity, with a gypsum production of 1,994 million square metres, an increase of 5.89 per cent over the previous year, and the sale of gypsum sheeting of 1,966 million square metres, an increase of 5.19 per cent over the previous year. On this basis, 59 per cent of new materials in the north and an increase in the sale of new materials in the north were measured.
The demand for gypsums is expected to increase steadily, as is the policy of the beneficiary industries and energy conservation and environmental protection. In the renovation of our homes, gypsum plates are widely used for ceilings, and about 70% of our cardboard sales are concentrated in the field of ceilings and in the area of fences.
In contrast to traditional building materials, the gypsum has the advantage of energy-efficient, fire-resistant, sound-resistant, lightweight, and economics. In developed countries like the United States, Japan, about 80% of the gypsum is used for building walls, and there should be plenty of room for upgrading in the area of walls.
In 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 editions) (in effect as of 1 January 2020), which encouraged “the production of personalized materials suitable for assembly buildings: low-cost variable-energy-walling materials and parts of walls; and functional decorative materials and products”;
With the exception of Tibet, the “30 million square metres/year (excluding) of cardboard production line” is still restricted; the “10 million square metres/year (excluding) of cardboard production line” is still mined.
8 companies \triangleright 2019 through joint reorganization of Sichuan sheep and water protection materials Ltd., North Shining King Water and Technology Group Ltd. (formerly known as Wang Water and Construction Group Ltd.) and Henan Goldfinger Water and Water and Technology Limited have limited shares
Waterproofing materials are important functional materials for construction, mainly in industrial and civil buildings, subways, tunnels, bridges, municipal works, etc. We are defending the water industry, which is growing rapidly, but with low concentration, the company is expected to cut into the waterproof industry to benefit from rapid growth.
Domestic capital and real estate growth rates have declined; the rate of elimination of backward capacity has slowed. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized. Yang Jian: Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computing chemistry and oil and gas) in association with the Department of Chemicals of Rutgers University, Nanjing University
In October 2014, he joined the industry in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials, and in 2015, the author of the “Skyo-Eye” had the qualification or considerable professional competence to consult on securities investments granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.