Material materials New materials in the north: castboards are expected to enter a new price-raising cycle with stability and growth Events: the company earned $13,223.7 million (+6.03 per cent) in 2019, resulting in a net profit for the mother
The market share has risen steadily, with a combination of a stable q4 increase in size, channels, brands and so on, with a positive performance of approximately 1,966 million m2 in 2019, an increase of 5.2% over the same period, of which q4 sales of about 500 million m2 and an increase of about 6.4% over the same period.
In the second half of 19th year, the total market value/flow (millions of yuan) per square metre fell by 4.3 pcts by the same year, and the overall cost of the q4 cardboard was about 5.3 yuan per square metre.
On the one hand, there was an increase in dream cards due to the restructuring of the product; on the other hand, there was a decrease in the price of some of the varieties due to strong market competition. The exchange gains and losses affected current performance, and the layout was waterproof.
The change in accounting standards to the q4 Māori rate has fallen considerably. The 4-quarters total Māori rate for companies is 24.21%, and revenue standards require companies to adjust the freight costs associated with sales of goods in 2019 to the case and to light suit before proceeding in the future.
The second is the rise in the country’s waste prices, which led to an increase in the cost end, and a reduction in the price of the Chinese paper industry – 2019/08/19 varieties – which led to a decline in the overall Māori rate.
The company balance sheet is still strong and the cost rate has decreased during q4. The 19q4 firm ' s net operating cash flow is about $600 million and the yield ratio is about 1.22 x, reflecting the good cash flow of the company; at the end of the reporting period, the ratio is about 1.22 x.
More projects and increased borrowing, but still low debt ratios in manufacturing enterprises, strong corporate balance sheets and sufficient cash flows to ensure steady business performance; q4 company cost 7.31 per cent, a decrease of approximately 4.7 pct over the same period, of which sales costs decreased by 5.15
The main reason, pct, is that under the new accounting standards, the company transferred transport costs from sales to operations, moved into the field of water protection, and created a new performance growth point: during the reporting period, the company consolidated the acquisition of the Sichuan sheep, the King's water protection and Henan's waterproof thumbs successfully moved into the area of water protection, creating a nationwide coverage.
Ten major water-proof industry bases have been set up, with companies collecting about 205 million yuan in 19 years and water-proofing operations, and as integration deepens, it is expected that the new North will soon be able to build on its own financial and industrial advantages.
US lawsuits are resolved, and a new internationalization process is under way. The company plans to expand the global cardboard production to 5 billion square metres.
Around half a million tons of production capacity to speed up the build-up and development of niches, while the company reached a settlement in the United States of America during the reporting period. In the short term, despite the huge settlement costs, it was expected to move on in the long run to speed up the process of nationalization, and now the company is in Tanzania and the Ukraine.
Zbekstan launched a new production capacity and established the North East Asia Foreign Corporation Ltd., a company called "Go Out" Institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.