New material in the north (000786). High performance elasticity, waterproofing and bringing new space overseas.
The company published its annual report for 2019, and in 2019 it achieved net operating income of 133.23 per cent and net return to the mother, respectively. The new materials in the north were the pioneers in the production of our plaster plates of 441 million yuan, an increase of 6.03 per cent and a decrease of 82.11 per cent, respectively, and the non-return to the mother ' s net gain of 2,372 million yuan.
The U.S. lawsuits led to a significant decline in performance and a relatively stable business. New North Building and subsidiaries in 2019. Key issues for the next three to six months:
The total amount of Tarzan gypsum due to settlement costs incurred in United States litigation was $1,936 million, taking into account non-recurring gains and losses, a decrease of 6.96 per cent in net profit from this cost, and a generally stable business performance, compared with the small downward fluctuations in 2018 due to the low rate of completion of downstream property.
The market share of small businesses can be eroded by the company as a champion when demand in the industry is low. In 2019, sales of the company's gypsum board increased by 5.19 per cent, market share grew by 1 percentage point, and the price of the company's tons of gypsum in 2019 was 5.60 yuan per flat, a decline in the same year.
The increase in the price of raw materials and the company's adjustment of freight costs associated with the sale of commodities to the epidemic's “black swan” does not change the trend for the company's performance to benefit from an improvement in the rate of completion of real estate in 2020. The gypsum is used mainly for the decoration of commercial buildings and residential buildings, and we are in the middle of the season.
The rate of improvement observed in the area of house completion from June 2019 to the end of 2019 was driven by the gradual arrival of a large number of future homes sold by real estate providers over the past two years, which, although affected by the epidemic, was again significantly negative in February 2020, owing to the rigidity of the contract.
Now, we're judging that after the outbreak is largely under control, there will be a stronger demand for the land projects, which will bring a higher degree of resilience to the speed of completion, that companies, as industrial oligarchs, will benefit directly from the improvement of downstream demand, and that Roe will increase.
Increased city occupancy and penetration, as well as overseas expansion, have created new growth space for the gypsum business. The company's gypsum business is now home to around 60% of the country's municipalities, which are industry-based, compared to abroad, with 70-80% in Russia and Japan, compared to 70-80% in companies.
There is still much room for improvement. From the point of view of penetration, about 70% of the gypsum board is currently used in public and residential ceilings, less used in walls, and 80% of the gypsum is used in the reference U.S. residential walls, and the future market for our gypsums should be extended to residential walls.
In terms of expansion abroad, the company has actively promoted the internationalization of the castboard business, with plans for the production of cardboards, light steel bones, and decorating cardboards for the production of long-distance flat production overseas, and for the company’s layouts in Uzbekistan and Egypt.
Keep an eye on the company’s growth space in waterproof materials. In 2019, the North built new materials by buying 70% of the stock to reorganize the sheep, the king of thugs and three regional tap waterproof businesses, and the company has now formed 10 waterproof industrial bases throughout the country, the sheep, the king of thugs and the gold thumbs.
611 million yuan, 760 million yuan, and 577 million yuan, respectively, combined to produce about 1.67 per cent of the total water-proof industry, which ranks among the top three water-resistant industries in the country. The water-resistant materials sector is now experiencing a rapid increase in concentration as a result of tighter environmental protection and quality monitoring, as well as an increase in the concentration of downstream property clients.
During this process, companies, through joint restructuring, have access to markets with large and still low concentrations and poor product quality, which will promote business patterns and eliminate malignant competition, and we look at improvements in competition patterns in the water materials sector and the room for companies to grow in this trillion-grade market.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of new material in the north (000786). High performance elastic, water-proofing and overseas generating new space and 10 times higher. Given the firm’s absolute leader as a gypsum, the combined advantage is strong, with strong performance elastic once demand improves.
The new business of materials opens a new path to growth, maintaining a firm’s “highly recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new material (000786): High performance elasticity, water protection and the creation of new spaces abroad.
Zhao Xin’s research assistant brief analyzes his own research opinion.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
New North Building Material (000786). High performance, waterproofing and creating new space abroad do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.