Events: In recent days, the Bank of Beijing published annual reports in 2017 and quarterly reports in 2018, and the company achieved business income of $50,353 million in 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, respectively.
In terms of income structure, the net interest income of 2018q1 was 9.8 per cent higher than that of the year 2017: but the net income from fees and commissions was 24 per cent lower than that of 2017, and 34.2 percentage points lower than that of 2017. Thus, the rapid decline in the growth rate of the business of 2018q1 was mainly due to the decline in the contribution of middle business income.
The overall advantage in the quality of loans is evident, as the clients of the company’s loans are concentrated mainly in the Beijing region, with large and medium-sized enterprises in the fields of education, health, high technology, etc. In 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, the company’s negative rates were 1.24% and 1.23%, respectively, and the asset’s asset quality improved, the pressure on the company’s loan-deprivation readiness was reduced and the profits of the company increased.
Loans have been growing faster and the asset-liability structure has improved. Corporate deposits and loans have been growing faster, at 10.2% at the same rate as deposits in 2017 and 2018q1 and Beijing Bank First Cover: Better Asset Quality, City Business Quality Quality of Good Assets in the Region, Focusing on the Quick Growth of Inter-Community Stock Sheets.
Risk factors \triangleright: 1; macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected, affecting the quality of assets; 2; costs rise too fast, affecting profit levels. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. This report is a unique research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.