Coal blowers are more powerful than Shanxi, 24th of August 2018.
(b) The issuance of the semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, which resulted in an increase of $736 million, or 7.27 per cent, in the company ' s operating income during the reporting period;
Coals, fliers, and flints have increased steadily, and corporate performance has increased steadily. The company achieved a total profit of 1.705 billion yuan in the first half of 2018, a 14% increase in the same year, as a result of the expansion of coal and coke sales and higher sales prices.
Yes, the authorized capacity is 40.4 million tonnes/year, of which the advanced capacity is 93% and is the highest in Shanxi Province. In terms of sales, did the company achieve a total of 1991 tons of raw coal production, a 0.57% reduction in the same period; 16.38 million tons of commercial coal sales, a 1.55% increase in the same year; and, in order to optimize the competitiveness of the coal industry, further increase the market share, adapt its strategy in a timely manner, and increase the production and sale of coal blowing in the first half of the year.
On the price side, the combined sale price of the company ' s goods was $577 per ton, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period; the unit cost of sales was $322 per ton, an increase of 3.84 per cent over the same period. The first half, 44.21 per cent, benefiting from the increase in coal prices and effective control of costs, showed a marked improvement in profitability compared with the same period last year, with an increase of 3.04 percentage points.
In recent years, companies have increased their efforts to develop coal-chemical projects around the clean and efficient use of coal, increasing by 13.83 per cent over the same period. Benefiting from the increase in the volume and price of coke sales, the corporate-carrying plates in the first half of the year generated a total of 1,203 million yuan in revenues, using science, technology and innovation as an engine to drive innovation-driven systems. Companies have always believed that innovation is the endogenous and core competitiveness of enterprise development.
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in scientific input and innovation, with 17 years of research spending up to 3.7%, well above the industry average. Companies have continued to expand high-end open innovation platforms, collaborating in technology strategies with several research institutes and institutions of higher learning, the only national high-tech enterprise in the country ' s coal system and enjoying a 15% tax discount on corporate income tax, which has been extended to the end of 2019.
Since 2017, Shanxi Province has stepped up its efforts to promote provincial state-owned enterprise reforms and to increase the securitization of the assets of the coal industry groups in the five provinces. As the only listed platform of the Group, the original coal production is now only 51.6% of the Group’s current output, and as Shanxi’s transformation accelerates in the future, the Group’s capital is of high quality.
Production is expected to be injected into listed companies, and corporate performance will increase significantly by the time the group is listed as a whole. \triangleright prices for coal and coke have fallen sharply, macroeconomics have fallen, and the country has not improved as much as expected.
Chang Yang is the fourth in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invested in Tianyang Real Estate today.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies