Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Net profit from XE growth of 21.78 per cent over the year
On the evening of 23 August, the Middle Report for 2018 was published. During the reporting period, the company achieved an operating income of $10,862 million, an increase of 7.27 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,391 million, a gain of $1 billion, an increase of 7.07 per cent over the same period.
The increase in profit levels has been significant, the increase in environmental inspections has been a major factor affecting the supply and demand patterns of the coal market in the first half of the year, the policy regulation of power coal inhibits rising space, and the price of coke is subject to environmental production restrictions.
The combined sale price of the company's merchandise coal during the reporting period was 576.67 yuan per ton, or 9.5 per cent more; the original coal production was 19905.2 million tons, or 0.6 per cent less; and the volume of the sale of the merchandise was 16.377 million tons, or 1.55 per cent more.
Sales revenue increased by 11.19% over the year, and the coke plate increased by 21.31% over the same year. Coal price rises led companies to increase the overall Māori ratio by 5.05 pct to 40.73%, with Māori rates for coal sales + 3.04 pct to 44.12%, and factors such as increased interest on bonds affected a different degree of increase in all three costs, with company-time rates rising.
2.78 pct to 15.66 per cent, Māori outpaced the increase in costs, with net interest rates rising by 1.55 pct to 12.20 per cent. Corporate customers stabilized, coal blowing was the main supplier of large steel companies, with more than 80 per cent of sales in recent years.
Increased pace of change in Shanxi. At the August National Enterprise Symposium, which established a time node for the reform of coal companies in Shanxi Provinces, the Group will lead the re-engineering of the chemical industry and demand the full completion of the high-end coal restructuring by the end of October. As the only listed company under the Group, the Group’s high-quality coal resources.
S07905141001 is expected to be injected into listed companies. In addition, the group has taken the lead in restructuring the coal industry and is expected to contribute to the production of listed companies with a strong reserves of more than 3 billion tons of coal and excellent quality of coal and smelting coal.
Well, the mining conditions are relatively good, with each mine being a highly productive and efficient industrial mine, representing efficient, open-source securities, Ltd., advanced and clean production capacity, representing the best production capacity, and the company is expected to start in the future.
On the other hand, Shanxi's move has accelerated, and the city's gates have been placed on the 5th floor.
The production areas are rich in coal resources and are all high-quality mines, some of which are classified as advanced, with an authorized capacity of more than 30 million tons in addition to the company. As the only listed company under the umbrella of the Group, the Group is expected to inject high-quality assets.
Resources, efficient managerial capacity, greater elasticity in performance and future assets of the Xianxian flag are injected into expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.