• South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company released its three-quarter report in 2022, and in the first three quarters of 22nd year, the company achieved a revenue of 3.56 billion yuan.
A 40.8 per cent increase in the same year; a net return of $1.78 billion, or 46.2 per cent more than in the same year, resulted in a significant increase in corporate profitability, with a 62.2 per cent increase in corporate Māori in the first three quarters of 22 years, compared to a stronger global leader and a more competitive global landscape solution. The competitive advantage of corporate products is significant and complete.
According to frost&sullivan and idc., the 21-year global market for ip&sip phones has been the fifth largest worldwide teleconferencing system in five consecutive years. The company owns more than 600 core audio-visual proprietary technologies, enabling desktop terminals, conference room terminals and personal terminals, and realizes technology.
At the same time, the company has stepped up its efforts to promote solutions and introduced multiple new products to enhance the competitiveness of solutions. In the last three quarters, the company released a national unified communications solution platform, ume 4.0, and a 360-degree panorama camera, developed jointly with Microsoft, smartvision 60.
With the continued roll-out of bluetooth headphones and new meets in four quarters, the integrity of the corporate meeting product matrix and the competitiveness of solutions have been continuously improved to provide sufficient dynamic energy for long-term growth.
While building a company-owned cloud-end solution, there is a deepening of collaboration with downstream conference software providers and industry-wide capacity with powerful audio and video hardware. The company is working with the big players of domestic and international conference platforms, such as Microsoft, Zoom, tethers, nails, flybooks, etc., to achieve parity with downstream conference software.
At the same time, the company anchored the solution route, which led to industrial solutions in the areas of government, education, health, finance, manufacturing, etc., with a growing market expansion, the 100 million network (300.628): performance exceeded expectations, "Cloud."
+ Ends build long-term competitiveness (2022-08-28) Billion Federation network (300628): epidemic acceleration uc market expansion, sip taps take off with wind (2022-04-18)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.