Mobile operations have grown steadily, and the industry’s digitalization has grown, with a net profit of 25.950 billion yuan (+24.4 per cent). Of this amount, 210.4 billion yuan (+8.6 per cent), 1 billion households (+11.7 per cent) and a 5g adjustment to attract a 5g user penetration rate of 50.4 per cent are in the industry.
Intelligent family business is invested in the new blue sea market, with incomes increasing by 25.1% over the same period.
In 21 years, the company earned 98.9 billion yuan (+19.4 per cent). The sky-wing cloud doubled its income and remained steady in the first quarter of the industry. Cost ends: (1) construction of 5g has reached its peak and cost side pressures have begun to subside.
The amount of $867.2 billion was spent on mobile networks, with 1.2 p.p. expenditure falling and a depreciation amortization charge of $92.97 billion (+3.0 per cent). The size of the depreciation amortization was greater than the capital expenditure of the year and the company's assets were gradually becoming “lighter.” Strengthening science and technology innovation, increasing the introduction of high-tech talent, and strengthening core technology research and development such as cloudnet integration and 5g.
The benefits of cloud networks are fully realized, and the industry’s digitalization becomes the main engine of growth. Companies are actively seized of the digital economy’s growth trends. Continued investment in industrial digitization is expected to increase by $27.9 billion over 22 years, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period.
China Telecom-601728-2021 Quarterly Performance Review: Double Revenue and Profit Promises for 21 years have been honoured and, in the light of the growth of corporate profitability and investment proposals for listing: We believe that in the context of the “digital economy”, companies continue to pursue the “Cloud Reversion” strategy.
Increased investment in the digitalization of the industry will boost the rapid development of the industry’s digital business. At the same time, mobility and width: double-digit growth in income profits, reverse rise in roe, double-digit growth in corporate earnings and sustained growth in profitability in 2021.
For RMB 43,96.6 billion, an increase of 11.7 per cent for the same year, and the income from services of RMB 40,2.8 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent for the same year. The net asset return rate of 6.1 per cent, an increase of 0.4 p.p. for the same year, was mainly due to higher net interest rates on corporate sales. The company announced its profit distribution programme, in which it found RMB 0.170 (including taxes) per share at the end of the year.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company ' s single-quarter principal revenue was 10.762 billion yuan, an increase of 8.58 per cent in the same year; the single-quarter net profit return was 2,625 million yuan, an increase of 22.14 per cent in the same year. Performance met expectations.
Figure 4: China ' s single-season net profit and increase in telecommunications (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: China ' s net profit and increase in telecommunications (in billions, per cent)
For the first time in the last three years, the firm has stopped expanding its 5g network investment, with a steady decline in asset size, a steady increase in income and a gradual increase in asset turnover, and a steady increase in net interest rates and asset turnover, while equity multipliers have gradually declined, and companies achieved a reverse increase in roe in 2021.
Figure 5: China's net assets rate of return on telecommunications (in %) Figure 6: China's telecommunications asset turnover and equity multiplier Income end: 5g drop to boost the growth of users and strong growth in industrial digital operations
In 2021, the income from mobile communications services was RMB 184.2 billion, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period. Mobile users reached 372 million households, a net increase of 2,141,000 households, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period. Of these, 5g users reached 187 million households, a net increase of 101 million households, an increase of 117 per cent over the same period.
It fell to $53.5 and fell by 18.8% the same year, which is a significant decrease. At the same time, the company made a significant reduction in the cost of the 5g package, which triggered a high growth in the number of users of 5g, which was 50.4% higher than expected, and higher than the same industry.
For the first time since, there has been a warming trend in the arpu value of smart household users, whose size has increased both. In 2021, corporate netting and intelligent household service income amounted to 113.5 billion yuan, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same period, and cable broadband users reached nearly 170 million households, with a full house full of wifi and Sky Wings.
The penetration rate of smart business users, such as homemakers, has increased rapidly, with intelligent household incomes increasing by 25.1% over the same year, broadband integration reaching RMB 45.9, or 3.4% over the same period, and industrial digitalized incomes amounting to nearly 100 billion. “Cloud change” has worked well, with companies digitizing their industries over the course of 21 years.
At the end of the cost, co-construction has worked well, and the share of the cost has increased less than the growth in operating income.
During the year, the company ' s capital expenditure in 2021 was $867.2 billion, slightly lower than expected (an early planning period of $87 billion), and infrastructure construction was in the medium term, with 1.2 p.p.g of the 1.2p.p.s of the 1.2p.p.m., 5g of the 1.2p.p.s of the 1.2p.m., and the growth in network construction, which slowed gradually, with the operator ' s capital expenditure on the 5g side starting to level or drop.
Sales costs are $92.97 billion, a net increase of $2.73 billion in 2020, reducing the share of service income by 1.1p.p. As the size of the 5g deployment increases, the corresponding depreciation amortization will rise over the next few years.
Figure 9: Depreciation of telecommunications and capital expenditure in China (in billions of yuan) Higher operating costs, 5g upgrading network quality. Companies’ operating costs in 2021 amounted to RMB 30,734 million, an increase of 12.9% over the same period last year, compared to the previous five years, mainly due to the 5g network.
As a result of the increase in the overall quality of the network ' s operations and the cost of driving the sale of the 5g end-products, the Department and China have implemented a shared construction effort, with the construction of 310,000 new 5g base stations in 2021, and the 5g network has been extended to all municipalities and parts of developed towns and cities throughout the country.
The cost of the three components of the cost increase is significant, at 97.0 per cent/11.6 per cent or 11.0 per cent, respectively. 5g network-scale construction led to a significant increase in the sale of mobile end-products, such as the company 5g mobile phone, which generated $31.3 billion in sales, 94.1 per cent more than in the same year, corresponding to an increase of 97.4 per cent in the cost of selling products, 5g network energy consumption was 2-3 times higher than the energy consumption of the 4g network.
At the same time, companies are focusing on promoting green low-carbon digital information infrastructure, increasing the development of 5g base stations and data centres for energy conservation, green transformation technologies, and predicting future growth in electricity costs to be manageable, and controlling operating costs such as energy consumption to a certain level of revenue.
The company ' s research and development costs in 2021 were $6.93 billion, an increase of 46.4 per cent over the same period last year, mainly due to the company ' s intensification of science and technology innovation, the increased introduction of high-tech talent, the consolidation of cloud networks, and the development of core technologies such as 5g. The R&D system for science, technology and innovation has been fully developed and is in the process of being developed.
Integrating key core technologies such as networks, ai, security, quantum, etc. into applied basic research, applied technology research and development, and Figure 11: China ' s telecommunications cost structure (in %)
13.990 billion yuan, representing an increase of 3.0 per cent in net inflows over the previous year, a rise in free cash flows of 15.39 billion yuan, or 6.0 per cent over the same period. Companies operate robustly, financial strength is further strengthened, and risk resistance is enhanced.
The firm’s deep integration of digital economic elements with the real economy, with the aim of “melting clouds, melting security, melting 5g, molten numbers, molten minding” as a tool to create an integrated and intelligent landscape solution that actively empowers traditional industries to transform and upgrade. The sky-wing cloud industry leads.
In 2021, the revenue from the sky-wing cloud doubled to $27.9 billion, keeping the government in the lead in the cloud market. The company strengthened the data centre.
*5g customized web innovation business models are abundant. The company’s 5g custom network commercial project covers all 15 priority sectors using the 5g “Showing” action plan, with over 1,200 land projects throughout the year.
The three types of custom-based networks, such as the Neighbors and the Wings, are fully equipped with 5g wide connectivity, high speed, low-time delay and data security features, enabling industry Internet, media integration, smart cities, smart mining, car networking, smart medicine, and increased investment to push the East and West to the ground. The company works and integrates around the country's “East and West” projects.
Data centre layout, full deployment of data centres, dci networks, arithmetic and sky-wing clouds, forward-looking deployment of power networks. Companies have increased their capital spending by $93 billion in 2022, an increase of 7 per cent.
The edge of the net’s basic resource base will drive sustained improvements in profitability. The momentum of corporate profitability growth and the commitment made at the time of listing are expected to gradually increase to 70% in the next three years, with investors sharing high-quality development results over the long term.
Investment Recommendations: In our view, in the context of the “digital economy”, the company's ongoing strategy of “crowd conversion” and investment in the digitalization of large industries, while maintaining the company's own cloud network advantages, will push industry digitalization operations into an accelerated period of growth in such areas as clouds, idc, 5g applications, and access to goods.
In view of the steady growth of corporate mobility and broadband operations and the rapid growth of industrial digitization operations, the valuations of the reporting companies, Telecommunications Spain, orange and kt stock companies are derived from consistent expectations Schedules: financial projections and valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject