Single-ticket prices continue to improve and add up to Carri's logistics, with more than 50 per cent of the increase in revenue.
Yoy+57.14% is the result of the combined Garrett logistics-related business income. Of this amount, the fast-tracking business realized 154.14 billion yuan, yoy+87%; 938 million items, yoy+8.31%; 1,053 million items, yoy+29.46%, respectively; and an increase in the share of preferential electricity items, single votes
For the first time in the year: 938 million fast-moving transactions were completed by companies in December, an increase of 8.31 per cent, slightly lower than industry growth (10.7 per cent), mainly the increase in social zero and net sales in December, a slowdown, and proactive corporate strategic balance, better product and customer structure, low prices
Multiple factors, such as the decline in the number of clients of value, have slowed down the volume growth. Companies completed their business in 2021 at a volume of 10,0534 million, an increase of 29.46 per cent, the first to break 10 billion. The company’s direct structure and air resources have laid the foundation for a time-limited service, which is based on four networks of accommodations, aviation, space, etc.
Resources, such as transport, have been synergized, expanding economic express, express, cold transport, medicine, and co-city dispatch services. Given the increasing demand in future markets for the quality of courier logistics services, differences in demand for products have created greater incremental space and companies have a leading brand advantage and quality of services.
At the end of the war, it became clear that the price of single votes for the head business had steadily increased, and that there was a positive advantage in being comfortable, improving product stratification, developing a targeted market strategy, adjusting the structure of the product, and bringing it up.
The new business continues to grow strongly: after Gary logistics has been integrated into a smooth system, the supply chain and the international supply chain have grown by 534.77%. The acquisition of Gary logistics will effectively complement the resources and capabilities of companies in the areas of international freight forwarding, customs clearance, etc., and will combine the wealth of international shipping resources with the standard companies.
International freight forwarders’ network, which further strengthens the competitive advantage of smooth international cross-border shipments. Profit forecasting: policy-regulated easing of price wars, continued optimization of the corporate product structure, product pricing, cost-control and automation upgrades, and four-line accommodations are helping to move forward.
The report is expected to be prepared by Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investment by Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.