The efficiency gains are significant, and the profitability increases on a quarterly basis.
Q4 net profit was about $1.13 billion, a 10 per cent increase over the same period, excluding the impact of the 21q4 table on Gary logistics.
bottlenecks, increased investment in network resources such as sites, equipment, transport, etc.; 2) 21q1 echoes during the epidemic and increased labour costs due to the increase in the number of staff retained and subsidies in response to the spring festival call; 3) companies enjoy a higher national premium on disease-related taxes and charges each year, 2021.
End of cycle. After a low performance of 21q1, the company actively adjusted its business strategy and continued to push forward client stratification and product structure optimization, with a steady push for efficiency reduction measures, along with stronger industry regulation, a warmer delivery industry as a whole, and a steady increase in profitability on a quarterly basis.
The improvement in the performance of the product portfolio is evident in the gradual restoration of the company ' s performance, with net net gains of q1-q4 at $113 million, $660 million, $810 million and $1.5 billion, respectively.
Speed operations have grown steadily: in 2021, company express service revenue was $12,843 million, a year-on-year increase, and steady growth has been achieved under the 2020 high-base period. (1) In particular, the economy was able to collect $32,270 million, an increase of 54.7 per cent over the same period, thanks mainly to a stratification around consumers of electricity.
High value-for-service service quality and price demand. At the same time, the network of 2021 allies is in its initial start-up phase, with 12 provinces, 140 cities and 884 federated sites completed, with a single billion yuan, an increase of 7.3% over the same period, benefiting from personal goods, business documents, medium- and high-end consumption and manufacturing.
Of these, more than 45% of consumer goods were sent, with better increases in supplies for mothers and children, personal cosmetics, alcohol, and so on. Fast-track revenues amounted to $23.25 billion, an increase of 25.6% compared to the previous year; and cold transport for the third year in a row, “China's Cold Chain.”
First, 7.8 billion yuan, a 20.1 per cent increase over the previous year; and the largest independent third party growing up in China with the same city, the instantaneous distribution service platform, which received 5 billion yuan, an increase of 59.1 per cent.
This is mainly due to the relatively low growth in the volume of economic express goods, which has had an impact on the overall average income, but as companies continue to refine product stratification, develop targeted market strategies, adjust product balances Profit forecasts: tight policy regulation of the price wars, industry starts to compete with the market, companies start to model.
In view of the repeated outbreaks of the country since March and the rise in oil prices, the firm ' s 2022 growth profile is robust, and it is expected to continue to grow robustly throughout the year, with companies continuing to enjoy four-line accommodations and fine-tuning of the costs of operations. In addition, 2022
The first half of the year is expected to see the pilot operation of the Oblast airport, which will provide a strong engine of growth for timeliness, international operations and supply chains, optimize the cost of the company’s ability to negotiate its products, and be resilient to its performance.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.