We're going to launch a $2 billion buyback program to show confidence in growth.
Incident: On the evening of 2 March, the company announced its plan to repurchase its own shares in the form of a centralized bid of $1 billion to $20 billion, a repurchase price not exceeding $70 per share, a repurchase of shares to be used for the implementation of an employee holding scheme or equity incentive scheme, and a repurchase period to be reviewed by the company ' s board of directors
Within six months of the adoption of the buy-back programme, the share will be about 0.58% of the total equity.
Consolidating corporate barriers to competition, avoiding external competition due to brain drain, and demonstrating management confidence
Quadrified, targeted market strategies, improved product structure, enhanced product pricing capacity, q4 single product combinations, companies still look at the electricity market, with a strong focus on electricity through a two-way branding of the Compass + Web
Trademarks are fast, high unit prices are high, and high-end groups are on the mark; high net-to-mark low-end markets are expected to raise the company’s market share. Moreover, at the cost end, the firm’s streamlined cost-control effect is achieved by the institutional investor’s share of the liquidity a.
It is clear that the four-net integration has led to a steady increase in operational efficiency, resulting in a non-net profit of q4 single-quarters, a gain of q1.45-16 billion, a 42-56 per cent increase in the same year, a 79-98 per cent increase in the ring, and a greater performance, which is expected to open up the space for international business growth through the integration of Gary Logistics: 21q4 merger of the Garry Logistics Concord
For performance, its supply chain and international operating revenues (including Kary Logistics and Tables) continue to rise, amounting to $27,467 million for 10 and q4 as a whole. Garry Logistics has a strong international cargo, integrated logistics and overseas resources, particularly in South-East Asia, with mature networks, couriers and supply chain configurations.
On the one hand, an increase in the rate of loading of the international airline, an expansion of the international air network, and an acceleration of China’s manufacturing out of the sea will rapidly increase the company’s ability to expand its overseas operations. Profit predictions: price wars will ease under tight policy regulation, and the industry will move from a “price war” to a “service war.”
On the basis of the pre-existing advantages of the company ' s direct camp model, and through a combination of resources such as four networks of accommodation, aviation, space and transport, the product operating model is constantly being optimized, capacity utilization is being enhanced and current competitive advantages are being consolidated.
And the supply chain provides a powerful engine of growth, the ability of companies to negotiate their products and optimize their costs, and the fact that the airport is not as productive as expected.