The 2019 performance was in line with expectations, and the industry landscape, coupled with an outbreak of national production-substitution support performance, maintained a high rate of growth and a high rate of “highly recommended” ratings.
The company released its annual performance report for 2019: operating revenue of 1,515 million yuan for the year 2019, an increase of 170.45 per cent for the year, net profit for the mother of 499 million yuan, an increase of 207.47 per cent for the year, of which q4 was $176 million for the first quarter, q4 was net profit for the mother of the year of 604 per cent for the same year, and performance continued to grow at a high rate.
Growth, in line with our earlier expectations. We believe that the company, as the country's leading radio front-end chip manufacturer, with its superior product strength and R & D levels, is expected to become the largest new product roll-out in industry development and national production substitution + further penetration of downstream customers, contributing to high growth in corporate revenue and performance.
Quarterly data show that the net profits of companies increased by 72.99 per cent, 144.23 per cent and 152.13 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, compared to 604 per cent in the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the same year, and the reasons for the accelerated growth in the second quarter of 2019: on the one hand, the company ' s customer structure increased significantly.
Improved, new client outreach has yielded some results; on the other hand, companies have introduced richer and more competitive products, and have achieved scale delivery, which has contributed to a significant increase in revenue and net profits. We believe that the company’s product strength and level of research and development has already gained access to the world’s top five Andrea mobile phone manufacturers, apart from apples.
There is still a low share of mobile phone manufacturers in the Great Andres, and there will still be a large share in the future, and the market will be wide. Industry + Client + Products will be hit three times, and help companies will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
On the industry side, 5g will drive a significant increase in the number and value of radio front-end chips, and a significant increase in the market space for radio-frequency devices. According to oytreatysresearchcenter, global radio front-end markets will reach $31.310 billion in 2023, with broad market prospects.
"O3 performance is higher than expected, domestic RF chip taps have entered mainstream terminal manufacturers, 3-star RF switch supply chain in 2012, and market share continues to accelerate rise" 2019-10-28
q3 Performance Directions are more predictable, domestic radio-frequency chips are supplied, and the market share continues to rise. In addition, the company's active filtration filters and pa are expected to intensify further.
The market competitiveness of real companies at the front end of the radio frequency provides the basis for their future sustained growth.h1 Performance meets expectations, new products, new customers plus " Forward layout pa and filters " , domestic radio frequency
"Clicks of the wind" 2019-08-19.