For the year as a whole, the expected high growth of 5g is about 10% - 9% growth - and the company q4 has continued its high growth of q3 with a sharp increase in the same year. We expect that the public division q4 will be partially cost-affected and the ring will continue to grow. In 2019, the company continued to strengthen its research and development innovation drive.
To benefit from the impact of the growth in demand from old and new end-users, the net profits from corporate operations and belonging to company shareholders have increased as compared to the same period in the previous year.
The unit, compared to the trend of 300 depths, has been benefiting producers in China, oppo and other countries for 19 years. The company's performance is expected to grow. The company's bulk products are imported in China, and it is expected to become a first-line supplier in China's latest flagship.
The company completed the technological development of a new generation of silicon-based high-performance Lina and introduced a large number of high-performance low-performance lna products based on silicon-based processes: while continuously upgrading the original lina to achieve further product performance and cost optimization.
In the formal beginning of the 5-g era, a new wave of radio frequency devices has grown in the 5-g to bring about an increase in cellular frequency, while high-end applications have grown as the smartphone market matures, and demand for cellular radio front-end chips will increase.
The market at the front end of the world radio frequency is expected to grow rapidly. The global radio front end market size is expected to be 16% in 18-23, with a total size of nearly US$ 31.3 billion in 2023. Companies, on the one hand, are improving existing product processes, while also increasing RF front end products such as layout filters, pa, etc.
The Division speeds up the layout modelling of products, opening up more room for growth. 1. We “recommend” the company's rating, taking into account the company's scarcity, during the three seasons of 300782.
Report: Three seasons of high growth, year-round growth, three seasons of trade friction between Central America and the United States, under-achievement of large clients, under-reflecting of large clients.
The report provides an advance assessment: three quarters of the year was exceeded, with Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtaining a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master ' s degree from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences at the Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.