The Center for Resource and Environmental Research performed a unique performance, three-fee reduction in cost control, company fundamentals (RMB)
18.9% higher than the net profit from the non-repatriation of 1.270 billion, or 19.2% more; and q3 revenues of $3.85 billion in the single season, with the best performance and a drop in the yield level. The net profit from the three major air returns was significantly higher than the average profit from the same period.
With more elasticity in prices, spring and fall aviation has achieved a steady increase in profits by fine-tuning its management, raising part of the fare, and maintaining a steady increase in profits. Notably, 2018q3 quarter rask has formed a low base, while the main Thai market on the international line has been affected by shipwrecking.
The negative impact of the dumping of ships in Thailand has not been eliminated owing to the limited operational capacity during the summer season. q3 Q3 quarter revenues, 11.5 per cent increase in passenger kilometre earnings, and the driving force of performance remains this year’s main growth point, with a 21.3 per cent increase in the q3 Q3 Q1 Q1 axis ask compared to the previous 21.3 per cent increase in the dumping of ships in Thailand.
With the impact of the Japanese line earthquake, the passenger rate on the international line of 2018q3 fell by the same 5.0 pct. Third-rate controls well offset some of the negative effects of the increase in oil prices.q3 quarter operating costs increased by 20.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis.q3 quarter operating costs were driven by higher oil prices, and q3 operating costs increased faster.
Good controls, with sales costs, financial costs and management costs falling by 30.3 per cent, 24.3 per cent and 1.5 per cent, respectively. Cost controls offset some of the negative effects of higher oil prices.
It is expected that the cooperation between the two sides will focus on low-cost flights at the air level, exploiting new growth points. The spring and fall may be followed by the south air advantage base.
The company’s low-cost model is recognized by the market. By raising fare prices and controlling costs in 2018, the negative impact of the slowdown in relieving capacity and the rise in oil prices has been extraordinary.
So, Su Bao-Lung, the yellow-fang ocean costs are higher than expected, oil prices are rising dramatically, disease and bad weather effects are on the rise.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment