The growth of new computer software for computers has been steady throughout the year, and the Big Star model has been fast-changing.
q4 is expected to earn more than $7.5 billion in operating income, an increase of more than 20% in the same year: it is expected to achieve a net return to the mother 300 million and an operating cash flow of more than $1.4 billion. q4 has been growing steadily throughout the year, and q4 income and profit performance have improved significantly.
Ministry factors influence the fact that the company has achieved positive growth in revenue, Māori over the year, and that the net return on the mother, non-net profit and cash flow have been positive, maintaining a healthy business as a whole. Specifically: 1) End-of-income: q4 income Maintains rapid growth, benefiting from high growth in hardware-type products of two-to-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-
At the same time, company q4 has improved its Māori rate at a time of rising income, reaching over $3.2 billion, a 25% increase in the same year and a 0.52pt increase in the Māori rate over the same period last year; and (ii) the profit end: since this year.
The company has significantly increased its research and development investment in technology and industrial support such as the one-size model, which has led to a downward trend in profit margins and withholding of non-net profits throughout the year, while the q4-quarter net profit and withholding of non-net profits were officially released, with a further breakthrough in core competencies.
It was reported that, for the purpose of Xiao Li Base, China's first autonomous, controlled and 100-billion-parameter model-based platform, Flying Star One, was launched jointly with China and was officially launched on 30 January 2024 on the basis of Flying Star One platform.
The Big Star Fire Awareness Model (V3.5). The Big Star Awareness Model (V3.5) has been further upgraded in seven core competencies, of which Science and Technology has improved overall performance in the second quarter, text generation has increased by 7.3 per cent in the country of ai layout, language understanding has increased by 7.6 per cent, knowledge questions and answers by 4.7 per cent, and logical reasoning by 9.5 per cent.
Mathematical capability rose by 9.8 per cent, code capability by 8.0 per cent, multi-model capability by 6.6 per cent and compared to gpt-4, the Great Star Fire Awareness Model v3.5 has exceeded gpt-4turbo in language understanding and mathematics, the code is capable of reaching 96 per cent gpt-4turbo, and the multi-model understanding of gpt-4v91 per cent.
In addition, in the first half of 2024, according to the company's plan, the Big Star Fire Model 4.0 will also be released and the logo gpt-4 fully matched.
The commercialization of ai/large model enabling products has accelerated, and developers are growing ecologically.
App262, more than 2,300 outputs completed; 3) content creation: 210,000 new members and 1.6 million audio video content have been generated since the launch of the company's audio-visual production tool “Study Intelligence” in May 23; 5,000 + companies have been served since the launch of the graphic creation tool “Starfire Content Master” in October 23
At the same time, the number of developers of the Big Open Platform is growing rapidly, and the circle is expanding. As of January 2024, the total number of developers of the Big Open Platform is now over 350,000, of which over 220,000 are business developers.
At the same time, its performance is expected to continue to improve as the beneficiary’s workforce is highly intelligent. Due to the external factors of the macro-economic outlook and the internal factors of increased investment in core technology R & D, we reduce the company’s earnings.