Business development for good health with continuous upgrading of the Big Star Model (002230.sz) 30/01/2024
• Large company models continue to evolve, and end-of-end applications are available on scale, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Companies issued a performance forecast for 2023, and corporate revenues and gross profits were rising in 2023. Firm corporate investment continues, and research and development in large model areas are making significant progress, with the signal spark v3.5 being released immediately.
Large models continue to evolve, and end-of-end applications are available on a scale that maintains a “buy-in” rating. • Business maintains healthy development, with investment in R & D dragging off non-profits. In 2023, companies are expected to earn more than $20 billion, an increase of about 7% over the same period, and are expected to achieve a net return to the mother.
To achieve more than $7.5 billion in revenue, more than 20 per cent in growth, $3.2 billion in gross profits, more than 25 per cent in growth, and more than $1.4 billion in operating cash flow. The company ' s major decline in non-profit profits is based on a sustained increase in investment in the Big Star model and core technology and industry packages, which provide a solid basis for the company to maintain its competitive edge.
Year after year, the net return profit, the non-net profit, and the cash flow have been positive, maintaining healthy business development. Significant progress has been made in research and development in the area of large models, with starlight 3.5 and large voice models published, i.e. firm corporate commitment in the area of large models, making significant progress. In October 2023, companies were associated with China.
On that day, the company will hold an upgraded launch of the Big Star Awareness Model v3.5: (1) the company will publish its first base.
Quickcut One Company Information Update Report - Series reasoning, language understanding, text generation, mathematical answers, codes, multimodels and capabilities have increased significantly, further approaching the latest level of gpt-4turbo; (2) first release of the Great Starfire Voice Model,
Launched by Starfleet 2.0, the company is expected to meet the requirements of the first 37 major languages that have gone beyond the wisper-large-v3 introduced by the Openai company; (3) Molotov cocktail dividend period - company update
For the first time, a large model of open-source “Starfires” was released, “Starfires open-source-13b”, with depths matched to national productivity, aid in development” (2023.8.16 persons, higher education institutions, and business autonomy.
"The value of the big one is continuously validated, the business is realized, it's worth looking forward to -- company update report."