Volatility in oil prices and the energy transition have led to corporate profitability - PEC (600028.sh) incident assessment report, China PEC issued annual performance report: total operating income for the entire year 2024
zhangwb@cfsc.com.cn fuhh@cfsc.com.cn 2024q4 1-quarter gross operating income of $708.21 billion, down by the same year
Gaomq@cfsc.com.cn Oil submersion and pressure on energy transformation. Gas business growth is difficult to compensate for petrochemical losses
In 2024, the international price of oil stunned down, with q4 Brent crude oil at an average price of $74, a decline of 10.67% over the same year, and a decline of 5.97% over the same period. As a result of the acceleration of the energy transition, demand for the country’s finished oil market also fell slightly in 2024.
Against this background, the sale price and volume of the company ' s finished oils were significantly affected, resulting in a pressure on performance. In 2024, the company achieved an average of $8,858/6790 per ton of petrol and firewood, respectively, down from $8,858 per ton in the same year.
1.4 per cent and 5.5 per cent; sales of petrol and diesel decreased by 0.7 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, and revenues from sales of corporate finished oils and other refined petroleum products in 2024 amounted to $183.1 billion.
An average price increase of 3.4 to 2230 yuan/km3 was achieved, and the volume of natural gas showed a strong upward trend, but it was difficult to offset the loss of finished oil in aggregate. In the chemical sector, the company relied mainly on basic organic chemicals, fibre-based monoliths, and aggregates.
The increase in sales and prices of goods and synthetic fibres has been increased by 523.9 billion yuan, corresponding to 1, China ' s petrochemical (600028):q3 performance.
2. " China ' s petrochemicals (600028): equal performance, improved cash flow, swath advantage companies continued to build up production in 2024, and the exploration and exploitation of plate capital expenditure RMB
82.3 billion yuan in the Sichuan basin overlying shale gas, risk exploration in the Pine States basin, 3, China ' s petrochemicals (600028): a major breakthrough was made in exploration projects such as the continuous increase of shale oil in the Bay Basin.
With the addition of high-quality reserves, lower oil prices catalyzed corporate profits of 515.35 million barrels eq, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period, of which the number of crude oil and total gas wells in the country grew by 1.86/ 5.75 per cent, respectively, and crude oil and natural gas were explored.
High investment in exploration and planned capital expenditure of $164.3 billion, of which 76.7 billion were allocated to exploration and exploitation panels, mainly for the construction of crude oil production capacity such as Ziyang and the Tar River, the construction of natural gas production capacity such as Dingshan-dong Creek, Kawasai and oil and gas storage facilities
It's a good example of a firm's strategic strength and firm confidence in the future, and it shows that the company's fundamentals have not changed significantly, and that the high score brings with it a high value for money.
Large swings in grids; declining demand for refined products; less than expected annual output: Chemical, new materials group presentation, corporate strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.