Short-term profits are still under pressure and the smelting plates are still waiting to be repaired Events: On the evening of April 28, 2025, China ' s petrochemicals released their first quarter report for 2025. The company achieved revenue of 735,356 million yuan in the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of 6.91 per cent in the same year and a rise in the ring
\triangleright season international oil prices as a whole show a two-phase trend of first falling and rising, the first phase of which was influenced by the Trump New Deal, plans by the United States to increase crude oil production, the easing of the Russian-Turkish conflict and the shock of international oil prices.
The second phase of the United States sanctions against oil-producing countries such as Iran and Venezuela rebounded in international oil prices. The average Brent oil price was $75 per barrel in the first quarter of 2025, a decline of 8 per cent compared to the previous period, with the ring increasing by 1 per cent.
Exploration and exploitation, refining, marketing, chemical panels realized operating gains of 117, 20, 40, and less than year-on-year, but the ring ratio improved significantly. Overall, corporate performance contributions continued to come mainly from upstream exploration and development panels, but downstream panels were repaired and specialized.
High-quality exploration and development has led to a steady increase in oil and gas equivalent production. In the first quarter of 2025, the company acquired full-power mining rights, increased reserves, enhanced high-quality exploration and efficiency development in the northern Gulf basins, towers, etc.
A major breakthrough was achieved in exploration in the Rig and Sichuan basins, where oil and gas equivalent production increased steadily. 130.97 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent were achieved by the company during the quarter, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same period, with crude oil production of 69.53 million barrels, a decrease of 1.2 per cent over the same period, and natural gas production of 368.43 billion barrels.
Cubic feet, an increase of 5.1% over the same period, refined plates with enhanced efficiency and a marked increase in the load of chemical installations. The refined plates, a quarter, remain relatively weak in overall oil demand, and companies insist on low-cost “oil conversion” and high-value “oil rotation”
“Technology”, continued optimization of plant loads and product structures, increased production of chemical raw materials and coals, processing of 62.13 million tons of crude oil, 1.8 per cent less than in the same year, production of 37.19 million tons of finished oil, 4.2 per cent less than in the same year, production of 1,133 million tons of chemical light oil, 11.3 per cent more than in the same year, subject to the domestic market of finished oil.
The demand for finished oil was weak, the sales volume of the company ' s finished oil continued to contract at the same time, with the total volume of finished oil distributed at 55.559 million tons a quarter, a decrease of 7.1 per cent a year, but the company accelerated the heating and replacement of stations, the network layout of the stations, the same increase in the volume of gas and replacement power, and the volume of the vehicle retailed at lang.
Two hundred and fifty million, a 116% increase in the same year. The chemicals section, Māori in the domestic chemical industry, has remained low for a quarter, and companies have optimized their raw materials, devices, product structures, and have significantly upgraded their loads, increased their production of profitable products, with a marked increase in the production of their main chemical products, and the company has been able to do so for one quarter.
Ethylene production was 3.861 million tons, an increase of 17.7 per cent in the same year, and chemical products, a total of 1997 million tons, an increase of 2.4 per cent in the same year.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company ' s net return profits in 2025-2027 to be cindasecuritiesco.ltd Goldline No. 127, Beijing West Side.
We maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating: risk factors: the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the company’s new capacity to produce less than expected.
Risk; risk of unrepaired downstream demand; risk of substitution for new energy car sales
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.