In April 26, 2023, the Xiangxi Coal industry published its annual report and a quarterly report. In 2022, the company Xiangxi Coal (601225.sh)
Realization of business income of $166,848 million, an increase of 9.55 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $35,123 million; operating income to the company of $44,809 million in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 13.09 per cent over the same period and 24.1 per cent over the fourth quarter; net return to the mother of $6,911 million, an increase of 10.58 per cent over the same period.
In 2022, Bing’s performance increased significantly, with a net return of 10.58% on the same year as the sales of 2023q1, and the advantage of a high-quality powered coal resource. The firm’s active implementation of the production-insurance requirement and the injection of higher yields into Bing’s mine last quarter.
Tens of tons, a 23.3 per cent decline in the same year, were sold by companies at a cost of $668.97/tonne, an increase of 14.7 per cent in the same year. The cost per unit cost of production of coal was $238.3/tonne, an increase of 6.5 per cent in the same year. The increase was mainly due to an increase in labour costs (+6.9 per cent), transportation costs (+10.5 per cent) and other costs (+9 per cent).
Māori reached $430.64 per ton, an increase of $7.132 per ton over the same period. The value of the company ' s coal plate increased by 73.01 billion yuan, an increase of 7.86 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate reached 44.91 per cent, while the carbon sales increased by 12.5 per cent to 40.44 million tons over the same period.
The price was $1130 per ton, a 3.7 per cent decline in the same year, while companies benefited from the advantages of good coal quality, low extraction and a 10.58 per cent increase in the net return on the same year. We believe that the lower season of coal consumption affected the port price, but that overall prices remain high and are projected to be higher.
With the “summer of the summer,” the demand for electricity and coal will probably continue to grow, coal prices are expected to recover steadily, and corporate performance will continue to grow robustly. Without a change in the robust growth of net profit, diversified multi-level investments contribute to the second growth curve.
Non-recurring gain/loss of $5.712 billion a year, resulting mainly from the disposal of non-current assets $12 billion a gain/loss on disposal and accounting for changes in shares held in the company in the second quarter
In this way, investment returns, such as gains and losses on fair value changes, are reduced by $5.58 billion. Excluding the effects of non-recurrent subjects, the company realized a net profit of $29.41 billion, an increase of 43.61 per cent over the same period, which is indicative of the company.
To date, the company has invested more and more in Lungi Green Energy, the new shape, the lithium industry, the Sant'House, the shares of Tongwei, the gas, etc. through capital operations.
In the future, companies will gradually deploy strategic industrial investments, such as new energy sources, coal-chemicals, and develop new models of “financial investment plus strategic investment plus industrial investment” that will increase profitability, in the context of controlling secondary market patterns.
We believe that the new multilayered and multi-layered investment model that companies implement, combining and supporting each other, contributes to the horizontal and vertical extension of the industrial chain, and the second growth curve in the expected performance of their contribution. Cash acquisition of Bing and Shinobu mining, with the growth of extra-explicable production capacity, has injected momentum into the company’s coal growth.
Lei. In 2022, the company acquired the mining of Bingu (14,378 million) and the mining of Shinnan (20.45 billion), which was achieved in the fourth quarter. The mining company, Mon village and small-scale coal mines belonging to the mining industry, produced 6 million tons of each capacity for a year, is expected to gradually release capacity and contribute to production in the short term; the mining industry of Shinnam is currently holding the Elm mine.
The company is currently actively pursuing pre-qualification procedures to obtain approval for start-up work during the “1450” period, and the profits it distributes in cash in each year are not less than those available for distribution that were realized in the same year.
The value of the investment is further highlighted by the fact that the company’s real dividends have always been better than those of the high-score properties of cash. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we believe that there is still pressure on the electricity and coal supply in the second quarter of the summer.
Risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainties: geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; \triangleright
Instability of policies in the coal, electricity-related industries, safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc. Member of the Operational Audit Committee, member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years, presided over “XIII”.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice; June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of China's Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, who was formerly a Master of Financial Sciences
Research on large energy panels, such as electricity and natural gas. High-level, Ph.D. in Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked on coal mines for many years, in technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June of that year for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications and in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied the coal and electricity industries. Wu Bo-Jing University, Master of Industrial Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where he studied the coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.