Three-quarter review of Ely's shares (600887.sh): Short-term operating pressure, long-term demand is still good.
Growth of 0.45 per cent; operating income of $30.287 billion in the three quarters alone, 6.72 per cent more than in the previous quarter; maternity; short-term impact of the epidemic on gift demand; low milk q3 performance; other product growth rates; missing and low consumption demand; consumer consumption of high-end white milk; and therefore high-end white milk.
The growth rate of temperate products has slowed, while the growth of basic white milk has remained in double digits, with a combination of three quarters of liquid milk sales slowing down overall performance. Milk powder, cold drinks, cheese, etc. have remained steady, with milk powder growing at more than 20%, especially one powder increasing at a higher rate, and companies receiving customers.
Capacity continues to be strengthened; cold drinks continue to be a leader in the industry; and the cheese class has jumped to second place in the industry. Sub-channels show $8,9540/2802 million in demand for each of the previous three quarters. Sub-regions see North China/South China/China/East China/other harvests in the first three quarters.
By the end of the third quarter, there were 19321 corporate cooperative distributors, a net increase of 443 compared to the end of the second quarter, and companies under the epidemic continued to promote channels. Structural adjustment of the Māori rate was robust, with the cost rate rising net interest rate under pressure.
At the cost end, the net interest rate of the company q3 fell by 3 percentage points to 6.3% over the same period, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the cost of sales in the three quarters of the same year, with an increase of 3.3 percentage points over the same period.
18.75 per cent. The main reasons for the three-quarter profit burden of the company alone are: 1. Disruption effects of the epidemic. Postponement of the roll-out, concentrated in the three-quarters, with a higher cost factor. 2. Fairness of the Aoi inventory. Effect of change in value, and increase in the cost of sales under the inventory through the Aoi channel, and subsequent elimination of sales
In the short term, the q4 spread epidemic continues, but the momentum has improved according to the October performance, while q4 is expected to be more resilient in the spring season.
On the corner, the average per capita consumption of dairy products is lower than in Japan and Korea, where there is a similar dietary culture, and the future incremental space is still available.
With better milk sources, product lines, and channels, the goal of the milk industry at first sight is being achieved, while the high Māori powder harvest ratio will continue to improve the company’s Māori ratio. In addition, the company’s cheese, low-temperature milk, which is well-motivated, is now in the category of broken-down products head, accompanied by a few.
As scale rises, it is expected that future gains will be added to the company’s profits. As a result of the fall in a single three-quarter liquid milk camp, the company’s profits are forecasted downwards, public pressure is expected, but consumer demand for health remains constant in the long run, with high-end liquid milk, milk powder, etc.
There is still room for improvement in the ratio of tradables, structural upgrades and continuous improvements in the price of original milk, and firm net interest rates are expected to rise slightly. Corporate stock prices have been rewinded significantly recently, and the current valuation level has reached the point where the epidemic has led to weak demand, volatile original milk prices, food security, and competition has increased the risk of price wars.