Eli (600887.ch): The performance of 3q22 has not been as satisfactory as the long-term fundamentals have been stabilized; the short-term preference for Monx is that the income and profits of 3q22 are significantly lower than market expectations.
In addition to the impact of the epidemic, the weak performance is mainly due to the company's own operations and short-term strategy adjustments.
The problem is a one-time factor that has led to a lack of forward-looking demand for China’s dairy market in the long run, and the underlying state of the economy as a whole. • The reason why income from 3q22 was lower than expected: within 3q22, the income from business was almost equal.
On October 31, 2022, slow exits were cleared of pipeline stocks; (2) priority markets in the Eli sector were more affected by the epidemic than competitive ones.
This is partly offset by a decline in sales of pyrolytic acids, milk beverages, and cold products. It is reassuring to note that Irene's milk business and ice cream continue to show a better performance (with an increase of about 20 per cent and 35 per cent compared to the same year), while O.K. 3q22's income is rising.
In our view, Eli’s short-term weaker income performance is due to a combination of the epidemic and the company’s own marketing rhythm, which has nothing to do with industry’s end-market demand and the competitive environment. The 3q22 cost rate rises dramatically: the Māori rate is based on a similar expansion of 0.6 ppt.
The sales cost of profit 3q22 has expanded by 3.4 ppt over the same period, resulting in a significant decline in the profit margin of ebit, with a total market value (million yuan) of 4 ppt.
This is mainly because of the negative leverage of liquid milk revenues and the fact that some of the costs of advertising and co-sponsorship have been deferred from a concentration of 2q22 to 3q22. Today, the market comforts that the extra costs are spent mainly on long-term branding rather than on short-term marketing grants.
Cost adjustment increased by 1.1 ppt on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the acquisition of Aoyo. 4q22 Outlook: Despite the challenge of liquid milk at 3q22, management indicated that after entering 4q22, competition patterns in the market improved, distributors were more willing to buy and liquid milk started to grow again.
With the help of early spring, sales costs are expected to decrease by the same year in order to achieve a double-digit increase in business income within management target 4q22, and the ebit profit rate is expected to increase significantly by the same year. Management maintains the goal of maintaining a consistent year-round profit rate of 2022.
In terms of short-term risk returns, we think that Monx is better than Eli. • Investment risk: industry demand slows, domestic brand competition outpaces expectations, and the epidemic repeats itself.
Pilgrim International Spdbi's optimism and pessimism scenario
An optimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability grew better than expected, and liquid milk sales grew at the same rate in 23 years; milk powder grew by more than 20 per cent in 23 years on a year-on-year basis.
Twenty-three years of milk powder business increased by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 23 years of advertising cost decreased by 50 bps. 23 years of advertising cost increased by 40 bps.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]