Food and beverage dairy products Eri shares: short-term performance pressure, expected improvement of the ring Income analysis: liquid milk drags overall performance, and milk powder is growing rapidly in the first three quarters of 2022.
The company achieved a revenue of 93.5 billion yuan, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same year (q1:+13.5 per cent; q2:+11.2 per cent; right. 1) Sub-products: liquid milk drag companies as a whole, with 22.21 billion yuan (-4.9 per cent) in liquid milk revenues, mainly due to the impact of the missing consumer scenes under the epidemic.
Milk powders and dairy products show good performance, with $22.3 billion (+64.7%) in revenue, mainly in the public sector. Cold drinks produce $1.91 billion (+35.3%), mainly in the continued high temperature of q3 to boost cold drinks.
There are 19321 (+32.7%) dealers in q3 companies, of which North China, South China, Ben Felley analyzes: the Māori rate has risen steadily and the cost rate has slowed the profit performance.
In addition, the price of fresh milk q3 is lower than the same price. The sales rate of 22q3 is 18.8% (+3.3pct), mainly due to the higher rate of the Ministry of Liquefied Milk and the delayed transmission of some of the effects of the amphibious disease until the third quarter.
q4 Outlook: Demand is expected to improve with a flat annual profit margin. At the income end, it is not expected that the outbreak policy will improve gradually, q4 will enter the marketing season, spring season will be added to last year's low base, and the certification code:
At the end of the cost, the price of q4 original milk is expected to fall, and the cost burden will be reduced slightly.
Eli shares: short-term performance pressure, expected ring improvement cost side, influenced by a one-time winterary cost input over the same period last year, is expected to have a certain decline in the q4 sales cost rate, which is expected to maintain the previous goal of not falling net interest rates throughout the year.
Long-term outlook: the product matrix has been enriched, the strategic layout of the whole channel has been enhanced, and the competitive advantage has continued to grow. 1) At the end of the product: the firm’s leader is strong, and the cold-drinking business of Cylonz as the first brand of ice cream.
In the first place in the market, the gold-column organic, Ammush and other star products continue to thrive, while at the same time actively pushing for new, focused organic milk, dairy nutrients, as well as growing numbers of cheese snacks, natural mineral water, and at the same time increasing the company's ability to innovate and meet the consumer's rising consumption needs.
The company will remain stable in the medium to long term.
In addition, it is hoped that efficient linkages between domestic and South-East Asia and New Zealand bases can be achieved by actively exploring overseas markets, building on global supply chain agreements and operating platforms.
Business brings more business growth opportunities. 3) Energy end: the company will continue to optimize its domestic and external market and production base linkages by implementing the “global network” scheme and will continue to improve global integrated supply, production and marketing planning across the globe
(b) Profit forecasting and valuation: companies are under pressure to pay their revenues for the short term affected by the epidemic, corporate liquid milk marketing rings have improved since September, and q4 revenue growth rings are expected to rise and profit margins are restored.
Eli shares: short-term pressure on performance, expected improvement on ring: short-term pressure on performance, expected improvement on ring
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.