The company's review report, the beverage milk.
In general, the 22q3 income end growth loop ratio is slowing, mainly because the epidemic limits the high end white milk, the normal-temperature-acid milk terminal, and the company takes the initiative to control the delivery to maintain the price plate and channel inventory.
Sliding is driven mainly by pyrolytic milk, low-temperature products, and milk powder/cheese perform well. The second growth curve is expected to be clear in the previous three quarters, respectively. In terms of channels, there are 19321 distributors at the end of 2203, sales costs perturbated, and 22q3 returns. The net profit returned to mothers in the first three quarters of 2022 was 8061 million, compared to the same amount.
Milk costs fall and products are optimized. Cost: 22q3 sales cost 18.8%, compared to +3.3pc, mainly due to a slowdown in revenue growth that reduces the scale effect, in addition to a partial delay in advertising until the launch of 22q3 and a positive increase in fair value changes can offset only a small portion.
In the medium-to-long term, the company is still considered to be a champion of dairy growth with certainty and growth: 1) the dairy industry still has the attributes of a large spatial + structural optimization + competition: 2) the company has the advantage of a source of milk and is competitive in brands and channels.
New products such as milk powder + cheese are expected to successfully construct a second-growth curve. The “recommended” rating is maintained, taking into account the scope for product upgrading in the dairy industry and the company’s competitive advantage as a leader.
Report: Focus on post-influenza recovery and improved profitabilitya opportunities Monthly Dynamic Report on the Galaxy Industry: Demand Phases Weak Recovering and Beer Industry Performance High
Figure 1: Quarterly income and rate of increase of IRI shares, Figure 2: Quarterly profit and Quick increase of IRI shares, Figure 3: Quarterly change in profitability of IRI shares
Figure 4: Quarterly income structure of Elie's stock stock stock stock: Outstanding: Qinghua University Bentsu, 2007, entered the securities industry and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2011. Years of research experience in the consumer sector. Liu Guangmi: Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering the catering supply chain, spices, soft drinks, milk
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.