The company's incident assessment report (600887.sh) published a tri-quarter report in 2022.sunss@cfsc.com.cn
Short-term performance pressure, pending four-quarter improvement The intense sales cost input together with the increase in the fair value of the transactional financial assets is due to a sales cost ratio of 1.2 pct and an administrative cost rate of 0.2 pct.
The trend in cold drinks, milk powder and cheese is positive and is expected to continue to expand by the end of the year. By product category, 2022q1-q3 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/refrigerated products series (22q3), with 19321 distributors, a net increase of 4762.
1 Ely Shares (600887), Performance Note: Three-quarters drop in average milk income, basic white milk is growing, milk powder and milk production are expected to match, major products are going well 2022-2022-
The food, cold drinks business has continued to grow with good feedback on warm cheese, and the Māori rate is expected to improve, as is the report of the Chinese Stock Exchange *Eli. 20221 coverage of 500,000 points is completed, with a concussion expected at the end of the year.
Millions of homes are broken, and rapidly sinking market cover is achieved. The industry chain, through a confluence of strengths, does. Positive feedback *20220802 *Sunsan Hills, convergence of innovation, convergence of energy for upgrading and sustainable development, corporate global.
The first goal of the dairy industry is expected to be achieved before and after 2025, with rapid growth, the acquisition of Oyu to strengthen the powdered milk collar, and we look forward to the company's perfecting of the entire fabric of the industrial chain, and the fine-tuning of the product matrix.
Subtract macro-economic risks, epidemic consumption, increased competition, higher costs of raw materials, less than expected growth of core products, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.