Epidemic and cost disruption, short-term performance pressure on Ily shares (600887.sh) Epidemic and cost short-term disturbance, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
The Ily shares achieved a total revenue of $30.398 billion, an increase of 6.66 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $1,929 million, which was multiplied by the company's multi-business layout, which allowed for a steady increase in profitability over the long term and maintained a “buy-in” rating.
For example: (1) the main causes of the drop in liquid milk are: (i) the impact of the epidemic has led to the imposition of regional seals; (ii) control by the owner of the company to maintain channel profits and ensure channel health; (iii) the overall weak recovery in the liquid milk industry; (iii) low-temperature milk is still under pressure; and (ii) the growth of white milk is slowing but still growing steadily; (ii) the growth of the milk powder business is strong.
The company’s combined operations are expected to increase steadily throughout the year. The net interest rate of 2022q3 fell mainly as a result of higher sales rates, which were optimized and higher than Māori milk and powder operations. The main reason for the increase in sales rates was: (1) slower sales of liquid and milk, larger.
The effect has been reduced and the rates have been raised passively; (2) Ao Yu and the chart; and (3) Integrated Art shows have been placed centrally. The company’s sales rates have been raised on a par with the impact of the presentation. Looking ahead, the business structure is expected to optimize consistently over the year, with an increase in the Māori rate; and the higher rates of high rates such as milk powder, cheese, etc., are expected to increase slightly over the higher overall sales rate.
• Anmush's new products perform well and have the potential to grow rapidly. “The epidemic affects the short-term pressure on liquid milk and leads the lead in the company's multi-business development: (1) 20221-o3, double-digit growth in gold, organic gold and anam.
Sufficiency - Corporate Information Updates: (ii) Ammush's new product has performed well, four geographically restricted yoghurt and steam products have collectively passed over 2 billion; (iii) it has taken the lead in launching a new national label product, with infant powder rising to the top of the industry, adults.
Overperformance, with the opening of the door – corporate letters, milk powder, tops the market; and (4) cheese business is growing rapidly, at a rate of about 30% or more. The company's liquid milk leadership is strong, its potential is strong, and steady growth can be achieved under multi-operational strategies.
The Spring Festival is open-door, multi-operational, profit-enhanced - company updates.