Incidents: Eli published three-quarters reports in 2022. 22q1-3 company generated $9.350 billion, equivalent to +10.42 per cent; net profit for mothers was $8.061 billion, equivalent to +1.47 per cent; net demand for non-repatriated mothers continued to be pressured, delaying performance.
According to the National Statistical Office, in January and August of this year, the country produced 2,035 million tons of dairy products, or 2.1 per cent of the total; in January and June, the country produced 151.1 million tons of dairy products, or 1.0 per cent of the total; and in July and August, it produced 2.49 million tons of dairy products and 2.57 million tons of dairy products, respectively.
The number has increased, with white milk, the basis of which is a fresh-demand attribute, slightly faster than the gold medallion, which has affected the ceremonial scene, and Ammush, which has stagnated the rate of liquid milk. (Note: q3 Ammush has shrunk somewhat.) In addition, many of the company ' s products have kept growing at a high rate, with powder and milk.
In terms of Māori, the price of milk in and outside q3 countries has continued to increase by q2 on a year-on-year basis, raising the company ' s Māori q3 ratio by 0.6 pct on a year-on-year basis. However, the overall rate of growth in liquid milk operations has slowed, and the scale effect has been suppressed.
The company ' s q3 sales rate rose passively to 18.8 per cent, compared to +3.3pc; moreover, the management rate was the same as \triangleright.
Formally integrated into the Ely statement, Oyo contributed less to the profit end of Ely ' s q2-3 as a result of the impact of fair value of the inventory. With the elimination of Olysses, the income of Elyq1-3 grew by about 7%, with both revenues and profits growing the same way, so the company expects that the operating profit of q4 Uly will be positive.
\triangleright day, ahead of 1 February 2022, when the dealer's pre-positioning at q4 will result in a positive contribution. \triangleright day
In the medium-to-long run, China’s market space on the bottom line of dairy products is still large, and consumption is still high.
For the year, the company maintained its goal of growth in double digits and a profit margin of 9-10 per cent.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: valuations and base surfaces are either present or available, and opportunities are captured. \triangleright dcf valuations are based on Wacc10% and phase II models are faked. \triangleright dcf valuations are based on wcc10%
Set, at the same time, assuming that fcff = net profit, conservatively growing at a rate of 10% in the first three years and at a rate of 3% per year in three years, corresponding to about 18x per cent. In fact, it is clear that the real annual growth of the company after three years will remain above 3%.
The impact of the epidemic will diminish over time, and consumer demand will recover. We adjust the company’s profit projections slightly to the company’s q3 performance, but we think that the bottom of the company’s valuation and fundamentals may be present at the same time, hoping that investors will grasp it.
Risk factors: Food safety problems, prolonged epidemics, increased competition in the industry \triangleright was a researcher at the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, looking at valuations and security margins. The personal public: a food drink study. You don't know how to talk, you break the depth, you walk out slowly. You do a little temperature-based industrial research, you try to work with stock understanding for investors.
The main areas covered are pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, succulent foods), spices (sophisticated with seafood, millet foods, smelting vegetables, succulent foods, Qinghai International, etc.).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, a mammoth giant, and one year of food and beverage research experience.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.