São Paulo shares (300661), electronics, internal research, robust development, simulation of the future of the leader, Southwest Securities Institute
Events: 24-year annual company reports and 25q1 quarterly reports. 24-year company revenues of RMB 3.35 billion (+28.0 per cent) and net profit of RMB 50 million (+78.2 per cent) to the mother. 25-q1, company revenues of RMB 790 million (+8.3 per cent) and net profit of RMB 60 million (+9.9 per cent) to the mother and performance growth robustly.
• A robust development of internal research, with 25q1. The company published a 24-year report, during which it increased its research and development investment and introduced a new product with a world-class product that meets market demand.24 The product matrix is continuously expanded throughout the year, looking at alternative opportunities for automobiles/industrial national production. The company’s products are widely used in industrial regulation.
In the reporting period, the company launched a new product with a world-class product that meets market demand.
Items, including high-precision voltage benchmarks, high-segregated high-bandwidth double-channel differential simulation switches, two-way charge pumps, four-channel amoled display of screen source chips, synchronised dc/dc boost chip, high-precision current detection, and more than 700 products, covering a wide range of product classes and disaggregated applications.
The Division has continued to deepen the layout of vehicle-grade products in both the signal chain and power management areas, has completed multi-grade vehicle regulations, simulated the development and industrialization of chips, ensured that products meet high industry standards in terms of functional safety and performance performance, improved the strategic layout of the company ' s vehicle chip market and enhanced its international competitiveness, and is expected to benefit from the wider future.
Over the next three years, the compound increase in net profit returns is expected to reach 29.4 per cent. The firm's deep-farming simulation industry, which has been a national model for many years, is an absolute leader of the proposed company, with a number of materials of almost 5900 and a wide range of products and downstream coverage, and is less sensitive to the volatility of the detailed subsectors. Over the past few years, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, with a low rate of national production.
Material reserve: As policy uncertainty is gradually being catalyzed, we believe that downstream customers will focus more attention on supply chain security, that the process of national substitution is expected to accelerate, and that companies, as simulators, are expected to have a simulating chip leader in the country.
1.1 Company Profiles: Focus on Simulation Chips Development, Expanding the Product Matrix Model Industry Leads, Internal Developments and Robust Developments. São Bong Weiwe Electronics (Beijing) Inc. is a high-technology firm that focuses on high-performance, high-quality simulation integrated circuit research, development and marketing.
At the beginning of the building, the core client base was targeted for a variety of industrial applications, and the product line width was gradually expanded from operation magnifiers and ldo to complete analogue signals, mixed signal modem links and complete system power management product lines. The sgm 40562 high-voltage battery charger and sgm 41000 chip battery protections were launched in 2016, and the sgm 41,000 chip cell protections were in 2017.
From 2018 to 2021, the company began a series of mergers and acquisitions, which led to the acquisition of Dalian Alpha, Xiaotai semiconductor, Shanghai Ping Sheng Sheng, Hangzhou, Qing Xinzhou and Shanghai. The company ' s product lines are enriched and synergized. The product matrix is full, and the technology research and development strategy for autonomous innovation guides the firm ' s robust growth goals.
Serial chain simulation chips include a variety of operations magnifiers, instrument amplifiers, comparisons, modem converters, simulation frontends, audio power amplifiers, simulation switches, electro-level conversion chips, etc.; power management model
Overpressure protection, load switches, battery charge management chip, battery protection chip, motor drive chip, mosfet drive chip, etc., can be widely applied in areas such as industrial control, automobile electronics, communications equipment, consumer electronics and medical instruments, as well as in emerging markets such as material networking, new energy and artificial intelligence.
Since its inception, companies have focused on R & D inputs, increasing their R & D inputs over the years, and developing and accumulating a range of core technologies and products with internationally advanced levels. In the context of the overall slowdown in semiconductor sales as a result of the global macroeconomic downturn, companies have become more self-sufficient.
Key R & D strengths and innovative capabilities provide long-term robust support for their performance growth.
At the same time, companies are actively expanding their overseas operations, gaining broad recognition from international clients and gaining significant market breakthroughs with excellent product performance, reliable quality assurance, and efficient technical support. Companies are continuously increasing their R & D investment in core technology and innovation products, focusing on driving car-level chips.
Building on existing core technology and product competitive advantages, forward-looking industry and high-end technology such as car chips, third-generation semiconductors, power sources, new energy sources and storage sources are actively pursuing product pre-research and technology reserves to foster new product lines and business growth points. At the same time, firms are steadily promoting industrial investment and mergers.
On the basis of the consolidation of endogenous growth, external development opportunities are actively sought around the core majors’ long-term strategy for conglomerate companies. By strengthening synergies and integration with firms associated with the industrial chain, promoting industrial integration and resource synergies, and further accelerating corporate overall development and continuously improving integrated competitiveness.
Companies take full advantage of existing operations to explore other areas, and the core competitive advantages are evident. 1) Adherence to autonomous innovation, building technological barriers: through sustained research and development (R & D) strategies, companies have developed a number of core technologies with fully autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs), and have established a broad, performance-friendly, high-performance chip simulation product matrix.
The Division ' s products are widely applied in a number of areas, such as industrial control, automobile electronics, communications equipment, consumer electronics and medical instruments, and its combined performance indicators are higher than, if not better than, the international level of the same product. 2) Product performance is superior and close to market demand: companies focus on research and development and industrialization of high-performance simulation chips, product performance is above the international front line, and some key performance indicators have been exceeded.
A series of high-performance simulators, such as ultra-low power consumption amplifiers, high-efficiency dc/dc converters, multi-channel amoled power sources, have been introduced to broadly meet customer demand for multi-dimensional performances such as high accuracy, low power consumption, and small envelopes.
A new generation of company products has gradually adopted more advanced manufacturing and encapsulation techniques in the process. Companies have developed production management systems that are aligned with international standards through the certification of the Iso9001 and the Iso14001 quality and environmental management systems.
At the same time, the company continuously expands its marketing network, taking into account direct marketing and distribution patterns, and continuously upgrades brand influence and industry visibility. Members of the company’s nuclear team have many years of work and management experience in internationally renowned semiconductor companies.
Talent, especially senior R & D personnel, have led to an increase in corporate R & D capabilities, the expansion of product lines, and the extension of product technology. The company's main operations include, inter alia, power management products and signal chain products, specifically: in 2024, the source management product achieved operating income of 2,182 million yuan, an increase of 24.95 per cent over the same period, based on the collection structure.
At a relatively high level, mainly as a result of increases in market extension fees, share payments, wages and social security. 25q1 companies sold their operations with an increase in the volatility of cash flow, with a significant increase in 25q1. In the period 2019-2024, the cash flow for business activity was billion yuan, an increase of 221.87 per cent over the same period last year. The net cash flow for business activity for 25q1 companies was 92 million yuan, an increase from the same period.
1366.84%, mainly as a result of increased cash flow recovered from the sale of q1. Scenario 1: power management. Companies have a wealth of products, including ldo, dc/dc lift transformers, amoled power chips, pmu, load switches, overpressure protection, motor-driven chips, mosfet, etc., and companies promote low-performance research and development
Diversified products such as low-voltage differential charger chips, high-efficiency low-energy power switching and driver chips, combined with internationally advanced performance quality and partially achieved volume production. The downstream applications of corporate products range from auto electrons, consumer electronics, industry, smart medicine, drones. We expect an increase in the number of orders for power management chips in the company for 25-27 years.
Assumption 2: signal chains. Company signal chain products include a variety of operations magnifiers, instrument amplifiers, comparisons, modem/mode converters, afe, audio power amplifiers, simulators, temperature sensors, electro-level conversion chips, mini-logic chips, etc., the parent ball is developing high-precision modulus/digital conversion chips and temperature sensors chips, high-performance transport and comparison cores.
The new application markets and customers are gradually being developed, helping companies to consolidate and strengthen their dominance in the area of signal chains products. The company is expected to grow by 25/25.23% in 25-27 years, Māori, considering the scope of the business, we have selected Sreip, Nacchi, and Jawart as comparable companies: because of me in recent years,
In 2025, three companies used a nine-fold average of ps. The company's deep-farming simulation industry, which has been the absolute leader of the domestic simulation company for many years, was almost 5900 item numbers, with a wide range of products and downstream coverage, and was less sensitive to the volatility of the industry.
Companies continue to increase their R & D investment to build up material reserves in areas where national production rates are low; as policy uncertainties become more catalytic, we believe that downstream customers will focus more on supply chain security, that the process of national production substitution is expected to accelerate, and that companies will do so for no reason, no reason, and will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.