Industry recovery has led to low performance and steady growth in heavy-pound products for rapid profit growth.
In 2016, there was a significant decline in performance as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident.
Vaccine procurement models, which in the short term have had an impact on the company ' s performance. The company ' s share of low Māori sales of proxy products declined in 2016. Also, costs cannot be reduced as revenue falls, as business income falls by a larger margin than in 2016.
There has been a marked increase, with sales rates of 45.21 per cent, an increase of 11.66 percentage points from the previous year, and a gradual recovery of the vaccine market in the second category, with steady performance starting to improve. The impact of the Shandong vaccine incident is being phased out and the vaccine market in the second category has been moved.
The revenue structure (y2016) is gradually recovering. Last second quarter was the lowest point in the company’s performance, starting with the third quarter, where the company’s revenue and profit ring and profit margin were all recovering, and according to the performance forecast for this year’s quarterly report, it is expected that one will be able to recover.
Quarterly net profit of $44.398 million net of non-recurring gains and losses - $6,2158.3 million - is expected to lead to new growth from future heavy-pound products The company ' s exclusive product, ac-hib vaccine, is expected to be released in 2017 and issued in excess of batches
In addition, the company agent ' s Hpv vaccine rate was approved in 2017, and according to the agreement, the base purchase plan for Hpv vaccine is about 1,140 million yuan for the first year, 1,483 million yuan for the second year and 1,853 million yuan for the third year, which will be an important profit growth point for the company.
The company is researching a wealth of products, with large varieties such as acyw 135 cerebral combination vaccine, acyw 135-hib combined vaccine, and preventive micro-cards expected to be approved in almost one to two years. New products are sold below expectations, research and development are at a slower pace than expected, and industry policy risks are at risk.
Values are higher than average levels in the pharmaceutical biology industry. The company is a leader in the country for type II vaccines, and its performance is gradually recovering as the national vaccine policy for category II warms; the company is strong in research and development, and many new innovations, multi-priced vaccines, will be marketed over time to build new profits.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.