Together with Misu7ultra, high-end bureaus show hard power, incident: On February 27, 2025, Mi Corporation held a new product launch on Misu7ultra, race tires (601058.sh).
At the same time, the track high-performance tyre “podiumtrack pt01”, developed in cooperation with the millicar, is officially lined up in Mimi City, where the co-development refers to the design of tyres based on technical parameters of the type of vehicle optimized to match xiaomisu 7ultra, two types of track tires [265/35r21],
Zhang Yinsheng, high-end track, proof of technical hardness. Technically, Misu7ultra is running a pure electric sedan for the Porsche taycan, Teslamodelslid, for tires.
The su7ultra original tyres displayed at the launch are very durable p.
Practice No.: s1500520080002 zero5 tyres, a road tyre product. Su7ultra's target client is also involved in a professional race race, in addition to a Japanese-city road drive.
The "pt01" developed by ultra is a semi-heated molten tyre, which we believe will be used at the racetrack speed. This time, in collaboration with Misu 7ultra, the track tires will be launched, marking their technical ability to formally enter the core track in the field of high-end performance vehicles.
Together with the rice, we believe that collaboration with the rice car is more than just a product layer, ultra's 10 minutes to break 6,900, and the market's heat is higher.
User data feedback is expected to reverse the precision and continuous upgrading of tyre research and development, and to enhance the technological strength and premium power of chemical wheels in high-end markets. On the other hand, in the long run, cutting into the track ecology of little Misu7ultra is expected to open up a high-end car-type incremental market for wheels and raise the issue.
Upgraded overall brand power, driven by a two-wheel drive of "hard power plus strong brand" to inject a new long-term growth \triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Itd has seven years of management experience with the China Chemical Group in Beijing.
In March of that year, it officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in research in the chemical industry, the petrochemical industry and the basic chemical industry. Yoon Yuu, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Central University of Finance and Economics, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.