Industry is growing at a high rate and business is warming at a very high rate.
The company publishes a quarterly report. 19q1 companies achieved operating income of $9.705 billion, an increase of 23.84 per cent, a net profit of $907 million, an increase of 37.63 per cent, a gain or loss on the disposal of assets, and a 35 per cent increase in non-performance for regressive R & D costs.
(i) High rates of growth in industrial revenue and high rates of growth in business income Rapid growth in corporate income and net profits was achieved during the reporting period, by industry: in the pharmaceutical industry, the corporate core industry fully owned subsidiary, China, China, and East, Hang State, continued to grow faster overall operations
Long-term, operating income of 3,302 million yuan, an increase of 35.91 per cent over the same period, sustaining a high growth rate. On the pharmaceutical business side, corporate commerce has largely escaped the influence of double-counting and drug-occupancy control, the overall business has continued to pick up steadily, with 19q1 businesses and others achieving revenue.
The increase of $6,403 million, or 18.42 per cent over the same period, reflects a significant recovery in business. 19.15 per cent of the cost of 19q1 company sales, management costs (as a result of changes in accounting standards), 2.13 per cent (+0.18 pp) and financial costs, respectively, for the period.
And 0.37% (+0.29pp). All three fee rates have increased, and we estimate that this is due to the consolidation of Van Waldon Medicine (000963.sz) in 2018: the increase in the labour market and the increase in the current period ' s interest-bearing liabilities.
High growth in industry, orderly progress in research and development, with a marked low cash flow of $434 million (compared to $557 million in the same period last year), we estimate that we're following up with the Medical Doctors of Huadong (0009663) on three quarterly reports: Industrial Security.
(ii) There has been a significant increase in R & D inputs, as reflected in the continued expansion of corporate R & D pipelines, with R & D costs for 1901 companies amounting to $157 million, an increase of 69.60 per cent over the same period, and R & D costs (i.e. industry) of 4.77 per cent.
According to the company ' s annual report, in 2019, as the number of products in the area of R & D increased, the gradual entry of research products into the clinical arena and the development of be-test companies will continue to grow, with the company projected an increase in R & D costs of more than 30 per cent in 2019 compared to 2018, and we estimate R & D costs to be at least 918 million yuan in absolute terms in 19 and a R & D cost rate of more than 9 per cent.
At present, the company has developed a new model of research and development that combines autonomous R & D + collaborative commissioning + external M & A and product authorization (license-in), creating a solid R & D pipeline. We estimate that close to delivery is being reported: 1.
It is possible to report production on the basis of the results of the ii period; 2. Li La Rupe: a 26-week clinical trial is under way and is expected to be declared by the end of 19th; and in 3.2019 it is expected that the following will be produced: Capofen net, Sigletin two-mixed tablets, Cotrimoxazole capsules, anatrical sulfon, and so on. We believe that the company’s follow-up research and development pipelines are strong and the research and development effort is strong.
(iii) Current stock prices of companies are undervalued, short-term collateral purchases have limited impact, and we believe that the current corporate valuation is either vertical compared to its own historical valuation or horizontally compared to the current a-share medical plate.
In a horizontal comparison, we think that the market’s prediction of the impact of second-time purchases on company performance is slightly exaggerated, leading to an undervalued current company. In our view, overall, the future geographical expansion of bulk purchases is likely to be nationwide.
Rate events, but it's a very small probability that the procurement will expand to all varieties in the market. While reducing the price of medicines is the aim of the health services, better competitive patterns, deeper farming, cost- and scale-based varieties still enjoy higher growth and better margins, fewer competitors, or easy price swaps. So, we use segment valuation to measure the volume versus the public in extreme cases.
The impact of the Division’s 19-year performance and valuation, assuming extremes: the second round of bulk purchases was extended to the national market. 2. The company lost the Acapose in the second round of volume purchases (which, in fact, we consider to be a small probabilities event) and thus lost
To all 1904 hospital markets (which we consider to be an extremely small probability event, which is unlikely to happen). 3. According to terminal data, the Acapo sugar sales revenue season fluctuates less, and we think it is evenly distributed over four quarters.
The rates, three fees, are close; the R & D rate is assumed to be 10% for 19 years (industrial plates). 5. We calculate the division of our business into medium-sized drugs (100 orders), chemicals and commerce, and temporarily ignore the income and profits of the medically-bringing. We have found the following table for each of the current medical plates:
Given the very low probability of such extremes, we believe that the current prices of corporate shares are significantly underestimated. We understand that the current market gives companies a lower valuation mainly in view of the long-term pressure on future generic pharmaceutical prices in our country, but we believe that:
The company has followed up with a high risk of price reduction for pilpelines, with a large number of varieties reported this year and next year; 2. The company’s channels are strong, grass-roots, and relatively greater access to Maori space. Therefore, the company’s future exposure to negative policy impacts can be controlled, with the prospect of long-term, high-quality development.
We look forward to the company’s strategy of a specialized cluster and its ability to sink at the grass-roots level. We believe that companies follow up with a strong pip line, complemented by uncertainty in the pharmaceutical sector’s policies, such as medical reform; the risk of drug price reductions; and the risk of drug research and development failing or falling short of expectations.