Chinese medicine (000963); rapid growth of industrial plates with performance in line with expectations; recommended (first time) pharmaceutical organisms
Hundreds of millions of dollars, an increase of 27.41% over the previous year ' s year ' s previous year; the deductions were attributed to the shareholders of listed companies. The company ' s performance continued to grow at a higher rate than expected.
The business sector has gradually absorbed the effects of the “two votes” system, and the sales business has developed well.
Annual sales revenue of 22.3 billion yuan, an increase of 5.47 per cent, followed in 2018 by the establishment of the Caring Branch and the Washington State of Medicine Ltd., which prepared for the creation of the Kim Huazi Department and the Washington State of Medicine Ltd., which continued to expand the network of pharmaceutical businesses across the province.
In 2018, the company entered the United States through the acquisition of the British medical beauty company, Sinclairi, and during the reporting period, the medical plate generated $76.2 million, which is expected to become a new profit growth point for the company.
There has been a steady increase in profitability. During the reporting period, the Māori rate for corporate industrial plates rose by 1.18 pp over the same period to 86.94%, while the Māori rate for commercial plates rose slightly by 0.04 pp. The company as a whole maintained a steady growth and increased profitability.
• Consistency evaluation is progressing well, with a variety of products being studied. During the reporting period, the Department ' s heavy-pound products, Acarbo sugar and core products, cytosil, were successfully evaluated for consistency, with a clear competitive advantage for the country ' s lead.
Major R & D+ Co-design + external M & A and the introduction of a combination model. Lilarupine is in the process of ii clinical ii, insulin has already been approved for clinical treatment, and insulin and Mentun insulin will be declared in 2019.
ttp273 has been declared clinically, hd118 has almost completed the i-clinic, and McWallani is entering the iii-clinic in the second half of the year.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.