Industry is growing rapidly, and research and development investment is increasing.
This represents an increase of 16.89% in the same year, a net gain of $458 million in the same year, a net gain of 57.79% in the same year, a net gain in the non-repatriation of the mother who benefited from the health insurance catalogue, the adjustment of the base drug catalogue, the active expansion of the market at the grass-roots level, and the upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry. The new access list is expected to accelerate the spread of the 100% capsule in the grass-roots market, in 2017.
Acapose sugar has been adjusted from Healthcare Group B to Class A, and the prevalence of diabetes has been rising from year to year. It is expected that, through consistent evaluation, the import substitution process will be accelerated and that Acapose sugar will be maintained at a rate of more than 30 per cent in 2018: the immune inhibitor product line will provide new growth due to the lifting of health insurance restrictions.
More than 2,800 sales and pharmacological service workers, a net increase of more than 800 people compared to 2017, have become an important basis for grass-roots spending.
R & D costs 706 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 52.90 per cent. Lilarupine has now launched a national multi-centre iii clinical trial, which has been approved in the fourth quarter of 2018, and is currently conducting an i clinical trial; Deguest insulin is expected to take place in 2019.
Half-yearly clinical declarations; hd118 is expected to conduct pk/pd research for diabetic patients in the second half of 2019; three multi-centre clinical tests for first-line treatment are expected to take place in Myvarteni in the second half of 2019; and the tttp-273 innovative drug is expected to run an i-clinical bridge trial in the second half of 2019.
Billions of dollars and $4,220 billion, equivalent to 16.8x, 13.7x, and 11.2x, respectively. We believe that health-care catalogue adjustments and drug bidding will bring about the release of pharmaceutical products from companies, with a rich stock of varieties offering the potential for their future development. We therefore maintain the “buy-in” rating.
1 Chinadong Medicines (000963). The core varieties of Acapose were evaluated through consistency and were expected; grass-roots channels were built below expectations; and R & D was less advanced than expected.
Helping to accelerate product import substitution, 2 Chinadong Medicines (0009663): Performance in line with expectations and high growth of industrial plates,
On 19 April 2019, the company published its annual 2018 report, which generated business income of $30,663 million, an increase of 10.17 per cent in the same year, a net profit for mothers of $2,267 million, an increase of 27.41 per cent in the same year, and a net profit for non-mothers of $2,236 million.
The Department’s overall performance for the whole of 2018 was in line with expectations. The net profit on corporate returns grew by 27.41% over the year, mainly in the corporate industrial sector, and its revenue grew at a significant rate.
With the company ' s high Māori varieties rising, sales pre-arranged, the marginal effect of future sales-wide inputs has been scaled up, with profits rising, industrial panels rising, and corporate Māori overall and net interest rates rising to 28.99 per cent and 7.81 per cent, respectively.
Commercial growth is now gradually recovering, with the full implementation of the two-vote system affecting the transfer of operations, including the gradual implementation of health insurance payments in Zhejiang province and the national minimum price linkage for online traded products in the centralized procurement of medicines in the province.
Growth is rapid, and the list of new essential medicines is expected to accelerate the expansion of the company’s industrial sector as a whole. In 2018, the industrial sector generated $8.238 billion, an increase of 24.03 per cent over the same period, and the Maori rate continued to rise to 86.94 per cent. The high growth of core varieties and grass-roots expansion were the main sources of growth in the company’s industry.
The company’s core industrial subsidiary, China East, earned $8,208 million in 2018, resulting in a net profit of $1,860 million, and a steady and faster growth of the heart products, 100% capsules, and the Acapose tablets. The new intake catalogue is expected to accelerate the promotion of 100% capsules in the grass-roots market.
In 2017, the scale of the sale was estimated to be around 2.3 billion, and we estimate that the catalogue of health insurances has been adjusted to include the Acapulose varieties of grass-roots feeding gravity, and that the consistency assessment has accelerated import substitution.
In February 2017, a new version of the health insurance was published, with Acapose from class B to category A, with a substantial increase in the reimbursement rate and a faster increase in the range of varieties. At the same time, the Acapo tablet has been evaluated for consistency.
There has been a significant increase in the staffing levels of local and district organizations and districts. There are more than 2,800 sales and pharmaceutical service workers in 2018 districts, a net increase of more than 800 people compared to 2017.
The company’s share in the immunosuppressants market has risen. Health-care restrictions provide a new growth point, and his Kemal Division’s overseas certification is expected to open up the international market.
Maintaining high growth is also an important part of the company’s transformation. In research and development, the company has developed a new model of research and development that combines autonomous R & D + collaborative commissioning + external M & As and product authorization (license-in).
The specific project Licensein co-negotiated negotiations to pre-empt the development of a focused research and development project, which was planned for the acquisition of a new Chinese drug, soft oral solution (for liver cancer-aided treatment), was successfully obtained in the first half of 2018 and will be marketed for promotion; the injection site, the new Westergam (25mg)
Specifics are supplemented with production approvals. Cotrimoxazole capsules, Sigretin binoculars, anatrical sorghums, capofine net and frozen dry powder needles are declared production; 1 ttp 273,2 right-wing langsola dry powder needles are declared to be in the review or remedial phase; 2 1 new drug types hd118 (400 mg), Mawaldeni (45 mg, 45 mg, 45 mg)
60mg, 80mg) new specification formulations, and Akapo sugar chewers (100mg) new specification formulations have received clinical approvals.In the area of innovation, Maevateni is in the process of conducting a first-line 72-ii clinical trial, which has been completed and is in the process of being grouped.
3 multi-centre clinical trials in the second half of the year with full first-line treatment: new drugs of type Dpp-4 for type 2 diabetes Hd118 are expected to conduct pk/pd research for diabetic patients in the second half of 2019: oral glp-1 innovative drug tttp-273 from Vtv USA has successfully completed the technology transfer for cc by the end of 2018
Clinical, ongoing communication with cde and revision of the clinical programme, i-Clinical bridge projected for the second half of 2019, key product Lilalu Pin injection, national multi-centre iii clinical trial has now been initiated, and dite insulin has been 11.2x. We believe that the re-calculation of health insurance catalogues and the bidding for medicines will result in the release of the company's medicines and a rich stock of varieties.
In order to provide the company with the potential to develop in the future, the company, as a regional leader in the flow of medicines in Zhejiang province, has benefited significantly from the policy of integrating pharmaceutical businesses. We therefore maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Promotions, etc., were below expectations; grass-roots channels were under-established; R & D was below expectations.