The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) has performed well and industrial profits are growing faster than expected.
Summary of performance: companies achieved business income of $30.660 billion in 2018, an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.27 billion, an increase of 27.4 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.24 billion, a gain of 28.5 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flows of $2.04 billion, an increase of 22.8 per cent in the same year.
Companies perform well, and industrial profits increase faster than expected. Corporate income and net return profits increase by 10.2% and 28.5%, respectively, and profits increase faster than expected.
Industry: achieving revenue of $8.24 billion, or 24.03% more than the previous year, with China’s Eastern subsidiary achieving higher income expectations. The four main product lines of Central America’s East China have maintained good growth, and we expect the core product Akaka to be out, and corporate industrial operations will continue to grow fast in 2019.
Billion dollars, a 57.8% increase in the same year, and continued high-intensity inputs, are expected to outpace 505b (2) declarations to the United States in 2019 to achieve secondary innovative research and development for existing products; and 3) sequence development of generic drugs focused on products in the same field. Progress is being made on the company’s priority varieties: 1) Lilaru injection fluid: all initiated
iii) Clinical Trials at the National Multi-Centre iii: 2) Myhuateni: Clinicing in Phase ii. Large-scale multi-centre Clinics are expected to take place throughout the second half of 2019: 3) dpp-4 hd118: Completion of clinical phase I for a healthy population, parallel with bridge-linking pilot modelling, pk/pd study for diabetic patients is expected to take place in the second half of 2019: 4)
Oral glp-1 innovative drug tpp-273: declared clinical, with i-clinical bridge trials expected to take place in the second half of 2019, and 2.72 dollars, equivalent to 17 times, 14 times and 12 times, respectively. We believe that companies use powerful sales.
Chinese Medicine (000963). The actual performance is in line with expectations, selling the network, maintaining the “buy-in” rating through self-research and the introduction of a growing volume of innovative products, and the firm's growing certainty and the vast space for diabetes, self-immunisation, kidneys and super-antibiotics.
Chinese Medicines (0009663): The performance meets expectations and the workers have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.