On March 3, outboard, the Fed fell 50bp, and instead of rising as expected, the pamphlet fell by 2.81 per cent, indicating that the market was still pessimistic; in the country, major investment plans were set up in the provinces, reportedly 537 in Zhejiang.
At the industry level, the capital sector has become violent, with China building, China bordering, China iron, China grouping, and so on being the leader. As if one night, this traditional industry, which had been left unattended, had become a popular target, with all kinds of news coming out. One is the old capital (cement, construction) and one is the new capital (5g, super-pressure, cloud computing, association of goods).
In fact, since last week, we have made it clear that the value base that follows, in terms of high dividends, infrastructure, cycles, and in the technical field, there are obvious bubbles. These have been shared on a small scale in the circle of friends.
However, looking around and finding information on the market, there are traps: some use infrastructure as a concept, ignoring its intrinsic value; some use it as a “stealing concept”, and some, in the name of new infrastructure, are still speculating in high-value technology companies.
But, in the current “new infrastructure” boom, high-value fields of technology, even under the guise of “new infrastructure,” we won’t be able to study it. Then, the research backbone of the Yogurt team, to say the following: capital + consumption stimulus, we believe that the regulatory level might be “currency policy.”
Now you see this level of infrastructure, but the next consumption stimulus also needs to be taken forward. Some of the major power lanes of the consumer stimulus, property, cars, electricity, tax exemptions, are not easy to hold, no.
There's probably no room for full liberalization; there's no room for household stimulus; tax exemptions are less likely to be stimulated in the short term by accidents, and the rest, large size and valuation of the lowlands, are just cars. So, in the interior market, our research will focus on construction, transportation, and not on the so-called new infrastructure.
In Hong Kong, China, we will focus on communications (which is a new capital) and automobiles (which could become the main engine of consumption-stimulating policy). The industry as a whole will be guided to these, and we will continue our modelling.
Today, this company is the capital master of the country, and the country’s major infrastructure projects are not without its own, and it has been built or involved in a number of major projects, such as the Kawasaki Railway, the Hong Kong Chuo Bridge, the Winter Olympics project, the Yongtao Tower, and the 8-Darling tunnel. And there are many other major projects, including the Yangtze Bridge in Nanking, the Yangtze Bridge in Wuhan Tianhing Province, and the King 9 Railway.
Indeed, according to its annual report of 2018, it had a 58.4% share in the domestic market for the construction of large and medium-sized railways, with an operating income of more than 700 billion yuan in 2018. This is China's Central Iron, which directly looks at performance data – 571,871 million yuan in the third quarter of 2019; 16,722 million yuan in net profits; and cash from operating activities.
Net current is RMB 40,916 million; Māori is 9.81 per cent; and net sales interest rate is 2.93 per cent. Note that in this size, roic is only 4.9 per cent of the return, compared to companies in the infrastructure and real estate chains, with conch cement (23.87 per cent), China ' s Great Stone (10.39 per cent), Golden Mantis (14.66 per cent), China ' s Construction (9.43 per cent), China ' s Central China
Iron and steel (6.37 per cent), Shin Trail (0.66 per cent), and Port and Steel (5.6 per cent). Well, when we come to this, a few questions merit our in-depth reflection in the valuation model: 1) In this case, as a domestic capital giant, what is the driving force behind the revenue? How should we predict the future?
2) The capital cycle, where does the core driver come from? Now, where are we in the cycle? 3) After a longer period of adjustment, what should the current valuation range be? Is it expensive or cheap?
For companies involved in the industrial chain, we've studied conch cement, Vankoa, Greco, American groups, bought the Nucleus One: a professional version of the report, consulted the reports and, in some cases, the Excel financial modelling model, thought deeply about industrial logic.
China Iron was founded in September 2007 and was listed in December of the same year. The controlling shareholder is the Chinese Railways Engineering Group, with a 47.21% share as of the third quarter of 2019.
The main operations in Central and Central iron are infrastructure construction (construction of infrastructure such as roads, railways, etc.), which accounts for 84.30% of total revenue in 2018. The rest also includes real estate development, engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing, which account for less than 6% of the total.
In the case of iron, which contributes more, for example, in 2018, it accounts for 61.17 per cent of the total; in the rest of the business, it contributes more, at 14.09 per cent, to the premises development business, and the chain in this area is as follows from an industry chain perspective:
(a) Upstream industrial chains, mainly infrastructure construction enterprises, such as in this case, where the Māori rate is around 9 per cent;
Of these, the top five suppliers accounted for 1.01 per cent of annual operating costs; the top five clients accounted for 29.23 per cent of total annual operating income, while the top five clients accounted for 1.73 per cent of total annual operating income.
The above-mentioned industry chain and business models form the following reporting structure: 2.79 per cent was spent on management costs, 0.48 per cent on sales costs, 1.81 per cent on R & D costs and 0.94 per cent on basics, and what was the case?
Before making income projections, let us look at business income in this case in history: 14.34 per cent. In this case, the main reason for being driven by capital operations is that the business accounts for a larger share of the total operating income of medium and iron, with an average of about 85 per cent over the last 10 years.
Thus, in the present report, we focus on how capital operating income is projected, and the capital revenue in this case, when confirmed, will be affected by its operating model, which currently operates in four modes: 1) Project master contracting — in this case, engineering design, materials procurement and construction;
2) General contracting for construction — the case is for engineering only; 3) bot — the case is for a concession to operate the project by tender from the regulatory level, then for the project company to build and operate the project and recover its investment through the operation of the project, and after the concession, the capital project will be free of charge
(4) ppp - in this case, through cooperation with the regulatory level, the project company was formed to carry out the construction and operation of the capital project, under which the revenue is recognized in two different ways: 1) one method is the percentage of completion that is common in the construction of the enterprise - revenue is recognized according to the progress of completion;
2) Recovering investments through follow-up operations of the project. The revenue recognition time is lower than the percentage method of completion. Iron does not disclose the revenue ratio of these modes of operation, but, depending on the type of new contract value it discloses each year, presumably the package or its current principal mode of operation, in 2018 for example, the new contract amount was obtained by means of a contractual contract.
The amount of $11,049.3 billion, compared to $329.7 billion in new contracts obtained by ppp, bot. Thus, the main method of revenue recognition in this case should be the percentage of completion.
Planning; 2) determination of the progress of the project. This feature leads to a certain amount of room for reconciliation of revenue recognition. Therefore, the precise income figures projected are of little significance in the present case, at the heart of which is the driving force of its growth, i.e. capital demand. Income from capital operations and the completion of capital investment in the country’s fixed assets are highly correlated with the completion of capital investment, both of which are highly correlated.
The coefficient is 0.88. So here we focus on how the rate of growth in domestic capital investment has changed.
Support - The 2008 financial crisis severely affected the domestic economy, and at the end of 2008 10 measures were put in place at the regulatory level to boost economic growth, one of which was to accelerate the construction of major infrastructure such as railways, roads and airports; and the financing - setting pace, and the second was the massive release of railway debt (which began in January 2009 at a monthly rate of 20 billion dollars).
Drawing up, promoting infrastructure projects such as transport, the approval of major capital projects began to increase significantly at the end of February 2012, with some highway networks, airports and orbital transport projects approved; and funding - the city ' s bond distribution has increased significantly since October 2011, along with monetary deregulation and deregulation, with unmarked financing also occurring
Gold face - The 2015 special-purpose financial debt was issued gradually, in the second quarter of the same year, and the multi-sectoral, intensive issuance of letters proposing the active promotion of the ppp model in areas such as infrastructure. By the end of 2016, the number of ppp projects had risen from less than 7,000 at the beginning of the year to more than 11,000.
In summary, by analysing the driving forces of the three above-mentioned cycles of capital construction, we can conclude the following two points: 1) the point of time that is driven largely by the slowdown in economic growth, reflecting the capital as a countercyclical adjustment; 2) the recovery of capital, in addition to the policy stimulus, will require a synchronized release of capital.
We've made it clear that, by October 2019, the cumulative rate of growth in the capital stock was 3.26 per cent, which is clearly not higher than in history, so what are we in the middle of the cycle? First, let's look at historical patterns. Note that, according to historical data, the rate of capital growth has been increasing since September 2018.
Second, let's look at the capital's fundamental drivers, i.e. policy. 1) Funds — in July 2018, the regulatory level proposed “accelerating progress in the issuance and use of this year's special-purpose debt of $1.35 trillion”;
Financial support; special-purpose debt is projected to reach $3.35 trillion in 2020, up from 2019. 2) Policy - July 2018, the regulatory level meeting emphasized “strengthening the capacity of the infrastructure sector”, intensive approval of a number of railways, roads, urban tracks, airports, hydropower and other projects. In November 2019, the regulatory level decided on roads, irons, etc.
Short-board capital projects, such as roads, can appropriately reduce the proportion of capital (less than 15%), while capital ratios for the rest of the projects are 20% or more. That is, in terms of historical growth, policy, and funding, we should all now be in an upscaling route – but the question arises: why is this cycle so slow, given the intensity of policy support?
From the second half of 2018, it was expected that companies in the infrastructure chain had only just moved in the second half of the year, and we had an analysis in earlier cases, such as Haikangway, the Woo-tung bus, from a macro perspective, to local regulatory action, to micro-level transmission of corporate financial data.
First, in terms of financial resources, the flow of prior earmarked debt needs to be adjusted. Thus, the impact of the current funding situation is not yet fully demonstrated. In September 2019, the regulatory committee proposed that part of the 2020 special debt be released ahead of schedule and stressed that it should not be used for land reserves, real estate-related areas, etc.
At present, local levels of indebtedness are relatively high. According to Dario’s study in the Debt Crisis, debt is not a problem per se, but the root cause of the problem is whether it generates higher profits than interest.
Therefore, we focus on two aspects of local regulatory income: 1) returns on investment capital projects themselves - generally low returns on investment on capital projects, where we refer to returns on capital projects on a stock market, which in 2018 was only 0.66 per cent on the cash-free roic on the market subway, and Hong Kong fever.
With 4.7% gas, the current rate of return on aaaa city debt (ten years) is 4.4%, and a comparison of the end-end and interest rates shows that it is difficult for the locals to repay interest through the capital projects themselves, and the pressure on the debt is greater after the build-up. One is to give way to the people.
As can be seen from the figure below, the country's land area has been growing at a low rate, reflecting the three angles of local land acquisition, and we can see that capital growth, while positive, should not be expected to increase at a much higher rate. At the same time, if follow-up capital development is to be followed up, much attention must be paid to the movement of local funding.
After analysing these factors, and more specifically in terms of financial projections, we consider the length of the historical infrastructure cycle (about three years), which is the most important factor in raising revenue.
Given the difficulty of accurately predicting the rate of capital investment growth at the high end of the cycle, M&A here tends to take conservative values, assuming the point at which it begins) - 1.79%; note that the rate of increase above is the rate of national capital investment rather than the rate of revenue growth in this case. Given that we cannot accurately predict the rate of growth in capital revenues, the simplified assumption here is that the rate of growth in capital operations is changing.
In fact, according to our calculations, there is a correlation between the income growth rate and the actual gdp in this case, which is 0.65, and the linear relationship between the two can be expressed by the following formula:
Here, we have only analysed the short-term acceleration (which can be seen high, but not too high), and in the long-term logic, the building ceiling and how high it is? For the building ceiling, we have analysed it mainly from two angles: 1) the policy perspective; 2) and the infrastructure of the developed countries.
So let's look at policy first. Taking into account that the capital revenues in this case are basically two parts (railways, municipalities), we focus on the fact that by the end of the year, the railway network reached 13.17 million kilometres, of which 29,000 are high-speed railways. Here we have to build at least 0.9 million kilometres of a big, annual high-speed railway, and 34.43 million kilometres of ordinary railways.
17.5-13.17-0.9 = 34.3 million kilometres. In 2019 - 2025, the level of investment in railways will be reached. In addition, on 19 September 2019, the regulatory framework for the construction of a strong State of transport was published. By 2035, it will form essentially a “123-haul traffic ring” in metropolitan areas, i.e., one-hour commute, two-hour run by urban areas and three-hour run by major cities throughout the country.
Coverage, as well as “global 123 fast-cargo circles”, i.e., one day of service in the country, two days of service in neighbouring countries, major cities worldwide 2) municipalities: municipal main and rail traffic, underground pipeline halls (this refers to the inclusion of pipelines such as communications, electricity and gas in one pipeline), which are required in accordance with the 2019 priority task issued by the Commission for the construction of new urban areas
In general, at the policy level, infrastructure still has a lot of room for development. Here, if one looks at it from another perspective, it is as big as in the developed world.
For example, Japan and the United States are 0.13 km/km, 0.46 km/km, respectively, while we are only 0.05 km/km. If we look at the rail route distribution map, we can see that the country’s rail density is far less than that of developed countries.
2) Roads — As of the end of 2017, the total mileage of roads in use in our country was 4.7735 million kilometres, with a per capita mileage of approximately 34.34 kilometres per person, while in the United States the per capita mileage of roads was about 205.6 kilometres per person, and even in Japan, with similar oral density, there is a huge difference in the per capita mileage of roads.
If we reach Japan’s level in the next 20 years, the annual rate of growth is measured at 4.94%. On balance, it is clear that our capital development ceiling is far from reaching.
China Iron disclosed sales data only from 2012, so first look at sales in these years: the above figure shows that sales in the case were roughly on a pro-cyclical basis until 2016, while its annual report revealed that most of the real estate in the case was available for sale and concentrated in the south-west region.
The slum policy, which began in mid-2015, was implemented in three or four cities. The slum upgrading, which released a large number of housing needs, led to the massive release of stock of real estate in three or four cities, and led to an increase in land acquisition at a higher rate than in two cities: in this case, since 2017, land reserves have been rising:
(a) The increase in sales, operating income and long-term sustainability of shantytowns, mainly due to the following: 18 million units in 2015-2017, reflecting the beginning of a slowdown in the rate of shanty towns; and the release by the Ministry of Finance in April 2019 of 2.85 million units of the National shantytown Rehabilitation Plan for 2019, representing a significant decrease of 54.2 per cent from 5.8 million units in 2018;
(b) At the end of 2018, the regulatory level called for the improvement of the policy on the re-monetization of shelters and the elimination, as soon as possible, of the monetaryization policy for municipalities with insufficient stock of commodity housing and high housing prices; in addition, in accordance with the above-mentioned capital policy, which was issued in advance.
Some of the 2020 special-purpose debt cannot be used in areas such as earth storage, real estate, and a recent step reflects a tightening of funding for the reshuffle. Taken together, it can be seen that the conversion to a shed is only a short-term driver and is not a long-term driver, so we cannot quantify it to a long-term driver, and here we are careful to assume that the growth in operating income in this case has gradually declined to gdp since 2019.
Growth in operating income. In 2019, we used the semi-annual report of 2019 to reverse it, 28.17 per cent of the annual income from real estate operations in 2018 and 13.738 billion yuan of real estate income in the first half of 2019, resulting in a total annual real estate income of 48.766 billion yuan in 2019, based on the formula of 2019 real estate income = the mid-2019 period.
Half-yearly income is 28.17%. Thus, it can be calculated that real estate revenue grew at a rate of about 12.56% in 2019. So, the real estate business has been predicted, and so there are other operations that can be predicted. Two of the other operations in this case are important: 1) mapping design and consulting services, mainly for construction, handover.
Technical and managerial services are provided for engineering projects such as Chase, which include research, planning, consulting, survey design, supervision, etc.; and (2) engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations, which mainly serve the construction of infrastructure, both inside and outside the country, and include fork in the road, construction equipment, building of bridges, steel structures, engineering machinery and railway electrification.
As can be seen, both operations are in fact closely related to the capital business in this case, where, according to our calculations, the rates of increase in revenue and increase in capital business are 0.73 (developing design) and 0.72 (manufacture of equipment), respectively. As a result, the revenue projections for both operations are based on the previous capital business projections.
The speed of revenue growth is linearly returned and the relationship between the various operations and the capital operations is obtained, as follows: 1) Survey design and advisory services increase = 0.7743* Capital operations increase + 0.0116; 2) Engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations increase = 0.8987* Capital operations increase + 0.0115 increase according to the above formula, our projected capital increase, survey design, equipment manufacturing operations
Although the full revenue forecast has been completed, it is less referencing if only one method is used to predict the rate of increase. Here, we cross-check it in conjunction with other methods: but the whole is closer. So, the revenue calculation logic is done, but there are other more important things that need to be resolved.
Let's see how the Māori rate has changed over the last few years: through the above graph, we can see a few points: 1) The Māori rate for capital construction, equipment manufacturing, is generally stable;
2) Real estate Māori ratio declined more markedly in 2015 and remained relatively stable in the rest of the year, mainly due to the increase in stock levels in that year and the introduction of price reductions in some of the projects; 3) a downward trend in the survey of Māori rates in design and consultancy operations, mainly due to the use of labour-sending staff in some of the projects.
The increase in costs such as labour costs has led to a decline in the Māori rate.As a matter of financial forecasting, Merger Mergers has a reasonable assumption that (2) considering that the Māori rate has been stable for nearly four years in real estate operations, it is assumed that the Māori rate has been averaged for nearly four years during the projection period -
3) Considering our difficulty in predicting the use of labour for the latter part of the case, and the relatively small share of income from survey operations, let's look at the rates before making a capital expenditure forecast, the following points can be found:
1) There is a slow upward trend in the rate of management fees and sales costs in this case, mainly due to increases in employee remuneration, plus 2) operating taxes and their attachments, which fell significantly in 2016, mainly due to the fact that the 2016 increase in the level of operations has not changed, taking into account the business model in this case, and it is expected that later on, as income increases, the costs of administration and sales will continue to rise.
There's a certain increase, so it's assumed that the administrative cost rate, the sales cost rate, will increase gradually from 2018 to each year. Okay, then look at another factor influencing the valuation. How do we predict capital spending? Since the iron and iron company is not a heavy asset company, here we will no longer split the nature of capital expenditure and use it all together.
For example, in 2018, the share of fixed assets in the book value of the fixed assets was 44.22%.
As can be seen from the figure above, although the share of capital expenditure/principal operating income in the case has increased in recent years, the capital charge will then look at how depreciation is forecasted. The forecast of depreciation, consistent with the previous projections, is divided into the depreciation of existing fixed assets and the depreciation of new fixed assets.
According to the medium-year paper, the principal method of depreciation is the straight-line method, where construction equipment is expected to have a useful life of 8-15 years, buildings and buildings are expected to have a useful life of 15-50 years, transport equipment is expected to have a useful life of 4-12 years and a net residual value of 0.5 per cent.
A relatively high share (44.22%) is provided, where the Merger Acquisition of Mergers is based primarily on the depreciation years of the construction equipment - presumably the depreciation years of the additional fixed assets are the average of the depreciation years of the construction equipment: 11.5 years, assuming a net residual value of 0% for the sake of prudence. The forecast value of depreciation for the remaining and additional fixed assets is as follows:
After capital expenditure, depreciation projections have been completed, there is a significant additional factor to be taken into account — in this case, what is the right to speak on the chain, and whether it can enhance its own cash flow and business value by occupying upstream and downstream funds? Among the operating capital of medium and iron, the more important are receivables, inventory and accounts payable, which we focus on here.
How the operating capital is forecasted. A comparison of the share of these operating capital shows that there are a few points that merit our attention: 1) The operating capital structure of the capital and real estate construction companies varies considerably. Overall, the capital category is similar.
The operating capital structure of iron and Chinese iron construction is similar. (2) Real estate buildings are generally received in advance, funds are quickly returned, and the entire construction project cycle is generally within one year, so that they are less receivable and less funded upstream, while capital projects generally have cycles of more than three years.
The ratio of accounts receivable and accounts payable to them was higher; 3) in the present case, and in the case of China Railway, there was a decline in 2018. According to this annual report, its accounts receivable slipped, mainly because of the securitization of accounts receivable; and China Steel was due to the fact that it had made the project quality assurance payment receivable.
Accounts are classified to other non-current assets. Analysis of the main features, specifically our projections. (15 per cent), due to the fact that the level of receivables for the faster-refund Chinese buildings is also around 15 per cent, and the accounts receivable in this case is expected to account for about 15 per cent.
(b) Inventory — taking into account the fact that the inventory in this case as a proportion of the cost does not change much here, assuming that the inventory as a percentage of the cost in the forecast period was 3) accounts payable — there was an upward trend in the accounts payable in this case until 2017, for the specific reason that its annual reports were not forthcoming
Now, considering that the ratio of accounts payable in 2018 has declined, here we carefully assume that accounts payable during the projection period have been covered, so that we have finished the word-right analysis on the industry chain, but there is another important thing that needs to be studied — the book, before the modeling is done, let's look at how short- and long-term borrowing should be predicted: here we need to be careful, the borrowing projections.
Unlike our previous model, short-term borrowing is no longer used as a share of the (receivables + advances), long-term borrowing as a share of capital expenditure, but is directly projected by short-term borrowing, long-term borrowing as a share of capital income. The main reason is that: 1) unlike other companies, long-term borrowing in this case is not for capital expenditure, but for their capital operations and therefore root.
2) Short-term borrowings are mainly used to supplement liquidity, i.e., in connection with operating capital, which is projected on the basis of operating income at a later stage, so here we go around operating capital and look directly at the relationship between short-term borrowing and income.
Short-term borrowing, long-term borrowing as a share of income: by way of the above figure, we can see the following points: 1) Change in the ratio of short-term borrowing and long-term borrowing, there is a certain commonality -- relevant. According to our analysis of the operating capital component, the slow pace of project turnover leads to an increase in operating capital, i.e., an increase in the accounts.
As can be seen from the figure above, local leverage has been rising since 2011 and peaking in 2014. The leverage has been rising, reflecting a problem on the side, that is, lack of money. So, as a downstream of the case, it can choose to delay payment of the medium- and iron account, which is reflected in the current case, which is the increase in the accounts receivable -- the increase in the accounts receivable due in mid-2011.
In 2011 and 2012, the cash flow of its operations turned negative, and in order to sustain its operations, it could only borrow 4.72% (long-term borrowing). Here, the variables of the financial forecast have been set up. After assuming that it is done, the calculation is a water-to-water process, and all of the above is for a table to calculate the financial model.
So, before modelling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) Future Growth Space — Long-term ceilings, by comparing rail and road infrastructure data, we can see that the infrastructure in the country is in place.
2) Growth drivers - The main driving force of the medium- and iron is the capital cycle, which is characterized by two more obvious features: the construction cycle generally begins in a counter-economic cycle, and the policy-driven approach. According to our earlier analysis, this round of infrastructure drives 3) the beneficial track in the industrial chain - an overall analysis of the long-term spatial, short-term, low-cycle, policy side of the infrastructure chain.
It has always been more certain that the more uncertain factor is local funding, so follow-up policy needs to be closely monitored here. Moreover, if the infrastructure chain is broken down to compare the Māori rates by track, the reason for comparison is that the Māori rate is higher in the field, with an annual Māori rate of 14.99 per cent.
4. Protecting Rivers — Infrastructure construction is generally large-scale work, demanding capital, technology, management, qualifications, etc., and it is difficult for construction enterprises in general to undertake large-scale infrastructure projects. 5) Competition patterns — at this stage, construction is increasing in concentration, with major construction enterprises, such as this case,
As of the third quarter of 2019, eight major companies (the leading construction industry) had signed new singles to 32.61 per cent of the total number of new ones in the construction industry. 6) The risk point - growth is mainly driven by policy, and the policy shift has had a greater impact on the operation of the case; moreover, the case is dominated by the fact that
The method of recognition is the percentage of completion, under which there is greater scope for revenue regulation; downstream is the local regulatory level, with greater voice and greater volatility in the cash flow of the business in this case. Here, several of the main variables for modelling have been identified.
The process. All of this is for modelling tables... and some of the key industry emcel modelling tables.
And: professional modeling casebook, in the case of xx electricity, the forecasted sample of bs table, evened out: xx video, in the case of cf scenario:
In the report that follows, we will address the following major issues in the case. Only if we think about them clearly can we understand the company in question and form a logical shut-off. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, we can move across the secondary market -- but in fact, if we don't model the valuation, the money.
The two main factors of risk make it clear that there is still a potential for major disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What is the difference between the data zones that have been generated, and whether there is something to think about?
2) Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the differences? What is the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation if a sensitivity analysis is conducted? 3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial forecasts be combined to form a closed link to the valuation model?
The value of the case is whether it is expensive or cheap in what areas? Because of the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the paying user of the merger-ordered report, the M & A team will be required to report to the user, part of it will no longer be free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function.
In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus I: a professional version of the report, which will scan the lower 2-D code, obtain details of the valuation modelling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved.
To obtain model forms and invoices after purchase, add staff micro-letters: ys_dsj, in addition to this case, you have to study these.
Valuable lands, security margins, these eight words, can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, and also the great minds of Barfit, Charlie Munger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt and others.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, for 10 years, and study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, and we won't be able to lose material strength, even if it's expensive.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which concentrates on our research excellence, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want. Copy, copy, copy.) About content: we're only responsible for financial analysis, industrial research, and the content is only for reference.
It does not support any form of basis for decision-making, nor does it support any form of investment proposal. It is based on public corporate attributes, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, announcements, etc., to the public, and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes have nothing to do with this paper. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its integrity and accuracy.
Market risks, research needs to be cautious. 3) On themes: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered, understand. 4) On platforms: All content is exported only by the micro-letter platform, not responsible for any other platform content, and we are responsible for imitation and abuse of the platform.
[Data support] Some of the data in the study of this case, supported by the following institutions, thank you very much -- the national city, Reuters, with no rankings. These institutions are essential if they are to do a professional study of the internal and external securities market. If there is an intention to buy the data terminals of the above institutions, we would be welcome to contact us, and we could be responsible for contacting them.