The feed business has maintained a positive growth momentum, and the company achieved operating income of $643.90 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 46.82 per cent over the same period.
The net profit was $213.89 million, a decrease of 77.94% from the previous year. The company’s feed plate increased significantly over the same year, and the fall in profit in the third quarter was mainly due to a loss in pig-breeding plate.
The three-quarter loss in pig farming operations was mainly due to: (1) the foreign purchase of piglets accounted for 67 per cent of the three-quarters, which was purchased in the first quarter of 2021, when the pig market price was still high at a flat cost of more than $1,600 per head; (2) the domestic pig market price was re-explored during the three-quarters, and the pig farming industry was again explored
To date, the price of piglets has fallen from a previous high to within $200 per head, while the professional capacity of the company ' s pig-breeding team has been increasing, and the cost end of the company ' s pig-breeding plate is expected to show a significant increase of 5.61 million tons, an increase of 28% from the same year, and a gain of $21,466 million in feed sales, an increase of 42% from the same year.
At the same time, the company’s seedlings and mobile insurance operations have maintained a positive trend of ups and downs. In the third quarter, the company’s other operations achieved a net profit of about 914 million yuan, a 21% increase in the same calibre, and a cumulative net gain of about 2,446 million yuan in January-September, a 47% increase in the same calibre.
The main logic behind our continuing focus on the big ocean group is that: (1) the cost of the company's pig-breeding plates is improving, and after recent adjustments, we believe that the negative expectations associated with pig prices are gradually being absorbed, and that the strong performance of the company's feed business helps to increase market confidence in the future growth of the company's feed business, the company's feed industry.
The layout is expected to gradually return to market focus; (2) we believe that the short-term loss of corporate farming plates should not affect the long-term value of company feed plates, and that the periodic loss in pig price cycles does not mean that pig farming plates become worthless; and (3) the company ' s stock options incentive scheme for 2021, which covers employees.
Large-scale, business growth targets are clear, companies are expected to accelerate the expansion of production capacity and industrial M & As, and further increase the market share; (4) companies are starting to deploy anti-thorium animal feed plates with low, high, high penetration rates of anti-thorium feed.
The Great Sea Group: The 2020 and the 2021 Quarterly performance, the fragmented market, is a blue sea to be developed and is expected to be another growth point in the company’s medium- and long-term.
Big sea groups: Basics are in the upper cycle and continue to focus on the risks of price volatility of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans.