The three-quarterly review of the Great Sea Group (002311), 2021, shows the impact of farming on profits and high feed performance, 20 October 2021.
Events: The company published its three-quarters report 2021, the company became operational in the first three quarters of 2021, and the feed performance increased. The first three quarters were driven by a combination of feed product strength plus quality seedlings and kinetic services, etc.
Tens of tons, 30% more than the same year; 51,569 million yuan in feed sales, 45% more than the same year; we believe that the whole set of “products and services” that companies focus on raising their clients is a fundamental underpinning of a two-pronged strategy that is constantly moving forward.
In terms of services, companies integrate feed, seedlings, motor security, financial services, and provide comprehensive solutions for raising customers.
This year, corporate farming expanded. In the first six months of the company, pig farming generated 2,372 million yuan, an increase of 77 per cent. We believe that the company has a full range of products and solutions covering the farming process, as well as integrated farming techniques.
Services systems and capabilities, extended in farming and processing, are reasonable, and have natural advantages. But this year, the cycle of pig production, with large price fluctuations, has also significantly affected profits. Three seasons of net profits attributable to listed companies have lost about $700 million, of which pig farming was expensive at the beginning of the year.
The large-scale increase in the cost of buying pigs is a major reason for the impact of corporate corporate profits as a whole. Corporate incomes remain high, short-term earnings are under pressure, and long-term targets are achievable.
In the first three quarters, companies have been affected by falling prices and rising raw materials prices, and the expectations of producers have continued to rise. At the same time, the company’s profitability will continue to improve as the cycle of pig production and the price pressure on raw materials for feed slow.
The company is building a holistic solution around the farmers, and the two-wing strategy is moving forward. The public sector is a high-quality indicator in the context of the upgrading of the feed industry, and a modest extension of the industrial chain will open up the air-carrying building SMS.