Q3 performance due to losses in farm operations (002311.sz) Quarterly report for the third quarter of 2021 was issued.
Szeji Yu Division ' s operating income was $6,4314 million, or +46.82 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit was $1,746 million, while the price of the country ' s pig production continued to fall during the same period, causing deep losses in farm production and the price of feed raw materials.
High-priced pig + low-priced pig production has resulted in a significant loss of 2021q3 in the production of about 550,000 pigs, of which about 67% are extra-sale pigs, and the average cost of this part of the pig is higher.
Over 1,600 yuan/heads; and in August/September, the average price of a pig fell to $15.07/kg, $13.19/kg, respectively. Under the combination of the high cost and the cyclical low price of a pig to buy a pig from a super-supplier, the net profit loss on a listed company is about $700 million, which has had a greater impact on overall performance.
In September, the foreign purchase price fell to $200 per head, at a relatively manageable cost, and will gradually improve. Forage sales have continued to grow at a high rate, and the triads have combined to develop 2021q3 feed pairs.
External sales amounted to 5.61 million tons, or 28% of the year, the ring + 13.56% of the year, yielding revenue of $21,466 million, and maintaining a positive growth rate. We believe that the company’s feed, seeding, and kinetic products are working together to achieve a three-pronged development with feed as its core, seedlings and motor protection as its two wings.
The company’s feed business will increase in the future, and the investment will suggest that the company will have a multi-operational synergy in integrating the agro-pastoral chain. With the increase in livestock production and good aquaculture practices, the company’s three main feed products will continue.
Keeping up the trend of rapid growth. We look forward to a combination of company feed, kinetic security, seedlings, and co-development. 1, The risks of weather anomalies and diseases affecting the feeding industry; 2, The risks of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.