Sea Grand Group (002311), short-lived farming performance on October 27, 2021, with a steady rise in feed markets
The company is a company that collects research, development, production and marketing of aqueous fodder, and the main feed industry, which is expected to grow at a sustained rate. The feed industry faced downstream farming during the reporting period.
In this context, the company differentiates the products from the higher-tech companies that operate primarily in high-tech companies with low profits and higher prices for upstream raw materials.
Aquatic feed, aqueous seedlings, and kinetic products. The company has achieved a combined competitive advantage of strength and fine-tuning costs, combined with the combined competitive advantage of supporting services, and achieved the production of feeders in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
In the previous three quarters, total national industrial feed production grew by 16.9% compared to the previous three quarters, and the company continued to grow faster than the industry, and the market was expected to continue to rise.
And against the backdrop of rising raw material prices, companies have achieved rapid growth beyond sales at both the end of feed sales and the end of profits, with net parent gain of 2,446 million dollars in feed and seeding support during the last three quarters, an increase of 47 per cent over the previous three quarters.
There is still room for a decline in the price of pigs due to short-term performance. In the third quarter of the year, companies produce pigs and produce them. Debt payments and cross-shares: about 550,000 of them, of which overpriced pigs are more expensive (more than $1,600).
The company’s cost of farming has been significantly increased, resulting in a net loss of $700 million in q3 farming operations and an overall loss in the public sector’s performance. The company’s full cost is currently around $16/kg, while pig and feed costs are still being developed to improve internal performance.
The continuing decline, the fall in prices of pigs and the increasing efficiency of corporate farming, and the prospect of a gradual improvement in the drag on the company’s performance by the pig business and a greater elasticity in the company’s performance after the reversal of the price of pigs in the future has begun, are expected to fully reflect its strategic role and growth in performance in the future.
Total equity/currenta shares (millions) Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We believe that in the feed industry, during a period of stock competition, public circulationb/h shares (millions)
The Division is expected to achieve a gradual increase in the share of the city, based on a combination of core product and cost advantages and the combined competitive advantages of the supporting services.
Big Sea Group (002311). Farming is a drag on short-term performance, feeding city is a source of continuous improvement, east financial and intellectual growth, east financial and intellectual growth.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Group (002311): Farming is a drag on short-term performance, and feed markets continue to rise.
M.A. in Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, with a focus on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, fodder protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.