Sea Grand Group (002311), rising demand, pressure on farming operations 21 October 2021: 3-quarter report of the company released in 2021, and the company became operational during the reporting period
Revenues of $6,4314 million, an increase of 46.82 per cent over the same period, net returns to mothers of 1,746 million live pigs, poultry, aquaculture, and other businesses have been growing.
In the third quarter, the company produced about 550,000 pigs, and the net profit loss attributable to the listed company was about $700 million, which had a greater impact on performance. The average cost of buying pig seedlings out of the country was more than $1,600.
The cost is extremely high, and the price of a pig is still low. Cutting off the pig-breeding business, the income grew by 42% over the same period.
The company's team has stabilized in the first three quarters of the year and has improved in terms of the development of breeding systems, the distribution of seed resources, animal nutrition, animal health care and prevention capabilities, and the building of a platform for farming.
During the reporting period, the company ' s sales, management and financial costs were 2.14 and 2.92 per cent, respectively. The bottom level is now available and the company ' s overall profitability is expected to pick up in the future as the industry warms up, with the firm backbone of its farming operations.
The atmosphere is still low, moving down to a “precautiously recommended” rating. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.