Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metal industry  electrolytic aluminium 1 with significant performance Aluminium shares (000807.sz)
On the basis of this, the average profit in the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry was 64.59 ton in 2020q1.
Production of 2021q1 also increased over the same period last year. At a high yield rate, the company’s performance of 2021q1 increased significantly by 276% compared to the previous quarter, making it the best in the single quarter since the company was listed.
After approaching 45 million tons of energy red line, as the “carbon neutral” strategy advanced, the production of electrolytic aluminium grew with limited elasticity and the energy consumption in Mongolia was both controlled and forced, downstream demand grew steadily.
All right. From upstream raw materials, the trend of excess supply of aluminium oxide versus electrolytic aluminium is difficult to change in the short term, the price of aluminium oxide remains weaker than that of electrolytic aluminium, fully releasing the margin of profit from electrolytic aluminum. In electrolytic aluminum production, it is difficult to break through the energy ceiling of supply-side reforms, and there is an oversupply of cost-side aluminium oxide.
The supply and demand patterns of the aluminium industry have reversed, with the current average profits in the electrolytic aluminium industry remaining at an historical high of close to $4,000 per tonne, and the high profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry is expected to continue. Carbon benefits are medium and policy, and the competitive advantage of the corporate hydroelectric aluminium industry is evident.
The country consumes 13,500 degrees of electricity per ton of electrolytic aluminium production. We produce about 90% of the electrolytic aluminum from coal, and 130,000 tons of carbon dioxide per ton of coal aluminium production date. The total CO2 emissions from the country ' s electrolytic aluminium industry were about 426 million tons per year in 2020.
After carbon neutralization and carbon peaks have become the focus of our strategic planning and government efforts, the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry will be the regulatory focus for energy consumption and reduction. The company is located in Yunnan, where it basically produces electricity and water on a process-by-process basis.
The carbon emissions from hydroelectric aluminium are only 20% of the coal-fired aluminium. In a carbon neutral context, domestic capacity for electrolytic aluminium production is limited, the price of electric aluminium from fire is reduced, and carbon trading increases production costs.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the hydroelectric and aluminium industry, continues to shape the entire industrial chain, with a steady pace of focus, and the city’s share is expected to rise further from the current 8%. At the same time, the company has a large pool of high-quality hydropower resources that meet the needs of the carbon neutral and time-sensitive environment.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.