Aluminium product volumes have risen and net profits have increased significantly in 2021q1
In the 2021q1 reporting period, corporate income was +68.69% and net profit was +242.42%, mainly as a result of the country’s economic recovery.
Impairment of fixed assets, such as smelting salt furnaces for aluminium production lines; cash payments by companies to employees of $426 million, or +37.76 per cent of the same amount, mainly due to the low base of social insurance premiums from the Department for the Deficiencies and Relief of the New Crown Epidemic Policy during the same period last year; sale of goods by companies, cash received for the provision of labour, etc.
Increased sales of aluminium commodities and higher sales prices during the reporting period; acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and billions of dollars for the rehabilitation of the Rutien Hydro-Aluminium Project and the integrated use of low-grade bauxite mines in Mansan. By the end of 2021q1, the company had accumulated a total investment of $1,701 million, representing actual fund-raising
80.77% of net funding; Rutien Hydro-Aluminium rehabilitation project phase completed and achieved production targets, phase II of the project was completed; the low-grade bauxite mining complex in Mansan is under way. The above works will increase the company ' s aluminium production and capture the high price of electrolytic aluminium.
The profits from electrolysis aluminium tons are expected to remain high in 2021. As vaccination coverage rises, the number of new infections in Western Europe and the United States declines, the recovery of overseas economies accelerates, and the ECB and the United States Federation accelerates.
Reserves remain unaltered by monetary easing; China has managed the epidemic well and the economy has taken the lead in recovery, starting on the normal track: in the context of sufficient liquidity and accelerated economic recovery, demand for aluminium has been supported by the tightening of China’s electrolytic aluminum production red line and energy consumption, with limited additional production capacity for electrolytic aluminium.
At the end of the cost, aluminium oxides are overcapacity, prices are hard to keep up, and the high-tonne levels of electrolytic aluminium are expected to sustain. The company’s electricity supply is based on hydropower, benefiting from carbon neutrality and policy, with less capacity expansion, and with the new project fully operational, it is expected that the company’s electrolytic aluminium production will rise to 3 million tons in 2021.
Carbon neutrality and policy, and expansion of production capacity, are expected to keep the profits of electrolytic aluminium firms high. Maintaining public-sector capacity expansion is not as high as expected, and the recovery of the overseas economy is slowing.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.