Strategicly sound growth with multiple advantages outstanding Events in Europe (603833.sh): the company issued its third quarter report in 2022. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue collection
The Māori rate is generally stable and the cost rate is higher than the rate, resulting in lower net interest rates. The Māori rate is invested, while the corresponding increase in the environmental impact of the harvest falls short of expectations.
The whole strategy has worked well, and the closet business has grown steadily. For the past three quarters, $8,708 million was achieved, an increase of 20.91 per cent over the previous three quarters, and for the q3 quarter, an increase of over $2 billion over the reporting period, an increase of about 39 per cent over the same period.
For the first three quarters, 5.45 billion yuan was achieved, an increase of 101 per cent over the previous three quarters, and 2,182 million yuan for the q3 quarter, a decrease of 0.36 per cent over the previous three quarters. For the wooden gate, 936 million yuan was achieved, an increase of 11.81 per cent over the previous three quarters, and 397 million yuan for the q3 quarter, an increase of 4.17 per cent over the same period.
With regard to retail outlets, the direct channel generated 461 million yuan, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the reporting period; the distribution channel reached 7,685 (compared with late 21 years + 210), of which 2,506 (+47) were distributed.
With regard to major channels, 2,432 million yuan was achieved during the reporting period, a decrease of 7.68 per cent over the same period, q3 dollars over the same quarter, an increase of 1.56 per cent over the same period, and the completion of real estate was restored following the implementation of the security policy.
With regard to cleaning channels, nearly $1.8 billion, or about 50 per cent more, is expected to be achieved during the reporting period, with companies taking the lead in dressing up, positioning, high-quality assembly resources, and constantly exploring development models that are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
Investment proposals: The company leads the home-based industry by creating a forward-looking, all-round layout, a strong moat, which remains robust in the context of industry pressure, and continues to look after the company as it fights, and commits itself to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate view of its research. Any part of my remuneration has not been in the past.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.