The realist's plan to buy back is to show confidence and optimize the organizational structure for efficiency.
• The proposal to repurchase the shares of the controlling party is a sign of confidence in development, and everyone stands out by maintaining the “buy-in” rating. On 20 October, the company announced that Mr. Yao Liangzon, the controlling shareholder, the owner and the chairman of the board of directors had proposed to buy back the shares of the company through a centralized bid exchange, which would be used to convert the issued tradables, equity incentives, members.
The repurchase plan, which totals not less than 125 million yuan and not more than 250 million yuan, the repurchase price does not exceed 150 per cent of the average value of stock transactions on the 30 days prior to the approval of the repurchase resolution, and the repurchase period is 12 months after the adoption of the repurchase programme, fully demonstrating management's confidence in the company's continued and stable future development, as we continue to see.
A good whole-of-the-art, custom-made and up-to-date system, sustained increases in unit prices and conversion rates under the strategy, maintenance of efficiency in the organizational structure and personnel adjustments to improve internal management efficiency, and further integration of all: (a) integration of entire sets of products, such as soft and wooden doors, into the Eurasia closet, into the entire marketing business
The Ministry, with Liu Sunping as its General Manager. (2) Integration of the guard bath into the Europa cabinet, forming the Department of Marketing of the Cook Guard, with Zhang Soo Joo as its General Manager. We believe that by merging the single-goods department, we can benefit from the consolidation of the department of marketing.
The combined effect of the inter-portfolio properties is that the combined operation of the multi-goods is beneficial in reducing communication costs and improving overall efficiency; moreover, the “integration” of this organizational structure provides the basis for later integration at the retail end of the market, and the company will in the future integrates the products and channels of the two core industries, namely, the cabinets and the closets.
• The whole house and the dressing are steadily falling and the city’s share is expected to increase, and the dressing has become an important flow catcher and a faster channel. Growth has been driven by the preponderance of performance since 2022.
The rise in the number of clients and the negative growth in the number of corporate clients in the context of the decline in the overall flow of customers in the industry reflect the advantage of multiple channels to reach clients in the midst of fragmentation of the flow, and the fact that companies are in the middle of a strategy to increase their income by 2022h1, which is higher than expected.
It is high enough to meet the changing needs of clients, with a higher rate of transformation, and a more rapid increase in corporate-market participation is expected to be seen in aggregate. Highlighted - Corporate Information Update Report, 20201 Income Growth Over-expected, Clothes and Cleaning
High rate of business continuity - company update