Europa Homes (603833) Light-worked Home Materiel 3-quarterly Eurasia Report: Income pressure, q4 positive.
Events: The company issued three-quarter performance announcements. The company collected $16,268 million in non-net profits in the first three quarters of the year, down 4.62 per cent to $1,921 million in the same year. Of these, single q3 accounts for an increase in the same year.
By category, cabinets// closets (with accessories)/cargo/basket/other operations q3 do not increase - 0.36%/7.98%/4.71%/11.51. In the first three quarters, company q3 dropped between 0.36% and $2.19 billion from the same period.
The bulk of the business has grown at roughly the same level as the previous year, while the cleaning business has grown at the same number as the same number, and the total stock/flow (million shares) in cabinets has remained at almost the same level as in the same period last year, with a slight decline. In the closet business, the ratio is 2203.
There's a small increase in the number of places in the battalion.
Annual income increases and competitiveness increases dramatically, q3 is expected to boost the growth of about six pcts, and the year-round looks to be a year-round challenge to close to 40% growth targets, and the main feeder has made a breakthrough, q4 is expected.
Europa Homes (603833) Three-quarter European Report Post Assessment: Over-expected earnings, accelerated closet operations Māori q3 is influenced by price increases in raw materials and income structure, Māori ratio is equal
Growth - 2021/10/27 Eurasia Homes (603833). Eurasia semi-annual reports eased. q3 marketing/management/research and development rates are the same for cost rates.
In terms of cash flows and forward-looking indicators: corporate cash inflows increased by 4.87 per cent over the year, net operating cash flows declined by 2.1 per cent over the year, and contractual liabilities increased by more than 30 per cent over the year.
The company adheres to a corporate strategy and a corporate strategy, and in the recent restructuring of its structure, the group has moved further. We expect companies to have a double of the 2022-2023 ps, with companies leading the industry in terms of diversification channels, expansions, supply chain integration, etc.
Considering that the company could become a leader in the future of the 4 trillion-strong pan-house industry, cover it for the first time.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report