Repurchase start-up, with everyone at the top of the list waiting for thin hair incident: company announcement, based on recognition of the confidence and value of the company's future steady development, Europole residence (603833).
For the first time since the company was listed, it was launched, highlighting management’s confidence in the company’s long-term development. In 2022, it was affected by the downside of real estate data, recurrent epidemics, and the continuing weakness of the economy’s consumption environment.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a steady growth in revenue, and the company became the leader of the industry, the ability to raise its share, and the resilience of its operations. Against the backdrop of the ongoing industry, the company's first repurchase since it started to market, and the use of the repurchase of shares for conversion has been demonstrated.
The debt-transferable, equity incentives, and employee-equity schemes show that management has accelerated the layout of the future of the company and the construction of a business model to protect the city. We see that every round of industry changes in the past few years has been a good opportunity to accelerate the long-term deployment of business.
As of October 10th, 2022, the European Union has achieved a breakthrough of 2.4 billion, the year 2021.
At the same time, the Europa cabinet has pushed retailers to collaborate on more than 4,000 and Europa closets worth more than a billion. We believe that the retrograde acceleration of the channel layout reflects management’s strategic vision of the long-term direction of the industry, and that the company’s fast-paced business model is protecting the city’s rivers.
We look forward to the creation of a one-stop home-to-house service platform for Chinese consumers, with a view to saving their efforts, and to the creation of a Chinese consumer brand. Recent organizational and personnel adjustments have been made to facilitate the integration of products and the efficiency of their operations.
The company has gradually integrated the guard bath into the Europa cabinet, integrating the entire series of products, such as soft clothes, wooden doors, into the Europa closet, which forms the framework for the integrated operation of the two main departments, the Euro-Cooker and the Euro-Classer. With the recent restructuring, Liu Sunping has become the general manager of the entire marketing department, bringing together the Euro-Coopers group.
In our view, this merger reflects the firm's determination to deepen the whole strategy, as sales patterns move from monolithic sales to spatialization and arbitrage.
The transformation of sales and product-type integration is expected to continue as large passenger single values increase the conversion rate; at the same time, as the inter-ministerial “horse race” mechanism moves towards “integration”, it is expected that the company will operate as a whole in the future
Europe’s home is a leader in the innovative and iterative business of the business model of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., with a strong executive power to drive the expansion of the product class and the channel.
In Beijing, the market share of the 9th House of the City of the City of the West End is rising fast. After the fundamentals of the past few years, the corporate model has matured, the product channels have become better integrated, and the industrial restructuring has accelerated the company’s long-term strategy.
Risk factors: significant downside risks in real estate sales, increased risks due to competition in industry \triangleright Lee Hong Peng, Master of Economics, six young workers with experience in manufacturing, formerly employed as light labourers at the Centre for Securities Research and Development
The manufacturing team, which received the new wealth of 2017, the Gold Cow Award, and components 4, 2 and 3 of the crystal ball light-work paper industry, has not been and will not be relevant, either directly or indirectly, to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.