Cost of deposit optimized and the rate of undergeneration decreased.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the rate of increase in net profit from the acquisition of 2024q3 was negative. In the first three quarters of 2024, the main data on the opening of the recruitment bank was 29 October 2024.
The annualized average total asset return (roaa) and the annualized average net asset return (roae) for ordinary equity holders (1.3%) and 15.38% respectively, a decrease of 0.13% and 2.00% respectively.
The collection structure is broken down so that the merchant bank realizes net interest in the first three quarters of the month at the lowest price in December.
16.90 per cent, driven by a combination of growth in the scale of sales and product structure, and a 47.36 per cent increase in the revenue of surrogates over the same period; and by the continuing effects of the premium reduction effect, agent insurance income continued to optimize the cost of deposits over the same period. In the first three quarters of 2024, the net interest differential of the hiring bank was 1.99 per cent, a decline in the same year.
20 basis points, the ring drops by two basis points. The lower interest rate on loan markets (lpr) and the lower interest rate on mortgages, combined with insufficient demand for effective credit, have resulted in lower returns on interest-bearing assets, which are the main factors that have contributed to lower net interest rates.
At the same time, benefiting from lower interest rates on deposits, strict restrictions on high-absorption deposits, such as manual interest supplementation, companies have continued to drive the growth of low-cost core deposits, and the deposit cost ring has continued to decline by 4 basis points to 1.54 per cent in the third quarter, with a positive effect on net interest rates.
At the end of September, the rate of non-performing loans to commercial banks was 0.94%, down 0.01 percentage points from the end of the previous year, equal to the ring; the rate of non-performing loans was 1.02%, down 0.01 percentage points from the same year.
Card lending focused on the risk offsetting capacity remaining at a higher level than the loan rate of 0.32 and 0.56 to 1.27 percentage points and 1.27 percentage points, respectively, as compared to the end of the previous year; the risk of weak demand for credit and pressure on the quality of bank assets due to a failure to recover; and market interest rates.
As a result of the downside, banks’ asset end-of-end returns fall and net interest differentials continue to run the risk. Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable for use of “middle- and high-risk” studies at risk levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department that have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.