The seafood industry (603288) food and beverages cost up + consumption is weak, profit is both high and South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) is under pressure.
The net profit to the mother was $3.35 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the previous year, of which 21q2 generated $5.17 billion, slowing up the growth rate compared to the three core categories of the same year and performing well in other operations. 21h1 soy sauce, aphid oil, and flavour sauce, respectively, slowed down to single digits: 1) high base effect of the epidemic during the same period last year: 2)
Weak consumption in the second quarter of the following environmental changes; 3) New channels led by community group purchasing have led to low-price competition and the loss of common-source customers: 4) issues such as increased overall spending in the industry, the increase in corporate core business by billions of yuan, a 13.4 per cent increase from the same year, provides a solid basis for the subsequent expansion of corporate goods.
Revenue growth in the southern part of the country increased by 2.2 per cent and remained robust; depending on the low level of demand, the rate of growth in the rest of the country declined to varying degrees, with income growth in the north/east/central/western, respectively, with a net growth of 356 to 7407 national distributors in 21h1 and a further consolidation of the channel advantage.
Multi-type extension channels continue to be refined, and corporate performance can grow steadily over time. Q2 performance is under pressure due to the high cost of raw materials. 21h1 has a Māori rate of 39.3%, rising prices compared to raw materials such as beans, tiles, etc.; 2) community buys are fully opened, with high-volume low-priced products squeezed hair
(iii) The change in accounting policy results in the cost of shipping charges being accounted for as a result of operating costs. In terms of cost rates, the sales rate was 5.5 per cent, a decrease of 2 pp from the same year to year, mainly as a result of reduced advertising costs in the current period; management costs are still clearly covered, resulting in an overall net interest rate of 21H1 falling by 0.9 to 27.2 per cent.
During the second half of the year, growth is expected to be resilient, and medium- and long-term developments continue to be positive. In the short term, subject to the need for weakness and upward pressure at the cost, the entire 21h1 performance of the spice industry has fallen short of expectations, and the comparison within the industry remains excellent. On the one hand, in the short term, in the face of cost pressures, leading firms have relied on rules.
The model advantage holds up price increases and is expected to accelerate the rapid increase in industrial concentration of small and medium-sized production; on the other hand, the market group buy-backs of past low-price rivalries will gradually improve after regulatory intervention, and in the absence of promotions, strong brands of leading firms will be able to achieve a fast-tracking of low-end products. In the medium and long term, industry-cost pressures will be reduced and folded.
With the next round of price increases, the company’s medium- and long-term performance will continue to be positive. Seafood (603288): the scale effect is visible, with a dynamic pe of 58, 48, and 40 times, respectively, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
2. Sea weather industry (603288): diversified product development leading to significant advantage (2021-04-01) 3. Sea weather industry (603288): performance against expectations, dragons
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.