Incident: The company published its semi-annual report for 2021.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies of $12.332 billion and $3.353 billion, respectively, represent an increase of 6.36 per cent in the same year compared with 2019, the average annual compound increase in the company’s operating income and the net return profits of the parent, respectively, and the factors of the dealer’s and household hoarding retreat, with the industry predominantly deposing stocks.
High base, corporate q2 performance pressure. Multi-grades go hand in hand, and the northern and central regions are growing faster. By category, soy sauce is the first major product before the company, and the aphids and sauce business are the company's second- and third-largest, respectively.
In the first half of the year, the company's business grew steadily. In the first half of the year, the company's soybean business and its soy sauce business generated 2,130 million yuan and 1,475 million yuan, respectively, respectively.
On the basis of this trend, there has been a good growth in online operations. 2021h1, the company’s down-line and off-line lines have generated operating income of $11,495 million and $252 million, respectively, an increase of 6.60% and 17.47%, respectively.
The Department has been active in the development of channels to deepen the market at the county level. At present, the company's network of channels covers 31 provincial administrative regions throughout the country, covering more than 300 local municipalities and more than 2,000 district markets, with products distributed throughout the country's major supermarket chains, urban and rural convenience stores, retail stores and exports.
The company ' s q2 Māori ratio has declined as a result of rising costs. The prices of raw materials such as soybeans and wrapping materials have continued to rise since 2020. The company ' s q2 Māori ratio has declined against the backdrop of rising costs.
2021q2, the company achieved a Māori rate of 37.06%, a decline of 2.90 percentage points from the previous year; net interest rate q2 performance was achieved. As stock goes steadily and product prices are expected to increase, the company’s fundamentals are expected to warm back and take advantage of long line layout opportunities after performance has been pressured.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.