Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: first down in a single quarter, with better performance than industry, mid-2021, first six months of harvest, net return to the mother, deduction to the mother
Non-net profits were 12.32 billion yuan, 3,353 million yuan, or 3,250 million yuan, or +6.36 per cent, and income analysis: first down in the first quarter of the year, severe in the north, and good on-line growth rates. In the first half of the year, income fell for the first time since the market, with a higher base for the same period last year and a higher in the community.
Group purchase hit the traditional channel, three of which was a relatively weak demand. In the second quarter alone, 1) sub-products: soy sauce, sauce sauce, blubber revenues - 7.20 per cent, 8.66 per cent, - 7.06 per cent, average decline; 2) subregion: overall regional performance was slightly worse, with the northern region experiencing the lowest decline in revenues
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) The company has a net increase of 356 distributors, of which 284 are net q1 and 72 are net q2 and progress has slowed slightly. 4) Sub-channels: good growth on the line, 10 per cent below the line and 14 per cent on the line.
Report: Excellent cost control, leading industry start-up - 2021/04/30 Profit analysis: cost increases Māori pressure, offset by reduced advertising costs and continued profits
In the first half of the year, the mother's net profit was 3,353 million yuan, compared to 3.07% (q1:+21.13%); q2: Stocktaking: the annual target is exceeded and new is expected.
Material cost increases; 2) change in accounting standards to promote sales that are no longer expensed but offset income (go to seafood (603288) Sea weather industry, the corresponding annual rate of 0.87 ptt for the three seasons of sea weather industry). 7.52% for the first half of the year, compared to -2.25 pt, gross
21-year outlook: year-round targets are under pressure and cost pressures are still under way. The company plans to collect data for the first half of the 21-year period, pushing back the second half of the year with 26 per cent profit growth and 33 per cent profit growth. We think the seafood industry is fading: for the first time in the first quarter of the first quarter, it's outperforming the industry.
Corporate pressure is a little high in the broader context of fee weakness. The second half of the year, 1. End of income: as consumption stabilizes, income growth is expected to improve and positive in the second half of the year; 2. End of profit: soybean costs are expected to be high in the second half of the year, cost pressures are still in place, and the rate of profit growth under control is expected to increase.
In the five-year year of the company ' s 35-year plan, the company will continue to work on the product, the channel, and continue to make a good taste, and strive for double-digit growth. 1) Product category: further market leadership in the three core categories of soy sauce, alfon oil, soybeans, and soy sauce, which is expected to produce higher-end products than it is now.
40% up to 50% of the soybean oil volume, strengthening the new market for soybeans, with emphasis on new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc.: 2) Channels: Weaving the network of channels to enhance the development of the three or four-line city gap and weak markets, and promoting a steady increase in revenues, based on the company's “3 or 5” plan
In view of structural upgrading and progress in product-volume spaces, corporate channels, we judge that the probability of a “3 by 5” plan is high and continues to be good in the long term. Profit predictions and ratings: maintenance of an “upscaling” rating.
With the outstanding advantages of class and size, the moat has continued to expand, benefiting from a concentrated boost dividend, a cost-up dividend, a scale dividend, and a management dividend, companies will continue to sustain sustained and robust growth in the future, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to be successfully achieved in the long term. But short-term consumption is weak.
In South China, Li Yinwen, 9 North Street, Beijing West Side, Beijing.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.