The seafood industry (603288) is halfway through the progress of h1 and the marginal is moving towards good, and we've been tracking the channels in the near future, with regard to the industry, the company's business, the sales schedule, the pipeline inventory.
h1, which is halfway through the process and is expected to improve gradually. Following up, the company has been halfway through the sale of h1 and is currently in stock for about two months, at a high level, mainly because the demand for meals has not returned to its 19-year level, household needs have fallen and community purchases have been made.
In addition, the cost of raw materials continues to rise, companies take into account the context of the epidemic and the needs of the population, offering no price increases at the beginning of the year, and there are pressures on profits. In the face of an unfavourable external environment, companies actively adjust, including by actively expanding new channels.
On-line marketing platforms to develop new product specifications for community groups, while assisting distributors in adjusting product structures, reducing stocks, improving evaluation methods, and helping distributors to speed up the flow of funds.
▪ The year-round goals are positive, and strong competitive escort travels through the cycle. With 21 years of corporate target revenue/profits, and increased competition, companies continue to perform better than industry, operating more efficiently and finely, and have excellent managerial competencies, and look forward to the successful completion of the year-long goals.
In the medium term, it is planned that the corporate growth targets will be robust, with clear pathways, products, three major business developments in soy sauce, alfonium and soy sauce, with a focus on the development of large individual products such as high-food sauce and alfon oil, and a diversified product matrix of products such as composites, bottoms, and edible oils, with channels.
Working with new and emerging platforms, such as live and online platforms, actively embrace new channels. At the same time, operating on a continuous basis is sophisticated and efficient internally, such as improving production efficiency through positive technological changes, adjusting procurement strategies, reducing costs, and promoting better resource allocation towards three or five goals.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are competitive, strong, under pressure from the external environment, using their channels and brand advantages to move through cycles, achieve robust growth, and further strengthen their market position. We give them 21-23 years of eps projections.
The flagship status and medium- and long-term growth are relatively certain, covering the first time and giving an “enhanced” rating.