\triangleright is the effect of the reversal of investment returns due to the volatility of debt markets and the impact of base effects. 21q4 season other non-interest income growth rates of 235.4 per cent constitute the higher base figure, compared to 22q4 rounds
The negative feedback has led to significant increases in bond interest rates, leading to some losses. The projected 23q1 battalion rate of revenue drops in space or is more limited, although still subject to heavy pricing, because other non-interest income increases in the 22q1 seasons are only 9.7 per cent, and base effects are no longer apparent.
Reduce by 1 bp the negative rate of 22 q3 in the equity bank or because the loan load of the bank is relatively light. In order to stabilize the profit growth at the margins of the growth rate, a proper counter-bullying strategy has been adopted.
The strategy is reflected in the statements, and the perceived “flash” of 2022 is reflected in a decline in profit growth, but Roe is largely on par with the previous year, with a guaranteed equity return.
\triangleright is roughly the same as in 2021, reflecting management's failure to keep its equity returns low at a time of marginal decline in profit growth.
Solution: Credit to the “open door” with the downside over the 2022 investment proposal: Economic recovery catalyzing, valuation still low \triangleright \triangleright
The quality of assets is still improving, and the potential for strategic transformation is yet to be gradually demonstrated, with the shareholdings “multi-strategic new weather” in 2022, “new five years” re-led by 2022/03/Figure 1: Episcopal Bank's cumulative growth in performance as of 2022
Figure 2: Growth in other non-interest-bearing income of the Episcopal Bank as of the first quarter of 22q3
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.