Mechanical rail transport equipment has passed the low point and performance is expected to improve continuously The performance has been reduced by a narrow season and positive growth is expected in four quarters: the company achieved a harvest in the first three quarters of 2017
For the first time, positive growth has been achieved, with the company’s performance in the last quarter of this year and in 2018, 2019. The Renaissance is officially on the line, and the bid is expected to return to the top.
According to the company's announcement of 21 August, the China-China Motors Group has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China Railways, under which China-China will purchase a standard 350-km-hil unit of 500, and China-China-China-Trailer will work together to implement a yearly payment system. On the basis of previous negotiations, China-China-Trailer has set the price of the “Recovery” as the price.
The next few years will be expected to generate more than $85 billion for each group of 171 million, 500 rejuvenations, and, with Harmonium procurement and 250 km per hour in the development of the project, the company's future railway operations are expected to rebound.
The construction of urban orbital transport accelerated during the period of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan, and urban orbital operations opened up a new engine of growth in corporate performance: during the period of the Tenth Three-Five Plan, our urban orbital transport will reach a peak of 3,000 km (an increase of 109.77 per cent over the 3293 km at the end of 2015) with an annual investment of over 300 billion yuan.
As the Māori rate rises from year to year, the future of urban track business will bring more business to the company. The internationalization strategy of Zhang Jing Jie is moving forward steadily, opening up overseas markets “a way and a way” since the strategy was launched.
Wang Zhijie's overseas operations are growing rapidly, and by the first half of 2017 the company had 75 offshore subsidiaries in 26 countries and territories around the world (of which 50 were born in September 2013 after the "One Way" initiative was launched),
13 offshore R & D centers (including preparation). By participating in projects along the “one-way” route to Yavan, Indonesia, high and medium railways, Central Thai railways, Hungarian railways, Yagi railways, Monne railways, etc., the company is expected to improve its overseas operations.
From simple product exports to full-factor exports of technology, products, capital, and services. Benefiting from the depth of the country’s “one-way” strategy, firms’ overseas operations are expected to expand faster.
First, performance meets expectations, and looks forward to future performance, with 15.21% growth over the same period. The fall in corporate revenue is shrinking season by season, and net return profits have reversed negative growth in five quarters.
For the first time, positive growth has been achieved, looking at the company’s performance in the fourth quarter and in 2018 and 2019. Percentage points. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rates have shown an upward trend in recent quarters, mainly due to the continuing per capita percentage point of the company’s urban track business volume. The management cost rate was 11.18 per cent, an increase of 0.79 percentage points over the same period last year; the sales cost rate was 3.23 per cent, the same rate as last year.
(i) The increase in the speed of the construction of high iron during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Medium- to Long-Term Railway Network proposes that, by 2020, railway operations will have reached 150,000 km (compared with the rate at the end of 2016)
124,000 km up by 20.97%), of which 30,000 km (up from 22,000 km at the end of 2016) will be covered by high iron operations (figure 6: Planning chart for medium- and long-term high-speed railway networks. Standard-driven car fleet (Recovery) has been operational since June this year and is expected to be the main vehicle type for future bidding by China and China.
According to the company's announcement of 21 August, the China-China Motors Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the China Railways Corporation, under which China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based company would purchase a standard 350-km-a-delegate (Recovery) group 500, which would be paid on a yearly basis. On the basis of previous negotiations, China-China-China-Team-a-Team had set the price of “Recovery” at $171 million per group, 500 groups per group.
Renaissance’s procurement is expected to generate more than $85 billion in revenues for companies in the coming years. The company’s revenues from railway equipment operations have declined in recent years, from $72,535 million in the first three quarters of 2017, a decline of 2.38% compared to 2.38%, and it is expected that the company’s railway equipment operations will be expected to rebound as the demand for moving cars rises.
(ii) The construction of urban orbital traffic accelerated during the "13th Five-Year" period, and urban orbital operations opened up to companies. Urban orbital traffic consisted mainly of metro systems, light orbital systems, single-track systems, trams, magnetic floating systems, automatic orbital orbital systems, and municipal orbital fast-track systems.
During the period of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan, our urban orbital traffic will peak, and China's Transport Development proposes during the period of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan to increase the range of our new urban orbital transport operations by 3,000 km compared with the 3293 km at the end of 2015 by 109.77%. The company's current urban orbital operations include urban orbital vehicles, urban orbital engineering packages and other engineering packages, which have developed in recent years.
Rapidly (q3 income of $21,286 million, or 37.63 per cent more than the previous year), with approximately $120 billion currently on hand orders, synergies are gradually accelerating transport construction, and future urban-track operations will result in significant growth in corporate performance. (iii) Internationalization strategies are steadily moving forward, opening up overseas markets “all the way”
The internationalization strategy has been steadily moving forward, opening up overseas markets on a “one-way” basis. Since the “one-way” strategy began, companies have developed rapidly overseas. By the first half of 2017, companies had established 75 offshore subsidiaries (of which 50 were born in September 2013 after the “one-way” initiative) of 13 offshore R & D centres (including preparatory products) in 26 countries and territories around the world.
In 102 countries and territories, overseas operations have been transformed from simple product exports to full-scale exports of technology, products, capital, services through participation in projects such as the construction of the “one-way” of the Indonesian Javan High, Medium and Old Railways, the Central Thai Railway, the Hungarian Railway, the Yagi Railway, the Monne Railway, etc.
According to the company plan, the 13th Five-Year Overseas Income will account for 15% of the company's total revenue, the 14th Five-Year End has reached the end of the year, and we continue to look after China's high-iron construction and the export of high-iron operations along the way, judging that the high-iron business has passed its low point, predicting that the company's recovery delivery is not as fast as expected, that domestic rail transport is not built as expected, that overseas markets are not expanding as expected, and so on.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data