China Central (a) (601766.ss) performance is in line with expectations: higher out-of-business income and lower tax rates drive profit growth China Central (China) announced a revenue/net profit of RMB 52 billion/31 billion in the third quarter of 2017, which is equivalent to High China.
The forecast is 57-66%. In terms of sub-operations, the net profit rate for railway equipment/city track and urban infrastructure/modern services/new industries reached a historical high of 6%, benefiting from the RMB 831 million contribution from the out-of-business income to China’s Chinese vehicle (a) (601766.ss)
(A 33 per cent increase over the same year) and the effective rate fell to 16 per cent (a 3 percentage point decrease over the same year), both factors.
This is not going to be a major reversal, but we think the rate of growth will be modest. (4) We see companies opening up new products, such as the inter-City Revival iron at 160 km per hour. But given that the product development and testing phase usually takes one to two years, we think it is unlikely that the bidding will take place in 2018.
Line risk: 1) Increased rail density and increased line competition will result in increased demand for dynamic car fleets; 2) Increased volume of freight will result in an increase in the number of motor vehicle tenders in 2018-19.
The Asia-Pacific sales list has business relationships and continues to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not be seen as having a potential conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report.
China (a) (601766.ss) China (a): Summary of financial data
Persons contributing to this report Chinese (a) (601766.ss) Chinese (a) Chinese (601766.ss)
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities in question. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some companies being acquired.
We rate companies by M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & As (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent) and three have a lower probability (0 per cent - Quantum quantum Quantum), a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
A comprehensive quantitative analysis of the performance of enterprises in these three areas has been screened. Ducie: a share industry, Chinese industry.a A share industry: Chinese Chinese (a), Easton, ethnic lasers, leading intelligence, New Timeda, Sino-Changan technology, robotics.
China Industry: China Chase, China Chinese Car (h), China Tianxian International, and Cao Cao Cao, China Motor Age Electric. Legal disclosure relating to the company did not disclose specific information on the following companies: China Central (a) (rmb10.68), China Chinese Car (h) (hk$7.56)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Portfolio. The High China Portfolio is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.