The industry's profits have been rising, and China's traffic has risen.
In addition, we conclude that the speed of the start-up of the bidding process represents a return to the overall high level of iron procurement in the next three to five years. It is expected that it will be in the next three to five years.
Time to maintain the level of procurement (excluding overseas orders) in the 400+ standard columns per year. 16 ministries, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications and the Development and Reform Commission, have recently issued a joint publication of Guidance on the Role of Civil Investment in Promoting the Implementation of the Manufacturing Power Strategy.
Internationally competitive niche industries, such as high iron, actively strengthen the international layout, provide policy, financial, financial, and other services, and promote a sound and orderly expansion of international emerging markets by private enterprises. Companies, as providers of core packages in the area of high iron and steel, will benefit from the entry of private capital.
The Secretary-General at this year’s “19th Congress” stressed once again the importance and necessity of our manufacturing industry moving toward high-end manufacturing.
A 12-month maximum/minimum requirement, and an ambitious blueprint for it. Indonesia, Thailand, and the rest of the country's high-iron projects have been moving forward steadily, with a new shipment of vehicles from the Boston subway project in the United States, the future company sea.
In China, China, where the industrial downturn has passed, foreign operations will grow further as the “one-way” strategy deepens.
We look forward to the future of the company as a leading global trader, moving up to a “buy-in” rating. Periods; risk of a downturn in corporate income from overseas operations; systemic risk, etc.
There's so much profit in China, so much in China, so much in China, so much in China, so much in China, so much in China, so much in China.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.