Mid 2024: A steady recovery in semiconductor markets, industry 26/08/2024.
47.02% less. The recovery in effective demand in the area of special integrated circuits is still short of expectations, owing mainly to a decline in product sales and unit prices. Total operating income in the second quarter was $1.732 billion, with a 51.87% ring growth compared to performance in the first quarter.
The roll-out of the new product, “The future” of the puzzle: the micro-intelligent security chip operations of the Purple States have maintained a good momentum in a number of areas, such as telecommunications, finance, identification, and object networking, which accounted for the company's first half of 2024.
On August 21, two new items were released: the first open shelf worldwide, a built safety chip — eq45r, a high-end flagship r52+ kernel certified as an asild product.
Car regulation mcu-tha6412. Generating the condensation of the integrated circuit industry and the future growth of corporate resilience: the company is one of the country's leading integrated integrated circuits city companies, in smart safety chips, special integrated circuits, stone crystals.
Business areas such as frequency devices have deep R & D and industrialization capabilities. The integrated circuit industry has a strong cyclical nature, with the overall industry climate projected to be more than $611.2 billion in 2024, after a series of adjustments, such as going to inventories in 2023.
• Actively explore potential markets, optimize industrial layout, and improve overall management and operational effectiveness.
Assessment: Basic stability of business performance, product spectrometry  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is in the lead on the special integrated circuits in the country, but taking into account the downward pressure on the special integrated circuits, we lower the company ' s net profit forecast for 2024-2026.
Purple National Emblem (002049): tri-quarter 2023: Stocktaking: Increased R & D Input, Future Development of Companies Risks of Decline in Prices and Destoration of Some Products; 3) New Product R & D, Technological Renewal, Market Competition
Three major financial forecasting tables for UXIU S.A., Inc., are qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.