Glossy Glass (600660) Cars q4 perform brightly and Māori rate continues to rise at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its 2023 report and earned $33,161 million, or +18 per cent, for the year as a whole; the mother's net profit, or 11.6 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, for the same year, and the company, as a global car glass leader, continued to win the industry. In terms of performance, total corporate profits increased by 20.38 per cent in 2023 over the same period of the previous year, if
• The share of high-value-added products has increased, and asp has continued to grow. As car intelligence has developed, more and more new functions have been integrated into car glass, and the penetration of high-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass and hud glass, has increased.
In 23 years, the company ' s car glass was worth $213.24 per square metre, compared to +5.94 per cent, with higher value-added products rising by 9.54 pp per year, continuing to grow rapidly, and the trend towards motor intelligence continued to drive market expansion. Taken together, as the company ' s share of higher value-added products increased, it will be brought with it.
The industry is characterized by a high concentration of oligopolies, and the public is expanding its customers with a stable supply chain and cost advantage. According to the output volume, the company has been growing for 23 years.
The global market share continues to rise by 140.16 million m2 of glass sales, compared to +10.24 per cent. Companies spend $8,123 million on capital spending in 24 years to continuously expand their production capacity. Compared to competitors, firms have significant advantages in terms of concentration, profitability, cost control, R & D inputs, and are expected to be driven by scale effects.
The city share is expected to continue to rise.
Glossy glass (600660): q1 performance meets expectations, 4. Glossy glass (60660): ratio of high-value-added products: scenario 1: benefit from an increase in intelligent penetration, increase in the share of high-value-added products such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, belt
Assumption 3: Improved operation of overseas plants and a narrow loss rate for sam, Noro will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly, either for lack of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.