Lithium power industry is strong, and the storage capacity gap leads the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance summary: the company achieved operating income of $4.475 billion in 2021, an increase of 134.07 per cent over the previous year;
Billion dollars, a year-on-year increase of 184,64%, eps.93, outperforms expectations. Future markets: the power cell market expanded at a very rapid rate on last year’s low base in 2021, with companies expanding in a systematic manner, able to absorb market demand in a timely manner, capture the incremental market, and expand the power cell ratio.
In the Ninder era, the size of the market is billions of dollars. Overseas markets will be driven by Europe in the immediate future, and the coverage of new energy cars will increase steadily, with the hope of taking the lead in electricizing the entire region by car: as policy and subsidies follow, the US market will move gradually.
Power Batteries: The company, as an absolute leader in the industry, has strong R & D powers, deep moats, R & D costs, patent reserves, all leading. Multi-calibre measurements, the company's output in 2021 will exceed 100 ngwh, a 100 % increase over the same period. Companies are deeply tied to many downstream customers, while major overseas competitors are ligated.
Learning is hampered by product quality problems, and production is more intense in the context of a priority supply of Tesla. It is expected that this year the company will be able to further enrich its client resources and lead China’s “intellectual” to the world.
The company, as the leader of the industry, is expected to take the lead in solving the downside challenge and in commercializing the storage of energy batteries through the development of storage technology, which will push the storage market to a new level, with great prospects.
In the first half of the year, the company’s storage capacity grew by 727% over the same period. It is expected that, as policies and subsidies drive up, the country’s demand for storage capacity will grow in recent years, with companies pre-positioning energy technology, a more mature system of storage capacity operations, a very high cost advantage in the industry, and a pioneer who can take the lead in reaping the Blue Sea dividend.
The company’s power cell performance will continue to grow at a high rate, while storage of energy products will become another important growth pole in performance, optimizing the company’s product structure and further enhancing its profitability. The combined growth rate of corporate gross revenue over the next three years will be 71%.
For the first time, it covers the risk of production stagnation; the risk of policy change. 1 Company profile: Deep Farming for more than 20 years, creating a global lithium tap.
New Energy Technologies for the Ninder Age, Inc., established in 2011, listed on 11 June 2018 and known as the Ning Dynasty (300,750.sz). The company is a producer of lithium ion batteries with a whole industry chain. The main business consists of a new energy vehicle-driven battery system and a storage energy system, with a core in key areas of the industrial chain, such as battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, etc.
Technology advantages and sustainable R & D capabilities. From 2017 to 2020, company power batteries were ranked first globally for the fourth year in a row, and in the Nind era (catl) was removed from the polymer lithium ion battery ' s new energy source (atl), which was created in 2011 by a group of former secondary entrepreneurs and some of the researchers of the atl led by Yellow Shil. In 2012, the company received a copy from Bo.
Horse power battery orders, the first order in the real sense of the company. By studying hundreds of pages of BMW standard German-language production documents, the company managed to access the entire process of power cell development, design, development, certification, testing, and successfully installed the battery system on the first electric suv “no 1e” under the Hua morning BMW flag.
As of 31 March, a group of former shareholders in the company had invested 100% of their shares in the company, and indirectly 24.54% of their shares in the Ningde era; Li Ping directly held 4.81% of the company’s shares, both of which were in the same business.
(b) The company's equity structure and subsidiaries are excellent teams of executives from atl and major consulting firms, investment companies, lithium battery research and development, and corporate warfare.
From 2018 to 2020, the company published three restricted stock incentive schemes, while it implemented a restrictive equity incentive scheme for senior managers, core business and technical cadres, fully motivated to mobilize staff, and helped the company develop over the long term. The share of company employees in the platforms disclosed in the 2020 report exceeded 5.63%.
Industry analysis: 100 billion markets opened the lithium age, and the national power cell load grew from 27.68gwh to 63.57gwh, with an average annual compound growth rate of over 23%. With the explosive car pattern, electric car sales increased, reaching 52.50gwhh in 2021.
According to China Air Association data, 1206,000 new H1 vehicles were sold in 2021, with a 9% rate in the city, up from 4 pct in 2020.
By 2025, the market share of new energy vehicles reached 25%, selling about 2.5 million vehicles per year, with an average of 50 kwh on a new energy vehicle, so that power cell loads would exceed 300gwh, with a combined annual growth rate of up to 38%. By the end of 2020, the global/national share of new energy reserve workers was less than 1%, and there was still much room for growth.
It is expected to be a 100 billion-grade market.3 Financial analysis: the company's business performance continues to improve. The company's output was successfully restored in 2020 and its expansion accelerated in 2021.
With $50.32 billion in revenue, an increase of only 10 per cent compared to the previous year, the epidemic is less affected by the epidemic and recovery is faster than that of its counterparts, with 134 per cent higher than that of the previous year, with a sudden increase in revenue from storage operations, which is 727 per cent higher than that of the previous year, and a proportional increase in revenue.
The profit of $5.58 billion, an increase of 22.43 per cent over the same period, and the interest rate of the parent increased by 2 percentage points over 2019, mainly due to economies of scale achieved by the company’s expansion. The company’s net profit of the parent in 2018 fell from 2017 because of a large loss in the subject of the company’s investment earnings in 2018 and a 32 per cent increase in the net profit of the parent after deduction.
The firm’s size advantage, with profit margins remaining high in the industry. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate were excellent in terms of cost control in 2020.
The cost of the company fell steadily, and the R & D expenditure was high. The company ' s sales cost was 4.41% in 2020, but we selected four mainstream companies in the lithium battery industry, with four companies averaging 117 times the price in 2021 and the 2022 round.
Corporate power cell performance will continue to grow at a high rate, while storage of energy products will be another factor in performance. Growth will be further enhanced by optimizing the company's product structure and further improving its profitability.
1) New product and technology development risks: As an emerging industry, the lithium ion-powered battery industry is being technologically upgraded faster and is developing in a somewhat uncertain way. If firms fail to always lead and continue to move ahead with technology-level industries, market competitiveness and profitability may be affected.
2) Increased market competition has led to the risk of a decline in the Māori rate: in recent years, the rapid growth of the lithium ion battery market has been accompanied by increasing competition in the market, and companies will face some risk of increased competition in future business development.
3) Risk of shutdown of production of downstream products: The company ' s products, lithium ion power cells, are primarily downstream customers of electric car manufacturers, but since the second half of 2020, the shortage of “car chips” from the core raw materials of global auto manufacturers has resulted in a partial shutdown or a decline in production, thus limiting the company ' s future ranking if the lack of cores is not improved for a long time.
4) Risk of policy change: Support policies and subsidies have a greater impact on industry and corporate performance, and if there is a larger shift in policy in the future, industry development may be forced to slow. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.