On the evening of 28 February, the company released the " Performance Express 2019 " , which achieved gross operating income of 57.752 billion yuan, an increase of 15.88 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 12.398 billion yuan, an increase of the same amount.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company achieved a total operating income of $17,913 million, an increase of 11.72 per cent, and a 13.11 per cent increase over the same period of the year; the return net profit of $4,371 million, an increase of 10.45 per cent.
The growth rate for the same period last year was 21.46%. In our view, in 2019, companies focused on their strengths, change management, optimize their structures, maintain high levels of R & D inputs while increasing operational efficiency, improve overall competitiveness, and sustain robust growth in their performance.
Given the growth in corporate operating income, industry demand has slowed down after companies have been added to the list of entities by the United States Department of Commerce. To adapt to the new situation, the company performance appraisal indicators for the 2018 restricted stock scheme have been revised.
In order to protect the long-term interests of companies and shareholders, and to further motivate cadres to continue their hard-won efforts, the company proposes to revise the Restricted Stock Plan 2018 (Revised Draft) and its summary, among other documents.
The company's performance was evaluated by using the historical comparative value of the growth rate of the combined operating income as an optional indicator for the same period as that of the pole company, i.e., one of the two was satisfied during the unlocking period.
The company performance appraisal indicators are considered satisfactory. We believe that the revisions will provide the full incentive to increase, to operate on a quarterly basis, to improve the competitiveness of the company and to ensure its long-term and stable development.
I'm opening up a long-term growth space for the industry, and I'm not worried about it.
In our view, the integration of the smartness network with the information network has opened up enormous space for data management, data integration, data services and data applications, and has reopened industry development.
The ceiling. The company, as the industry leader, combines deep learning algorithms and products, launching a whole series of army-to-military deep-intelligence families that cut intelligence analysis across the process from information gathering to storage applications.
At the same time, in order to match business changes, companies are actively restructuring their internal organizational structures to prepare for the dawn of an era of intelligence. Looking ahead, companies are expected to lead the transformation of the industry, open up new growth spaces, and continue to grow without fear.
Chen Tunan, as the global champion of security, has overall advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, and companies will continue to develop robustly without changing the overall demand space.
Macroeconomic development has fallen short of expectations, policies such as snowflake projects have fallen short of expectations, overseas market expansion has fallen short of expectations, core parts supply risks, innovative business developments have fallen short of expectations, and competition has increased risks. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.