Postal Bank (601658): The advantage of indebtedness is highlighted by the Ministry of Finance’s aggressive investment and increased confidence in the postal group’s primary capital. The company’s controlling shareholder’s postal group competed on April 8, to increase the company’s shares from the secondary market.
Credit growth continues to decelerate slightly with the industry, with credit cards and microloans slowing more sharply. Horizontally, corporate credit growth remains a comparative advantage over the national average.
Post-credit support to entities is expected to increase, and these factors will support a faster growth in the size of corporate assets with the industry. The increase in deposit pricing is further slowed by factors such as increased self-regulation of deposit pricing and increased attractiveness of financial returns.
At the end of the asset, the measured interest rate was 3.14 per cent, and the same rate was still much lower, with some 28bps: on the one hand, the impact of the heavy pricing of lpr, the interest rate on stock housing loans and, on the other hand, the increase in the share of low bonds in the bond portfolio as a result of the high level of government debt issued in recent years, the lower interest rate and the lower interest rate. At the end of the debt, the calculated interest rate was 1.37 per cent.
The increase to about 17bps is due mainly to the continuing effect of interest reduction on multiple rounds of deposits. The improvement in the rate of interest paid by the Postal Bank since 2023 has been more pronounced than in other state-owned banks, benefiting from the structure of predominantly private deposits. At the end of the year, interest rates on new loans are more stable at this stage, in line with the trend in policy interest rates, and then, if tariff effects trigger interest reductions, they are more pronounced.
Loan-end interest rate adjustments are made more synchronized, and deposit rates are expected to drop if asset-end pressures increase. Under current interest rates, the position is maintained, the savings agent reduction effect is reflected in the expectation that the liability-end improvement will cushion downward pressure on assets, and the interest differential is expected to continue to narrow.
Reserve Bank (601658): Savings agents have just increased their income from equity and finance intermediate business and have shown brighter returns on their investments. q4 fees and commission net revenue have been reduced on a year-on-year basis, and deposit reduction has had an impact on hedge lending ends –
Structurally, there has been a faster growth in investment, finance, hosting operations, and the closing of proxy insurance, bank cards, and the settlement of the Postal Bank (601658): deposits have grown more than business gaps. As a result of the increase in the size of the bovine market and investment, investment returns + fair value changes have improved significantly.
Quick, focus on the optimization of savings agency programmes - companies are experiencing macro-environmental impacts and a slight increase in asset quality pressures. q4 Q4 QC bank failures and concerns continue to rise slightly, mainly if the risk of individual micro-credit and mortgages increases with industry, pressure to operate with weak market players and employment and income of residents.
Since the beginning of 2024, there has been a more pronounced upward trend in credit and credit risk for bankers. The quality of corporate lending assets is expected to remain stable owing to a steady decline in poor customer and business services, real estate, etc.
The effect of savings agent discounts is that credit risk responds to spatial and performance elasticity. The new savings agent fee scheme landed at the end of September 2024. The adjusted combined rate fell to 1.08 per cent, measured on the basis of the 2023 proxy savings deposit.
The new programme was implemented retroactively in the second half of 2024, leading to a higher level of confidence in the strategic investments of the Ministry of Finance and the postal group. The company will raise an additional $130 billion for the Ministry of Finance, the China Mobile Group, and the China Shipping Group, all of which will be used to supplement core-level capital.
At the end of 2024, it was measured that the firm’s core-level equity share, which at that time represented 1.02 per cent of the total common stock, was higher than expected. Profit projections and investment proposals.
With greater policy space, it is expected that the banking environment will be improved and bank spreads and credit risk pressures eased. At the corporate level, strategic investment in finance ministries and postal groups will build firm corporate capital, and asset quality pressures are expected to be manageable and good business performance will continue in the future.
Figure 1 Size of new loans from q4 PBN, in billions of yuan, size and acceleration of PBK deposits, left axis: in billions, in q4 PBK, in millions of yuan, in 3 calendar years
Figure 4 Quarterly interest differentials and changes in year-on-year ratios at the PBS, right axis: bps, figure 5 measured the weight price of PB bank deposits to a greater extent than the loan weight price impact units: bps (left axis), % (right axis), size of PB bank charges and commission revenue in the second half of the 6th calendar year, millions of yuan
Figure 7 Poorness, Concern and Overdue Rates at PSB, in %, PSB, in %, in %, in %, in %, in PSB, in %, in %, for the main sectors of public loans.
Following the implementation of the new scheme in figure 10, the combined rate of savings agents at the Reserve Bank has been reduced to 1.08 per cent. Appendix: three series of forecasts of statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.