The reserve bank (601658) performed well on non-interest-bearing income, with interest-rate-reducing balances reduced to 3% and 3.5%. On the same day, the deposit rate was reduced by 5%, 10, 15bps, less than 2 years of fixed-term deposits and 25bps for 3 years and 5 years of fixed-term deposits respectively.
On the structural side, there is a high innovation in the size of the new public-private loans and a better discount on bills; the performance of individual loans is weak, mainly because consumption and housing demand remain weak. Financial investments are growing at a faster rate than ever before.
High fallbacks, a departure from higher levels of government debt financing, or the company’s choice to slow down investment during the year’s volatility in the q1 debt market. The apparent expansion in government bond supply and the expected increase in credit-to-entity support under tariff influence will contribute to a faster growth of corporate assets with industry.
q1 interest differentials are more affected by heavy pricing, and q2 deposits are expected to reduce interest differentials. q1 single-season interest differentials are 1.71%, and pricing impacts on the other hand, due to the high issuance of government debt in recent years, lower interest rates, and bond portfolios.
At the end of the liability, the rate of measured interest payments increased to about 20 bps, mainly because of the continuing effect of interest reduction on multi-wheel deposits. To benefit from the predominantly personal structure of deposits, the rate of interest paid by the postal bank has improved since 2023.
This is more pronounced than in other countries. In May, Ipr fell by 10 bps in one year and 5 years, with savings of various durations posted, it became clear that the Ministry of Finance had stagnated with the increase in the rate of decline of 5 to 25 bps, and the pressure on the difference was smoothed down by measuring the simultaneous interest rate reduction of the deposit.
q1 net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 8.76% over the year, maintaining the position and reflecting the savings agent ' s reduction effect.
This is significantly better than the average for listed banks and large banks. In 2024, there were two main reasons behind the assumption: on the one hand, companies were active in public business, investing, managing money, and hosting continued to grow better; on the other hand, last year, sexual easing and interest cuts on deposits had an impact on hedge loans.
The agent insurance revenue base is lower under the combined effect of the "reports " . Investment returns + gains and losses on fair value changes continue to perform better, with an increase of 18.81 per cent over the year, driven on the one hand by the continued strength of investment size, and, on the other hand, by a two-wheel-drive strategy of the paper industry, which benefits from the "tick-and-roll-and-post" approach.
>According to macro-environmental impacts, there has been a slight increase in asset quality pressures. q1 Postal banks continue to show a slight increase in poor and concern rates, and it is assumed that micro-credit and housing mortgage risks continue to rise, in line with the pressure on weak players to operate and on residents ' employment and income. Since the beginning of 2024, there has been a marked increase in credit risk for bankers.
The macro-level policy has been strong since “9.24” in 2024, and a loan risk is expected to be manageable. In the public sector, the rent and business services industry, real estate, etc., have seen a steady decline in bad rates, providing a sound asset quality base, and wholesale retailing and manufacturing have experienced an increase in negative rates due to the environmental impact of the market, without affecting the whole picture.
The effect of the savings agent deduction is reflected in the fact that the provision is maintained at a higher level. The new savings agent fee scheme landed at the end of September 2024. The adjusted combined rate was reduced to 1.08 per cent, compared to the previous (2021) rate, on the basis of the 2023 proxy savings deposit.
The Ministry of Finance’s strategic investment and postal group has increased its confidence. The company will raise an additional $13 billion to the Ministry of Finance, the China Mobile Group, and the China Shipping Group, all of which will be used to supplement core-level capital.
At the end of 2024, it was measured that the firm’s core-level capital would be fully replenished. In addition, the holding shareholders’ postal group held an additional 1991.02.0 million shares in the second-tier market on 8 April, accounting for a profit forecast and investment proposal.
Mother-to-child net profits are slightly lower than expected. In May, Ipr fell in step with the interest rate on deposit, and the pressure on interest differentials will equalize. Based on: 1; simultaneous interest-releases eased the pressure on interest differentials; 2) Treasury strategic investment in firm capital capacity, with postal values at historically low levels, maintaining the company’s “growth” rating.
Figure 1 Size of additional loans from the q1 Postal Bank for calendar year, in billions of yuan, size and speed of deposits from the 2nd Postal Bank, in millions of yuan on the left axis
Figure 3 Size of additional deposits at the q1 Postal Bank, in billions of yuan, 1-quarter interest differentials and changes in year-on-year ratios at the 4 Postal Bank, right axial units: bps 5 measured the repricing of deposits at the Postal Bank to a greater extent than the loan accumulatory impact units: bps (left anxieties), % (right axes)
Figure 6 Size of deposit bank charges and commission revenue in the second half of the calendar year, in billions of yuan, in figures 7 and 7 for bad bank rates, concern and overdue rate, in % and in % of 8 banks for bad loan rates, in %
Figure 9 Portal Bank ' s poor rate for major sectors of public loans, in: %, as a result of the implementation of the new scheme in figure 10, the combined deposit agent rate of the Provident Bank fell to 1.08%. Appendix: projected values in three major statements
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.