Utunbus (600066) with expected performance, business plans to boost confidence, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company achieved business income of $35.85 billion (+14.9 per cent) in 2016, attributed to the listed public (+16.3 per cent). Of this amount, business income of $14.2 billion (+15.6 per cent) was achieved in the fourth quarter of the quarter, with the top five clients dispersed and negative growth in overseas sales, confirming strong market competition.
The share of household income is only 6.2%, and the market for new energy buses tends to be more intense due to local protectionism, client concentration and associated transactions, while Woo-Tung’s top five clients’ share of income is a good indicator of their combined ability to sell their products. Foreign sales have been rising backwards, and China’s exports of large and medium passenger vehicles have declined in 2016.
9.6 per cent, but the company ' s overseas sales grew by 1.5 per cent, revenue by 13.1 per cent, the Maori rate by 2.3 percentage points, and high-end products speeded up overseas recognition.
To reduce total profits by $6.183 million; to increase the cost of new energy bus services by 1 percentage point and to reduce the total profit by $100 million: 100 per cent costing of R & D inputs, 1.46 billion R & D investment by companies over 16 years, accounting for revenue efficiency smartness, fuel cell technology leading the way in building industry barriers and improving valuation levels.
In 15 years, the company completed the world’s first autopilot of an electric passenger vehicle open road test, 16 years of autopilot, 16 years of an electric passenger bus model, and in Beijing it completed its own traffic simulations, such as a cruise, a trans-route, and a spot stop. In the case of fuel cells, the company signed 100 hydrogen units in 16 years with the billion watts (834613.oc)
Fuel cell passenger vehicle cooperation letter of intent and ownership of 100 million watts at 9 per cent, business cooperation and equity investment to company lead 1.woo bus (600066): the vehicle type continues to enter the roll-out catalogue and leads continue to be good (2017-03-06)
In the fourth quarter, 14.2 billion yuan (+15.6 per cent) in operating income was realized, resulting in net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies (+31.4 per cent), of which 21669 (+56 per cent) were pure electric power and 5187 (-21 per cent) plugged in. Subsidies stimulated a slight decline in industrial concentration in the next 16 years, and the 17-year threshold was higher than the industry’s leader.
The market share of the top five sectors in 2016 was 70.7 per cent, a decrease of 2.1 percentage points from 2015. In 2016, the total market for large and medium passenger vehicles in the country was 195,000, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period, and the overall rate of growth in Utun and medium passenger vehicles was 15.7 per cent, slightly lower than the rate of growth in the industry.
Over 50 per cent, while Yutong ' s new energy passenger vehicles account for only 37.8 per cent of the company ' s sales, with a larger base of traditional passenger vehicles; in the context of large subsidies, local protection, particularly overdrafting in the context of the downside of subsidies, has been highlighted, leading to a slight drop in industry concentration. The 17-year increase in the list of subsidies for new energy vehicles, the reduction of subsidies and the increase in penalties for non-compliant enterprises have been beneficial.
The top five clients are spread out and overseas sales are growing in reverse, with strong market competition. The top five clients account for only 6.2% of their income, and the company’s annual report reveals sales of the top five clients at $2.46 billion (unconnected sales), representing total annual sales.
6.2% of the new energy bus market is more client concentration and associated transactions due to local protectionism, while U-China product sales are based on a combination of hard product quality, distribution channels, after-sales services, etc. In a positive trend in the new energy bus industry, the share of new energy vehicles in companies is expected to converge towards the share of traditional buses.
The macroeconomic situation was poor, with declining demand for buses in some of the more resource-dependent markets, such as oil and minerals, affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations, with China ' s exports of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles falling by 9.6 per cent in 2016 compared to the previous year, but corporate overseas sales grew by 1.5 per cent compared to 13.1 per cent, the Māori rate increased by 2.3 percentage points, and high-end products accelerated their recognition abroad.
The company’s accounting is prudent and sound. The overseas service bill increases by 1.5 percentage points, and the company’s rate of after-sale service charges for overseas operations changes from 2 per cent to 3.5 per cent since January 16, reducing total profits by $6.183 million in 2016; the new energy bus bill increases by 1 percentage point, and the new talent bill increases by 1 percentage point.
Source bus companies increased the quality assurance period for some of the key components from three to five years, and companies increased the rate of post-sale service charges for new energy buses from 1 to 2 per cent as of October 16 years, reducing total profits by 100 million yuan in 2016; and 100 per cent costing of R & D inputs, with companies investing 1.46 billion yuan in R & D over 16 years, representing 4.1 per cent of operating income (3.9 per cent in 15 years).
Real production of 70,987 vehicles per year, with capacity utilization rates of 120% (30,000 capacity), 109.6% (30 million capacity) and 42.3% (5 thousand capacity), respectively, refers to production on the scale of normal working hours, taking into account the cost economy. We believe that there is still sufficient capacity in the next two years, with the passenger-car industry customizing properties, with greater elasticity than the use of vehicles, in this case.
In terms of smartness, fuel cell technology leads the way in setting up industry barriers and raising valuation levels. In terms of intelligence, the company completed the world’s first autopilot of an electric bus open road test in 2015, successfully driving cars, switching routes, roads.
Pilot subjects such as free-of-mouth access, station stopovers, etc., are the first successful operation of a global auto-drive bus without manual intervention throughout open roads. In driving assistive technology, the challenge of red-green light recognition based on v2i communications was broken, and the development of advanced driving aids (adas) that deviate from warning, collision alerts, and rear-movement object identification in integrated lanes was completed.
In 2016, auto-piloted passenger buses were able to complete their own traffic simulations in Beijing, leading to major technological breakthroughs in environmental awareness, multi-sensor information integration and smart decision-making techniques.
In the case of fuel cells, the company signed a letter of intent in 16 years for 100 hydrogen-fueled passenger cars, which provide hydrogen-fuel-cell systems and helium-car-loaded systems, a bus-in-car-car operation, and 100 hydrogen-fuel-cell buses, which will be used mainly for inter-city passenger transport, tourism, group shuttles, etc.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.