Woo-tung bus (600066): A strong leader, a steady growth in the number of new energy buses, a steady increase in the sale of new energy buses, and a sharp increase in the speed of new energy buses. The company is a large manufacturing enterprise that combines the development, manufacture and marketing of passenger vehicles, with the main product being medium-sized.
Large passenger vehicles dominated by leading domestic passenger industry firms. During the reporting period, the company achieved 70988 passenger vehicles, an increase of 5.92 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase in the number of medium-sized buses, which reached 37990, an increase of 36.87 per cent over the same period; and the company ' s performance in the fourth quarter.
Growth, resulting in a net profit of 1.765 billion yuan, or 43.03 per cent of total annual profits; and the value of the concern that the company has been able to sell 26856 new energy buses throughout the year, representing a 31.36 per cent increase in sales volume compared to 31.36 per cent, reflecting the strong product quality and marketing power of the company.
• The increase in the Māori rate for products and the increase in the cost rate over the period. The Māori rate for companies increased by 1.49 percentage points over the reporting period by 27.82 per cent, with the Māori ratio for bus sales increasing by more than 8 m of the average per vehicle price for products sold by companies each year
The introduction of subsidies to the New Deal is conducive to the continued growth of leading firms. Companies are now home-grown.
The new energy bus front-runners, with the new version of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2017 on the ground, raised the vehicle subsidy catalogue threshold, reduced the subsidy amount, will affect users’ willingness to buy in the short term, and new energy vehicle producers will face profitable pressures.
In the long run, higher subsidy thresholds, lower subsidies and higher penalties for non-compliant businesses will increase industry concentration, and leading firms are expected to benefit first. The Woo-tung bus now has the technological power to lead the industry, and its product lines are rich and well developed.
Autonomous R & D capabilities for key components such as car control systems. At the same time, companies, as product chains, have a strong bargaining power to absorb the pressures of declining subsidies to the upstream and downstream chains, so that companies will benefit from the new editions in the medium to long term.
Not 11, 10, and 9 times as much future profitability as the impact of the policy, given the firm’s high technical and cost-control capacity as a leading passenger-car business, the steady growth in production and sales, and the strong bargaining power of the industrial chain, which is the result of the fact that the company is a leading company in the area of passenger vehicles.
For the first time, we gave companies a “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating. Joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.