The new energy, the business of cars, and the firm status of passenger cars, the event: the annual report for 2016 was published.
At the same time, the company intends to allocate $10 (including taxes) per 10 shares to all shareholders.
The company sold 70,988 buses in 2016, an increase of 5.01 per cent in the same year, operating income and net return on the same basis, higher than the rate of sales, and a significant increase in the combined Māori rate, which largely benefited from the company ' s excellent bus-type structure.
Eighty-nine% (82% in 2015) ranked first in the industry. The total number of new energy buses sold was 26856, with the share being first in terms of market performance (nearly 12 months).
52.29 per cent. The expansion of the foreign market and its share in the global passenger-car market has become the direction of the company’s development. In 2016, the company continued to expand the overseas market, selling its products to countries such as the United Kingdom, France, Russia, etc.
In the face of a decline in exports from the industry ' s overseas markets (down 9.6%), the company achieved 7121 overseas bus sales, an increase of 1.47% over the same period, representing a huge increase in our passenger cars.
The Division is expected to further enhance corporate profitability through overseas markets, with R & D leading, and an increase in the cost of after-sales services billing.
In the same industry, the company continues to take the lead in new energy, energy efficiency, safety, and other technological research and applications. In the area of intelligence, the company automatically drives an electric bus model in Beijing and becomes a cruiser, a transvestite, a spot stop, and a bus simulation operation.
Reflecting the company's financial position and operating results, the company increased the cost of after-sale services from 2 per cent to 3.5 per cent for overseas operations, increased the rate of after-sale service charges for domestic new energy passenger vehicles from 1 per cent to 2 per cent, and slowed policy adjustments in the new energy automobile industry to benefit leading firms.
In 2017, the new energy car industry policy was adjusted to a much higher level of subsidies for buses. The new subsidy policy introduced stricter technical requirements for bus subsidies, requiring that unit-load energy consumption e not be higher than 0.24wh/km.kg: the total mass of battery systems should not be greater than the total quality of the complete vehicle preparation.
In addition, bus subsidies have been significantly reduced, placing greater demands on the ability of firms to move capital. While policy adjustments have had an impact on the volume of corporate sales in the short term, they have in the long run contributed to phasing out low-end competitors in the industry and raising industry concentration.
In February, the market share is expected to continue to rise, with leading firms, leading by technology and financial power, and promising to benefit from a competitive pattern. In 2017, the Quantified Cars entered the list of subsidies, and in February, the market share was expected to rise continuously.
The company ' s 58 vehicle entry catalogues, which together account for 28.5% of the total bus catalogues, are 30, 28, or 33.7%, respectively, of the plugged-in passenger cars and the pure electric passenger vehicle catalogues, with an increase of 2.72% in the same year, and the market share is expected to increase continuously.
With greater cost-control capabilities, significant scale effects, more bargaining power, lower subsidies to be shared by the entire industry chain, profitability is expected to remain stable, and nine times more. Considering the company’s overseas operations is expected to open up greater market space, while at the same time opening up new domestic energy sources.
The bus business has benefited from policy adjustments, with a more prominent leader, and the bargaining power will be further enhanced, with new energy buses selling less than expected, and traditional buses selling less than expected. Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.