Year-round sales are higher than expected, leading position secures profitability Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
Of these, 3641 (year-on-year: 23%, ring + 11.9%), and 6717 (year-on-year growth is expected. With the arrival of traditional bus sales and the end of the year, the company sold 10859 (year-on-year + 5.2%) in December, compared to last year.
There is still an increase in the high-end base. In January-December, the company accumulated 71,000 passenger vehicles, slightly out of reach of 70,000; of these, nearly 27,000 were sold, representing about 38 per cent of the total, and the policy of super-subsidized subsidies was set to guarantee a rapid growth in the industry in favour of the advantaged firms.
On 30 December 2016, the four ministries jointly issued a circular on the adjustment of the fiscal subsidy policy for the promotion of new energy vehicles, the main lines of which include: 1) raising the entry threshold and dynamic adjustment of recommended models, including full vehicle energy consumption, mileage renewal, battery performance, safety imperatives
In our view, the new subsidy policy has had a certain negative impact on the total number of new energy buses, with the ratio of medium-sized buses to medium-sized buses.
A company, as a leader in the industry, increases its market share to guarantee profitability. Companies compete for superior products in combination; and 2) companies have a clear technological advantage in mastering core technologies such as electric power, electrical control, and light quantification;
3) The company’s accompaniment services, including charge-station design, financial support programs, etc. The new power bus industry is entering the integration phase, and the company’s share of the market as the industry’s leader is expected to increase continuously.
The pressure to share subsidies among clients is still expected to maintain a high level of profitability. The Woo-toon bus (600066.sh) has entered a steady period of three quarters of 2016, with sound company operations and strong cash flows, and is expected to maintain a high score in the future.
Q: Keeping the profits high and the share high, considering the company’s low-valued high score, its high security margin, and its share price with room for upscaling.
The company, as a global bus leader, has a strong market position, and the proportion of new energy buses continues to improve the company ' s profitability. We believe that the company ' s reasonable valuation is 2016.
Car subsidy standards have declined significantly; local policy implementation has fallen short of expectations; and East Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities