c0067@capital.com.tw Total sales of new energy buses in 2016 amounted to 26.8 million, yoy+31%, total annual sales of 71,000, yoy+5.9%. New energy bus subsidies are available.
The new energy bus industry as a whole may decline in 2017, but companies can get a 1.2-fold subsidy, market shares are expected to rise, and product structures will change so that the average price and profits of the vehicle will be even or slightly higher. Moreover, costs such as power batteries will continue to decline, and companies, as industry leaders, will have a stronger bargaining power.
Annual profits are expected to grow. The company has a strong leader, with a dividends rate of over 6 per cent, and we think it is now down 61 per cent. New energy buses are selling about 7,900, a 65 per cent increase compared to 4,800 in the same period last year, and rings 114 per cent more than in the previous month. New energy buses are selling 26.8 million during the year.
The product mix, yoy+31%, completes the target of 25,000 vehicles at the beginning of the year, of which the share of pure electricity is over 80%. The total volume of buses sold throughout the year is 71,000, yoy+5.9%.
The new energy bus industry declined in 2017, but corporate profits are expected to grow: the new supplement in 2017, the discount policy has been significantly adjusted, and we expect the new energy bus industry as a whole or as a share of the flowa by institutional investors in 2017.
The price of the same car will also fall. But the company’s profits are expected to increase slightly. For example, the concentration of the new energy bus industry will increase, many companies will be penalized and subsidies suspended, the ekg target will be increased to 0.24, the battery density subsidy threshold will be raised to 85wh/kg, and the company will be suspended.
Ekg meets the target of 150-170wh/kg single battery density, system energy density of 125 kg, subsidized by 1.2 times. The strong and unsuppled Eastern tri-provincial sales are also higher. We expect a gradual increase in the company’s share of new energy buses; the product structure will be rooted.
According to changes in subsidy policy, the largest class of goods sold in 2015 was a 6-8-metre bus; in 2016, the price and profit of a bicycle would be guaranteed by an upgrade.3 The entire industrial chain, such as power batteries, would be declining, while battery costs would be 30-50%.
A strong bargaining power, and the share of the fall in subsidies, will be borne by the entire industrial chain, with high-value passenger cars at the forefront, and it should not be too pessimistic at this point: the core competitiveness of bus companies lies in cost control, rapid response and channel control, and the core competitiveness of firms remains prominent.
The former traditional bus market accounts for nearly 30%, the new energy bus market for 21%, and there is much room for improvement. And the company’s cost-control capacity is high, technology is strong, it can be self-produced in electricity control, hang-off, etc., and hydrogen-energy passenger cars have a technological reserve.
More than 6%, we don't think this is the time to be overly pessimistic.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.