Express operations are resilient, second-quarter profit rings are growing, and transport and logistics are showing good performance in the second quarter of 2022.
In the second quarter, about $13.31 billion (an increase of about 26 per cent in the same year), about $90.0 billion (an increase of about 228 per cent in the same year) and about 880 million (an increase of about 244 per cent in the same year) were realized in net profit margins.
The impact of the outbreak is manageable in the second quarter, and the company's business is growing at the same rate and the price is stable. Although the impact of the outbreak is in the second quarter, thanks to the firm's sound operations, we estimate that the company's delivery operations in the second quarter will be good.
The impact of the epidemic as a whole is manageable. As a result of the easing of prices and the spread of the epidemic, the cost of delivering couriers went up, the price of the company's second-quarter single ticket rose significantly, cutting off the 52-week maximum/minimum price.
Thanks to business optimization and robust prices, the company’s second-quarter Express single-roll profitability remained high. The company’s single-way net gains in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year were about 0.15 and 0.2, respectively, estimated to be a slight decline in the two-quarter express-loan ratio, which remained high.
So, three consecutive seasons of single-way profit performance were very bright, mainly as a result of: 1) 2nd quarter of 2021, regulators have regulated irrational competition in the express delivery sector, and price wars have continued to subside, especially after the four quarter seasons, when the leading Express company formed a price union, synchronized upwards.
Express unit prices, which have remained high since this year, and 2) the company has improved the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms over the last two years, and since the second half of last year, the company has been phasing out low-quality customers and optimizing its client structure.
Competition continues to rise, and companies have a strong long-term value. For almost two years, the round is continuously optimizing their own business model, thus seeing continuous improvement in the control of the costs of the round, with the cost of a single express to their counterparts.
In addition, the company is continuing its full digital transformation, with the company strengthening its precision control over the indicators of speed, length of time, rate of complaints, loss, etc., through digital management tools.
Time limits, quality of service, customer experience, etc. We believe that the industry price wars will continue to be subdued for some time to come, but prices will become seasonal due to the low season.
Volatile, with steady growth in the performance of the company's courier operations: “Royal Express - 600233 - August” — Performance Point Review of the Express Operations: Prices of Express Delivery on a Year-on-Year Investment Proposal: An Upward Profit Forecast, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Taking into account the higher expectations of improved profitability of companies, the expected net return profits for 2022-2024 are expected to be significant for the second quarter of 2022. The company released its semi-annual performance report for 2022, which generated about 13.31 billion yuan (an increase of about 26% over the same period) in the second quarter of the company, and about 90.0 billion yuan (an increase over the same period) in the net return of the mother.
In the second quarter, the net profit-ring ratio of companies continued to grow positively, with a sharp increase. Figure 2: one-season operating income and speed of growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
The impact of the second quarter of the epidemic is manageable, the company’s business is growing at the same time, and prices are stable. Despite the impact of the second quarter of the epidemic, but thanks to the firm’s sound operations, we estimate that the company’s delivery volume in the second quarter is still growing at the same rate, and the impact of the epidemic as a whole is manageable.
The price of single tickets increased markedly over the same period, with the statistical impact of cutting out rookies, and the prices of single tickets in April and May were +13.4 per cent and +19.6 per cent, respectively. Thanks to business optimization and robust prices, the company’s ability to deliver single tickets in the second quarter remained high last year.
In the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year, the single-way net profit was approximately 0.15 and 0.2, respectively, and it is estimated that the two-quarter-time-only net-loose ratio has fallen slightly and remained high. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, the company's performance on the single-way profit has been impressive for three consecutive quarters, mainly as a result of: 1) regulatory regulation since the second quarter of 2021
Irresistence of competition in the express delivery sector, continued easing of price wars, especially after the fourth quarter of the season, Tondary formed a price union between leading couriers and simultaneous upscaling of the express delivery unit price, which has remained high since this year; and 2) the company has improved the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms over the last two years, and the company has improved the quality of its services.
Since the second half of last year, low-quality clients have been phased out and client structures optimized. Authors have ensured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now, or in the future.