Round Express (600233.sh) Single ticket price up, q2 outperforms expectations Gradual recovery of business volume under the epidemic: affected by the epidemic, industry business volume increased by the same amount in January-May
3.3 per cent, but the volume of circulation outperformed the industry by about 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding the average growth in the industry
The rise in purchases, net red belts, etc., has led to an increase in demand for online consumption, a gradual recovery of demand in the express delivery sector, and a sustained recovery in the growth of corporate business. Companies’ single-ticket prices have remained high, with roundings, jingdas, offers, etc. from May data
The unit price growth of all the federated couriers is expected to remain strong in the second half of the year, owing to factors such as fresh seasons, booms in electricity and rising oil prices, at around 20 per cent in the same year.
Core resource inputs + digital transformation to enhance corporate competitiveness: companies have been improving their business model and infrastructure for the last two years. There are currently 75 self-owned hub trans-shipment centres: 154 sets of layout automated sorting equipment in transit centres, city distribution centres, etc.: trunking vehicles
5.370 vehicles, with an increase in the proportion of wrecked vehicles, large transport vehicles, and an improvement in the vehicle fleet structure, resulting in a 20 per cent increase in the number of vehicle loads per vehicle on the main line. At the same time, the number of air fleets owned was 10, representing 5.6 per cent of the national total, and is expected to increase to 13 in 2022.
Second, the company actively promotes the stratification of courier services, product stratification, significant improvements in the timeliness and quality of services, significant improvements in the pricing of products and continuous improvements in profitability, thanks to the continuous upgrading of digital transformation and cost control capabilities. In addition, the company continues to strengthen end-of-end matching.
(c) Profit predictions: companies, driven by a digital transition and international operations, will improve quality of service and operational effectiveness, competitiveness is expected to continue to improve, single-ticket costs remain within the scope for improvement and performance is expected.
This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the report was not independently verified.