One-way cash profits show a bright future, and competition continues to grow. Transport and logistics, billions of dollars (up 25.7 per cent in the same year), net return to the mother, $90 million (up 228 per cent in the same year), non-return.
The net profit of the company was 890 million yuan (an increase of 248% in the same year). In the context of the second quarter of the epidemic, the net profit lubricant ratio continued to grow positively and perform well.
The U-turn has since 21 August deactivated silent management throughout the world, electricity vendor logistics has accelerated to return to normal operations, oil prices have risen for 52 weeks at the highest/minimum price, and outbreak control has led to short-term upscaling of courier operations to the end of the express delivery.
In the context of the epidemic, costs are still relatively well controlled, with companies maintaining high levels of second-quarter single-way profitability. In public, q2 and q1 in 22 years are about 0.04 and 0.20, respectively. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, the company's three-quarter single-way profit performance has been remarkable, mainly as a result of: 1) 2nd quarter of 2021
Since then, regulators have regulated irrational competition in the express delivery sector and price wars have continued to subside; (b) over the past two years, the public administration has improved the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms, and since the second half of last year companies have begun to phase out low-quality customers and optimize their client structure; (c) against the backdrop of frequent outbreaks and high oil prices,
The operating costs of the company remain robust, with the cost of transport of single tickets and transit costs of 0.30 and 0.50 per cent for the second quarter, respectively. In addition, international air freight continues to be positive, with the company ' s aviation and freight forwarding operations contributing about 105 million yuan in net return in the second quarter.
Circular Express (60023.sh) - Fast Service operations are resilient, with a two-quarter profit ring ratio with a total capital expenditure of $1.16 billion, with a flat ring and a slight drop in the same ratio, and this year's company ' s Circular Express (600233.sh) - price robust + client structure optimized, with a quarterly surplus
Digital empowerment and competition continue to rise. Over the past two years, the advantages of digital transformation have been fully realized.
Through digital management tools enabling networking and optimizing network quality (to improve own fleets and transits), core indicators continue to be aligned with peer leaders.
Investment recommendations: maintain profit projections and maintain the “buy-in” rating. Maintain profit projections, with net return profits expected to be high in the second quarter of 2022-2024.
Billion dollars (a 248 per cent increase over the same period). In the context of the second quarter of the epidemic, the net profit ring ratio of companies has continued to grow in a positive way, with a bright performance. Figure 2: Quick transit single-season operating income and growth (in billions, per cent)
The company ' s business grew in the second quarter on a positive basis, the city ' s share rose in the same year, and prices performed well. Although the second quarter had the impact of outbreak control, it had benefited from sound company operations, completed 4.37 billion courier operations in the second quarter, de-escalated the entire world from 21st of the same month, accelerated the resumption of power vendor logistics operations in the third quarter, and was expected to resume operations in the next three quarters.
The growth rate will be significantly improved. The company’s second-quarter stopover price is $2.55, an increase of 21.6 per cent over the same period. First, competition in the industry has remained subdued in the second-quarter, and second, because the price of oil has risen and the costs of operating it have been brought up to the end of the Express as a result of outbreak control.
In the context of the epidemic, costs are still relatively well controlled, with companies maintaining a high level of profit on second-quarter singles. The company now has a single-way net profit of around 0.18 dollars in the second quarter of the year, with a significant increase in the same year, and a slight decline in the ring margin (21 years q2 and single-ticket fasts profit performance, mainly as a result of: 1) since the second quarter of 2021, the regulatory agency has been able to make a significant difference.
Regulating irrational competition in the express delivery sector and the continued easing of price wars; 2) Corporate improvements in the quality of the entire network over the last two years, with companies starting to phase out low-quality customers and optimize household structures since the second half of last year; 3) Corporate operations remain robust in the context of recurrent epidemics and the surge in oil prices, with second-quarter single-roll shipments
In addition, international air freight continues to be positive, with the company ' s aviation and freight forwarding operations contributing $105 million during the second quarter of the year. The company ' s total capital expenditure in the second quarter was $1.16 billion, with a flat and lower year-on-year ratio.
Figure 6: Changes in the ratio of round-speed transmission of Māori and net interest rates for parentage The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author