Quarterway (600233.sh) Single ticket price up, 22h1 profit up significantly, 2q yielding $13.24 billion, an increase of 25.7 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother 900 million, an increase in the same year
228.4 per cent net profit of $888 million after deduction, or 248 per cent higher than in the previous year. The Māori rate increased significantly by 5.21 pct 22h1 courier operations: $21.43 billion in the first half of 2022, q2 of which was affected by epidemics, including in Shanghai, and 1.75 per cent of the total industry, compared with 1.75 per cent in the corporate sector.
The performance was better than that of the industry, with 4,372 million items completed, an increase of 2.5% over the same period, an increase in the city’s capacity to make up the price, and an adjustment in the client structure. The company’s single ticket prices are expected to remain strong and profitable as a result of factors such as a fresh season, a boom in electricity prices and rising costs associated with rising oil prices.
International lending and air operations continue to contribute to performance: in the first half of 2022, corporate freight forwarder operations were achieved by hundreds of millions of dollars, q1 and q2 of 80 million and 110 million, respectively. The company now owns 10 air fleets, opening several international routes, including Tokyo, Osaka, Niagabo and India, and accomplishing 35 weights.
Capacity-building at points, customs clearance network has largely covered the country ' s main ports. Māori rate has increased by 4.85 per cent and cost controls have been good: 22h1 Māori rate has increased by 4.85 pct on a year-on-year basis.
The Department’s increased expenditure on end-of-service fees ($1.3 for single ticket delivery services, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period), is still below the rate of increase in single-ticket income (19.3 per cent). Companies continue to refine cost management, with major costs not changing as a result of the epidemic last year, with single-ticket transport costs of $0.52, a rise of 2 per cent over the same period.
The operating cost of the single-ticket centre is 0.32, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period, with a smaller increase. On the cost side, the combined cost rate for companies has fallen by 0.1 per cent over the same year, the sales, management, R & D rates have changed respectively +0.16 pct, the core resource input + the digital transformation, and the overall competitiveness of companies has been enhanced: the company has been improving over the last two years.
Operating model, improved infrastructure, currently with 74 self-owned hub transit centres, 160 sets of layout automation sorting equipment, such as transit centres, urban distribution centres, resulting in a 5 per cent increase in the average per capita performance of company 22h1 trans-shipment centres; and 5332 main-line transport vehicles and upgrades
The proportion of mounted vehicles, large transport vehicles, and the improvement of the vehicle fleet structure resulted in 22h1 main line transport, accounting for 5.6 per cent of the country ' s total, which is expected to increase to 13 in 2022, with a significant increase in load and capacity. Second, the company actively promoted the fast delivery service stratification, product stratification, with the help of a number of sources.
In addition, companies continue to strengthen end-of-pipe distribution, network building, diversify distribution systems, and promote “last-km” service upgrades.
Profit forecasts: companies are moving towards a digital transformation, with a combination of improved quality of service and operational efficiency, a steady increase in air freight and international operational layouts, higher air capacity, and still room for improvement in the cost of single tickets. As stringent regulatory policies are put in place, price competition is expected to slow, and performance is expected to continue.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.