Māori performance improvement has reached the golden age of Kyodonga (000725.sz)
The third quarter of 2020 was published by Fu Chu-Yung, and the first three quarters saw the company earn 101,688 million yuan, an increase of 18.63 per cent over the previous quarter; the net return to the mother was 2,476 million yuan, an increase of 33.67 per cent over the previous three quarters;
Thank you very much: Chang Siu (i) has achieved high performance in the third quarter, which is in line with the expected significant improvement in the performance of the company in the third quarter, which is in line with our expectations.
At present, 40,821 million yuan, an increase of 33.04% over the same period, and 1.340 billion yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 629.30% over the same period. The significant growth in corporate performance is mainly due to the increase in the market share of the lcd panel and the improvement in the Maori rate.
Don't invest $4.8 billion in the project to build the Chongqing Chengdu Smart Systems Innovation Centre in the East of Kyoto, which is expected to create a new performance growth point in the future. (ii) The Māori rate has improved significantly, and the company is happy with the golden season.
6.8 pct, ring increase of 1.77 pct, mainly affected by panel price increases: According to the group wisdom consultation data, the price of 2020q332 inch.50 inch/55 infff65 inffgs increased by 63 per cent and 51 per cent and 39 per cent.20 per cent, respectively.
However, based mainly on downstream tv supply chain security considerations, and existing production capacity cannot be filled, the company ' s market share is expected to continue to rise in the larger context of overseas output exits, with 18.8 per cent of the company ' s LCD manifest exit market projected for 2019, according to congenial consulting statistics.
Given the depreciation of fixed assets, we temporarily maintain a profit forecast for 2020-2022.
"Kyotoa: the panel leader, which will continue to expand in the future " , the pattern improves the price of the panel, and the acquisition of production lines is expected to accelerate the increase in the market share of the company.
The company's performance is expected to continue to grow at a high level, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.