The profitability of Kyoto Easta q3 continues to increase, actively participating in industrial integration.
The net return to the mother is 1.340 billion yuan, an increase of 629.30 per cent over the same period. q3 returns are higher, net profits are higher, and profitability is improving significantly. 20q3 yields 40.821 billion yuan, while the high growth in revenue and net profits is largely due to three quarters of high demand and firm growth.
Lean management, improved production line performance, and three quarters of industry supply was tight, and panel prices rose across the board, driving companies to become more profitable. q3 Māori was 18.61% higher than the corresponding 6.79 pct, which was intended to buy a medium-sized panda to supplement production capacity and product mix. Companies are actively involved in industry integration, announcements.
At the same time, the acquisition of production lines can complement the company’s technology plans, expand the company’s capacity in oxide technology, vat technology. Beyond this, the whole 8.6 generation line can correspond to the different product sizes of 50 inches, 58 inches, 70 inches, etc.
Rich product combinations better respond to customer demand. It is argued that, despite the current low profitability of the two production lines of the medium-sized panda, once the acquisition is completed, companies are expected to continue to raise overall profitability through a combination of market and customer-driven restructuring of the product lines.
At the same time, the company's projects are progressing, with the 6th generation flexible auled line and the 6th generation flexible aoled line of the Sun in Chengqing, where the 6th generation flexible amoled line is on a mass climbing slope; and the completion of the 6th generation flexible amoled line of production in Chongqing.
Ki, expected to start production in 2021; the Fortune project is planned. In the first half of 2020, the company produced about 16 million flexible aoled products. With the release of the company’s productive capacity, the company’s clientele and product structure will be enriched, and the company’s competitiveness in the soft amoled field will continue to improve.
The panel needs are not as high as expected; the lead line is not as advanced as expected; and business integration is not as high as expected.
Electronics: optical optical electrons