q3 Company growth, positive growth, sustained profit-making cycle — three-quarterly Kyotoa report rating, firm q3 growth, recovery and recovery.
In the company ' s 3rd quarter, a high growth cycle was followed, with significant improvements in profitability: 101,688 million yuan was earned in the company ' s first three quarters, an increase of 18.63 per cent over the previous year; 888 million yuan was deducted from the parent ' s net profit, an increase of 569.73 per cent over the previous year. q3 revenues were measured at 40,821 million yuan per quarter, an increase of 33.04 per cent over the previous year.
The net return to the mother is $1,064 million, a significant increase of 226.61% over the same period – a reversal of h1. The first three major sectors have accelerated the restructuring of the industry, and the vanguard companies have benefited from this, leading to a significant increase in corporate sales performance as the industry returns to full-scale price recovery in the third quarter of the season.
Long. Over the medium to long term, the overall supply and demand pattern of the panel industry is in a state of balance: _ on the one hand, consumption, large sized end-equipment and sports stimulus will continue to pull demand from the panel; on the other hand, the continued exit of Korea’s plant capacity has led to a contraction of production capacity and a relatively weak market supply.
In the first half of the 2000s, the market for the five main products of the public display was the highest in the world, the export of high-value-added products increased, and innovation applications kept growing at a high rate. As a leading firm, Kyoto East will continue to benefit from the industry.
• The panel tap accelerated layout and the production line continued to be optimized 1) The company intends to acquire 80,831 per cent of Nanjing Electric Panda Flats, and 51 per cent of Chengdu Electric Pandas and Technology, if the acquisition is completed: the company will own 5 8.5 generations
Lines, 1 8.6 generational lines, 2 10.5 generational lines, which continue to expand in terms of capacity; simultaneously, the acquisition lines will upgrade the company's technology layouts and upgrade the company's strengths in oxidation technology, va technology; and the modulus 8.6 can match 50, 58 and 70 inches of products to enrich the product mix and combine the response to the customer's needs
) Line operations: Beijing 8.5 generation has a high rate of innovation; Wuhan 10.5 generation is expected to be fully productive by the first quarter of 2021; 6 generation flexible amoled is currently on a mass climb and future competition is expected to increase. 3) New applications for extension: companies are now matured with glass-based miniled
Backlight production techniques, downstream applications that not only cover traditional markets such as mobile phones and television, but should also be used in emerging markets such as wear, vehicle and electronic signboards.
Long-term turning point 2020-09-03 "O3 performance is under a lot of pressure, waiting for the turning point of the industrial cycle."
Global First 2019-05-27