Improved supply and demand patterns, successful mergers and acquisitions, and strong leadership in Kyoto - Quarterly Report Review of Kyoto Easterna (000725) Date: 30 October 2020
In the third quarter of 2020, companies achieved operating income of $40,821 million, an increase of 33.04 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $1,340 million, up from the same period in the previous year
In Beijing, 629.30% of state-owned capital management; in the third quarter, the double advantage of the rise in panel prices and the gradual withdrawal of Korean factories changed the pattern of supply and demand in the panel market and the company’s performance grew rapidly. At the same time, companies continued to insist on the reconnection of goods.
Capacity-building for transformational development, the need for an excavator network application, and the creation of a professional firm
Disaggregate market competitive advantages, continuously enhance marketing, technological and systemic capabilities, and actively expand the new business areas of Wirtschaftsprüfer and Wirtschaftsprüfer, in addition to deep-farming portware operations. In addition, companies intend to acquire medium-sized pandas, enrich the layout of their operations, and consolidate their competitive advantages.
The global display of panel taps, the world's number one delivery of lcd: in 2019, Tokyo East was already in a smart hand with 300 indexes of relative depth performance in five traditional product areas: machine, tablet, laptop, monitor, LCD, etc.
The company's production capacity provides assurance that, as of December 2019, the company had nine production lines, three production lines, one production line, and one production line, 14 of them.
The post-partum production line effectively fills the gap in the capacity market of 65 and 75 inches; Chengdu, Mingyang, Chongqing 6 generation amoled production lines are mainly positioned on the growing intelligent vehicle load, tablet, etc., medium and small-sized high-end display product markets.
Acquisition of electric panda and consolidation of competitive advantage: On October 20, 2020, the company issued an announcement to buy 80.831% of the stock of the teddy panda, G8.5 Nanjing, not less than the registered price, and the assets were handed over no later than December 31, 2020.
In the int market, based on the medium panda ips+0xide game's own product line, Kyoto East will increase its differentiated competitiveness in that segment of the market. In the tv market, the east is now the world's largest supplier of tv, with its size and competitive advantage.
_aa_Kyotoa (000725.sz) is the first report to be covered. In addition, the tv production capacity of the medium-sized panda is va, while the company has few layouts on va technology.
Xia Qingqing, He Xiang Sung-woo, shows improved supply and demand patterns in the industry, and company performance can be released for release: 2017 to date, the lcd industry gradually developed
The shift to mainland China took place in April 2020, with the accelerated exit of Korea’s factory Samsung and lgdisplay in the lcd market, showing a significant improvement in the supply and demand patterns of the industry. In addition, the impact of the new crown epidemic early in 2020, the supply side of the lcd industry was hit by a huge shock, adding home-based economy-led television, laptops, etc.
Product sales exceeded expectations, and downstream retailers showed a clear demand for back-up stocks, resulting in a cost of $51/93/117/145/95 for 32/43/50/55/65 inches of lcdtv panels, i.e., risk factors: M&As are not progressing as expected and Korean production exits are further slower than expected
Risks, the risk of price fluctuations on the panel.