Three-quarter camp has reached an all-time high, and the panel is ready for release. October 30, 2020, Kyoto Easta (000725.sz)
One billion yuan, or 33.67 per cent more than in the same year; 888 million yuan net profit from withholding and later return to the mother, which is a loss in the same year; 40,821 million yuan in the q3 quarter, an increase of 33.04 per cent in the same quarter and 16.67 per cent in the ring, which is a record increase; 1.340 billion yuan net return to the mother, an increase of 629.3 per cent compared to 629.3 per cent; 135,66 per cent ring increase, which is a new increase in the history of the single quarter since 18q2; and 1,064 million yuan net profit from withholding and non-retroactivity to the mother, which is a significant increase of 226.4 per cent ring.
\triangleright’s accompanying panel price hikes have increased a single season and significantly improved profitability. In 2020, q3 registered a single season high, with a record level of net profit, mainly because panel prices entered a fast-growing path since July, while the company’s new capacity was released.
18,61%, year-on-year +6.79pt, ring-over + 1.77pc; NCL 3.28%, year-on-year +2.68pc, ring-by-year +1.66pc, profit-making improvements are evident. Operating net cash flows have improved significantly to record best levels. Corporate net cash flows in the first three quarters of 2020 amounted to $13,752 million, an increase of 179%, and s15052003001.
The ring grew by 206 per cent, the best level ever, mainly as a result of the expansion of the company’s operations, the continued improvement in operating profits and the increase in tax returns received by the company q3. In addition, the fixed assets of q3 companies increased by $38,137 million, mainly due to the re-establishment of new production lines such as b17 and b11; the company’s q3 inventory and response \triangleright
The proposed acquisition of the cec Nanjing, Chengdu line to further consolidate the position of industrial dragons 20200924 Using oxidizer backboard technology, the models include ips and va, the main products being mobile phones, laptop computers, monitors, tv, etc.
q2 Non-net profit counterwind growth, equity incentives to meet new times 120 k/month design output, May 2018, application of oxidizer backboard technology, showing pattern va with main product 23.8-70 inches tv screen.
With this acquisition, the company will further expand the size of its production capacity and further consolidate its dominance in semiconductor displays. The company now has four g8.5 generation production lines, with a combined monthly capacity of about 540 k. If it succeeds in acquiring the Nanking g8.5 production line, it will have five 8.5 generation lines, with a combined capacity of close to 600k, and will account for the entire Sinda Stock Company.
At the end of the area, the original 10 lcd production lines in the eastern part of the country had a combined capacity of about 69,854.2 million m2 in 2021, and this is cindasecuritiesco. ltd House No. 1 of 9 Town Street, Beijing.
The sub-acquisition of the 8.5-generation line in Nanjing and the Chengdu 8.6-generation line will result in a total additional area of approximately 1.274 million square metres, thus the acquisition is expected to result in an increase in the size of the company by about 17.86 per cent, further entrenching the corporate leader position.q4 panel price increases continue to exceed expectations and company performance is released. (1) panel price increases continue to exceed expectations. tv panel prices have continued to increase significantly since the end of May.
On the supply side, despite the delay in the exit of 100k of the lgdp7 line to next year, it accounts for only 1.5% of global panel production, with less impact on the overall supply side of the panel, and the rest of the plant’s output still phased out as planned. At the same time, there have been delays in the expansion of other panels;
On the demand side, the United States and Europe’s tv sales rebound boosted global demand recovery: according to a recent report by Trendforce, 3q global television output in 2020 was record high: 620.5 million deliveries this quarter were 12.9% more than the previous quarter, 38.8% more than the previous year.
The supply-and-demand pattern shows a certain degree of oversupply, and prices are expected to remain strong. Thus, considering that the q3 panel price is still at a low-end upturn, and that the q4 panel price increase continues to be higher than expected, we believe that the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate levels are expected to continue to improve significantly in q4, with subsequent performance releasing time.
Risk factors: increased risk from market competition, less than expected risk from Korea’s exit, downside risk from industry. \triangleright Figure 1: Monthly sales of tv abroad by comparison
Figure 2: Monthly sales in China and global tv by comparison
Figure 5: Cost rates for the period of Kyoto Orientala Figure 6: Research and development costs in Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 7: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 8: Net profit and operating net cash flow from Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Inventory from Kyoto Orientala (billions) Figure 10: Accounts receivable from Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, with overseas work experience in Texas instruments, etc., and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19; 2/3 in the crystal ball electronics industry in 18/19; and 3/2 in the electronics sector of the Golden Cow Award in 18/19. Li Xiaoqing, Master of Arts at Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018 and Sinda Securities in 2020.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector. Kyoto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities Corporation in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.