High inventory and contractual liabilities, medium-air photovoltaic (002179.sz) energy release to support the company ' s long-term development
Incident: Corporate annual report for 2021, operating income of $12,867 million, an increase of 24.86 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $1.991 billion, an increase of 38.35 per cent in the same year; performance growth is in line with expectations, with q4 performance falling as a result of the delivery rhythm ring. Company battalion 2021
Income from the industry was 12,867 million yuan (yoy+24.9%) and net profit from maternity decreased by 1,991 million yuan.
1) On a quarterly basis, the company o4 achieved income of 2.990 billion yuan (yoy+13.3 per cent), which is not the case with centralized delivery in the last four quarters, and at the present time with a greater emphasis on balance in the aviation sector Production, the product plans and production organizations of the host unit and key clients will be adjusted accordingly, because
This q4 is subject to a slight fluctuations in income as a result of the client ' s delivery schedule; in terms of profits, the company ' s 2021q4 lubricant rate is approximately the same as in the same period in 2020, and the ring ' s 2021q3 decline is mainly due to the q4 annual payroll, which is the highest in the entire year.
2) By sub-products, electrical connectors and integrated components grow steadily throughout the year (oy+23.8%) and contribute the most to the collection (74.3%). Products such as fluids, teeth, etc. due to a lower base, the penetration rate in the area of new energy vehicles is increasing, and orders are doubling; in the area of communications, there is an increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles;
This period is a reasonable period of cost optimization, and STI leads companies to upgrade their industries. The rate is a period of cost for applications such as defence, communications, oceans, and new energy sources.
It is hoped that new products will be introduced to the market on a continuous basis, that market competitiveness will be enhanced and that science, technology and innovation will be enhanced by a relatively deep 300-percent performance chart that will lead to industrial upgrading.
With the gradual release of capacity, the expansion of downstream demand will be effectively supported. Companies now have more productive tasks in their operations, with capacity utilization at around 90%. As the PV industry base (phase 2) is re-established, production stress will be further reduced.
The South Industrial Base project phase is expected to be completed by the end of 2022; the Luoyang Basic Devices Industrial Park project is expected to be operational by 2024 and will be effectively supported by future downstream demand expansion. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
For eight years, Qinghua University's Master of Business Administration, who worked in China, joined Galaxy in 2015. He received four honours, including 2021 emis&ceic's excellent impact analysis.