1q22 performance exceeded expectations; the connector's lead towards “Global March 03, 2022: The company released its first quarterly report of 2022 on 29 April, generating $3.97 billion a quarter.
This represents an increase of 17.1 per cent and an increase of 126.3 per cent in the ring; a net return of 740 million yuan, an increase of 18.1 per cent and a growth of 100.3 per cent in the ring, and a better performance of the company than expected by the market, which we consider to be mainly due to the favourable state of the industry and its stronger management capacity.
Cost controls were good during the period; receivables management capacity was improved. 1q22, Company 1.) The advance payment was 79% higher than at the beginning of the year; the order was full of continuity. As at the end of 1q22, Company: 1)
Research assistant: Pulse, due to a reduction in restrictive stock buy-back obligations, increased investment in base building to promote a new pattern of industrial development. 1q22, Company: 1) net operating activity
2. China Air Photovoltaics (002179.sz) Annual Report 2021
On 13th, the company completed a $3.4 billion increase in the market to raise funds for South China ' s industrial base project, basic infrastructure, and continued research and development; and the construction of an instrument garden project with a large space for growth, which will enhance the company ' s productive capacity, improve the geographical layout of the company ' s industry, and continue to do so.
The company’s competitiveness in the field of special defense connectors has laid the foundation for future industrial layout. Investment advice: the company has been the leader of a special domestic connector for more than 50 years in the deep-farm connector industry.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.