The performance met expectations and continued to release the Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) incident assessment report, which issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn meets expectations and achieves risk-free target of $26.440 billion (20.5 per cent increase) in Camp 2022q1-q3 for non-mortality net profit
At 20.2%, performance is as expected, and companies meet their year-round targets.
The top five dots remain the same, and the share of the economy continues to rise. The next five dots of the company are: first, m6+ is the company’s future engine, achieving two goals through m6+ emissions: sales and finance are over $10 billion.
Second, the 400-500-dollar price band of the m3 crystal bottle is expected to accelerate recovery, and the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky guarantee that the basic plate is stable and the price is moved simultaneously.
The Lower Guizhou Liquor (buyed by the Yang River in June 2016) is expected to grow faster. Fifthly, nationalization is well under way, and it is expected to be evaluated from within and outside the province (002304).
3- Report of the China Securities *Report of the Ocean River Stock Exchange (00204): Performance Reporter, Downward Risks, Epidemic Consumption, Blue Classics Unexpected Seasons
In line with expectations, the trend is gradually moving towards *2020429* Sunsan Mountain 2022-04-29  Food and Beverage Group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.