- Ocean River Stock Company (002304.sz) incident assessment report, 3-quarterly report from Ocean River Stock in 2022.
Performance exceeded expectations slightly, with a marked improvement in cash flow of 8 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 2,178 million yuan (40 per cent increase). The Māori ratio is 2022q1-q. The net cash flow from operating activities is 2,022q3 yuan (the same increase).
The five dots remain the same, and the company will continue to release the five dots: first, m6+ is the engine of the future, achieving two goals through m6+ emissions: sales and financial calculus exceed 10 billion dollars; and second.
Two, the 400-500-dollar band of the m3 crystal bottle is expected to accelerate recovery, with the blue and blue guarantee of the sea stabilizing and moving prices simultaneously; third, the recovery of the two ravine brands, with sales expected to exceed 10 billion dollars in the future; and fourth, the Guizhou Liquor.
It is hoped that a piece of the river will be bought in June 2016, and that it will be developed more rapidly.3 The report of the China Securities * Report of the Ocean River Stock Exchange (00204) is an event evaluation: Capability
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, the blue classic season is not up, the momentum is full *Sunsun Mountain *202601*, the double-trenched brand is not growing as much as it is expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.