\triangleright October 28, 2022
29.1% increase in the same year; end-of-term contract liability balance of $8.17 billion, or $260 million increase in the ring. For the single quarter, the periodic Māori ratio is improved and cash flow is under short-term pressure.
The impact of the epidemic on Wang Xinhai and the current period has resulted in a corresponding reduction in cash inflows from operating activities, an increase in taxes and fees paid, cash paid to employees and so forth, which has led to an increase in cash outflows from operating activities and a corresponding sales gain.
\triangleright Deepen career reform, and produce a “big and strong” new week at the channel level.
Promotion of the “one-stop shop, multi-share” channel model, focusing on the reform of the organizational structure of the Ministry of Enterprise, marketing period 2022/08/28.
Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) In-depth report: Product Life Activates Organizational Dynamics; Introduction of the “Rover Mechanism” which provides talent security for forward development.
At the product level, the sea, the sky, the series of dreams are rejuvenating, quality, and rules are constantly being fulfilled.
The company insists on “high-end leadership 4. Ocean River shares (00204) reporting: brands, major brands, popular stone brands” strategy directions, the market for the Fulbright Table, and the promotion of channels.
The restructuring of the product life cycle and the sailing of the ship 2022011 will either accelerate the process of structural upgrading from Sea Sky to Dream on a national scale in the future. 3-2022/01/14
Investment Recommendations: We believe that the company's “second entrepreneurship” institutional mechanisms have been reformed to deepen the country's channels.
Decentralization of channels, regulation of market order, gradual re-establishment of institutional advantages; and upgrading of digital marketing
\triangleright, increased competition in the market and nationalization of the dream blues are not as expected. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.