q3 elastic growth in performance and the effect of the reforms
During the quarter, the company is expected to earn about $26.440 billion, an increase of about 20.5 per cent in the same year; the company’s performance is expected to increase flexibly. The company is expected to earn $26.444 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of about 26.5 per cent in the same year.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn has a relatively limited voice, and the white wine consumption scene has improved. The company’s year-round return is now almost complete, the dream 6+ Demand Seasonal Ring ratio has improved, and the company’s q3 performance has increased flexibly.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company q3 is expected to earn $7,532 million in operating income, continuously optimizing the product structure of the company.
The company's current product structure is continuously optimized around high-end and branding strategies. For six months this year, the company's brand-new strategic upgrade, the Blue Sea and Dream Blue Class.
In December, the highest price was put on the market successfully. Among them, the Blue Sea series was the sixth upgrade of the company since it was listed, and the brand had the lowest price in December.
In terms of access, the company has undergone a transformation of marketing since 2019. At the beginning of this year, the company organized marketing.
In view of the differences in the level of development of different markets, companies have adjusted and reclassified the Ministry of Enterprise and introduced a strategy of “Headquarters General, Regional Management”.
As product structural upgrading and restructuring progress steadily, it is expected that there will be some elastic growth in corporate performance. The “recommended” rating of companies is maintained.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.