Cruise tyres (601058.sh)
Focus Cambodia, planning for the Kampot economic special zone and the full-bore expansion project. On 30 October 2024, the company issued a public announcement stating that the ring group intended to lease approximately 750 hectares of land for the construction of the Kampot economic special zone in Cambodia, with an estimated total investment of $112 million for the project, which is planned to be introduced.
Market value (PRC): $15.32. Completion of global headline companies such as new chemical materials related to the rubber industry, recycling of used rubber, external rental 2026-2035 (one-time payment based on 50 years of external lease)
1. " Race tire company rating: sound operation, layout of Cambodian Kampot economy " , total income of $150 million, total profit of $51.1 million, net profit of $50.19 million, total return on investment of 4.6 per cent, all financial internal revenue after investment tax
2. " Racer Tyre Company Rating: Performance meets expectations and the strategy of globalization is a steady 7% gain " . On 7 January 2025, the company announced a full steel tire expansion project in Cambodia.
Production, with a total investment of about 670 million yuan, is expected to produce 1.75 billion yuan in post-natal service start-up start-up start-up start-up: there is a high rate of continuous innovation and slow start-up of full steel work in the country; the rate of start-up of half steel work in January 2025 was 76.7 per cent, an increase of 5.1 pct over the same period.
Exports: In 2024, the volume of the country ' s exports of passenger and truck tires increased by the same amount, by 350 million per year, by 13.4 per cent per year, of which 2,936,000 were exported in December, by 11 per cent per year; 130 million per year were exported by car.
This represents an increase of 2 per cent in the same year, with exports of 10,550,000 in December, an increase of 1.4 per cent in the same year. Cost: According to Treasure Data, in December 2024, the cost of manufacturing semi-steams in the country was taxed at 166 yuan/bar and a decline of 0.8 per cent in the ring; the cost of manufacturing whole-steams was $982.
Business dynamics: multiple offshore tyre enterprises plan to shut down some of their capacity. During the January 2025 period, Priston announced the closure of the Lavine tyre factory in the United States on 31 July 2025:
Yokohama Rubber announced plans to close down its Prague plant in June 2025.e Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, taking into account the company’s own competitive advantages and growth, is currently valued in relative terms
Lower, “buy-in” ratings continue to be given, with high price fluctuations for raw materials; lower-than-expected releases of new production capacity; frictions in international trade; less-than-expected expansion of liquid gold tyres; large fluctuations in shipping costs; and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
The share price of the wheel tires fell in the last four quarters and was repaired in the first quarter of this year. The movement of the wheel tyres and the plates has changed, and it can be seen that the share price of the wheel tyres and the overall movement of the tyre plates have been more consistent.
In the context of the selection of tyres as a typical maritime industry, which is more sensitive to tariff risks and therefore subject to periodic price suppression, in January this year the share price of tyres in the race returned to a shock. As of 27 January 2025, the sales of tires in the company of tyres in the race showed a steady upward trend, with a single-quarter income rising to an all-time high.
Tyre production was 1.92 million, an increase of 17.6 per cent in the same year and 5.8 per cent in the ring; sales reached 1.933 million, an increase of 22.8 per cent in the same year and an increase of 7.6 per cent in the ring; sales revenue reached $8.17 billion, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year and an increase of 8 per cent in the ring.
Figure 5: Changes in the average prices of the company's quarterly tyre sales ($/article) 1.3 Priority projects track the continuation of the globalization strategy, which will significantly increase the company's performance when overseas bases become operational.
On the same day, the company issued a public announcement about the expansion of the entire steel tire in Cambodia, planning for the construction of another 1.65 million full steel tires for a nine-month construction cycle, expected to start production in 2025, with a total investment of about $670 million, expected to complete the post-partum planning project in the Kampot Special Economic Zone in Cambodia, and the company ' s global supply chain system is expected to be further optimized.
On 30 June, the company issued a public announcement about the project in the Kampot Economic Special Region of Cambodia, where the ring group intends to lease approximately 750 hectares of land for the construction of the Kampot Economic Special Region of Cambodia. The total investment in the project is estimated at $112 million, mainly for land costs.
The project operates in the form of long-term leasing of part of the land in Kampot Province, Cambodia, as well as external solicitation in the context of local policy and the location of the special economic zone, which is to be followed by a round-challenging group.
Intake, land lease completed at the end of 2025, external lease 2026-2035 (50 years at external lease, I chart 7: Investment climate analysis in Cambodia 1.4 change in management of operations)
The company achieved revenue of $8.47 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 14.8 per cent in the same year, and a growth of 7.8 per cent in the ring: net return to mothers amounted to $1.09 billion, an increase of 11.5 per cent in the same year and a decline of 2.3 per cent in the ring; this increase was mainly due to increased sales, optimized product structure and the release of global output.
3-quarter-quarter Māori sales rate of 27.7 per cent, net sales interest rate of 13.1 per cent, and some decline in profitability is mainly affected by the negative impact on raw materials and maritime transport. In cost management, companies have paid relatively more attention to sales end-of-end investments, 3-quarter Figure 8: Rapid growth in corporate operating income in the single quarter
Figure 9: Maintenance of a high level of net profit from a single quarter of a company ' s return
On the basis of future development needs, a plan for returns for shareholders in Wheel Group Limited (2025-2027) has been drawn up. The plan is based explicitly on a cash share that combines the company’s profitability, cash flow, and investment needs, and, when eligible, is not less than 30% of the profits distributed during the year.
The plan also provides for revisions to be reviewed every three years, reflecting the importance that companies attach to long-term stability and to the scientific distribution mechanism.
Half-styrene starts at a relatively high level, and the full-steed starts are still to be repaired. During the last week before spring 2025, there was a drop in the overall start of the tyre industry, with a 70.3 per cent rate of work per week as of January 23, 2025, and a 17.6 per cent low rate, based on the monthly start of work in 2024.
Work was slow to repair; the rate of start-up of half-steeds was 76.7 per cent in January 2025, an increase of 5.1 pct over the same year, and the rate of start-up of all steels was higher than the rate of start-up of half-steeds per week in the country
Figure 15: The overall situation is relatively normal: according to the data from Treasure Information, in December 2024, the monthly stock of our semi-stylists was 17.1 million, with a 4.5 per cent increase in the ring ratio and an 8.5 per cent increase in the corresponding ratio; the total monthly stock of steelborns was 11.88 million.
Figure 17: The stock of semi-styrene companies has recovered slightly, and the volume of tyres imported has fallen the same year, mainly in Asia. In 2024, there was a significant drop in the average number of live and truck tire imports, with 4.06 million annual imports of live tires, 18.2 per cent of the same year.
Imports in the middle of December amounted to 310,000, a decrease of 30 per cent in the same year; annual imports of car tires amounted to 38,000, a drop of 15.6 per cent in the same year, of which 3126 were imported in December, a decline of 0.6 per cent in the same year, from the region of import of tyres in December 2024, 50 per cent of the live tires were imported from the Asian region and 43 per cent from the European region; 82 per cent of the car tires entered the European region.
Imports from the Asian region to Thailand reached 64 per cent.
The number of car tires exported increased on a year-on-year basis, from 350 million to 13.4 per cent in December, from 2.93 million to 11 per cent in December, and from 130 million to 2 per cent in December, from 10.5 million to 1.4 per cent in December 2024.
In terms of export regions, 47 per cent of live births are exported to the European region and 24 per cent to the Asian region; truck tires are relatively dispersed, with Asia, South America, Africa, Europe, North America and Oceania accounting for 30 per cent, 21 per cent, 19 per cent, 17 per cent, 9 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively.
Figure 23: Innovative monthly exports of live births (thousands of live births) Figure 24: Regional distribution of live births in December 2024
2.3 Factors influencing profitability in the industry. Cost of raw materials: The rise in rubber prices began with a tremor, and the black price of carbon fell significantly. Average monthly prices for natural rubber, butylene rubber, septine rubber were $17138 per ton, $14898 per ton and $13,595 per ton in December 2024.
RMB/tonne, 16% decline in the same year, 7% decline in the ring. 16% change in January 2025 for natural rubber, butylene rubber, septine rubber, 3% change in the ring, 6% change in January 2025; carbon black average price is 7004 yuan/tonne, 14% decline in the same year, and ring below
Chart 28: The price of breeton rubber rises. Chart 29: The price of shundred rubber begins to repair up quickly. The cost of producing tyres in our country has fallen somewhat.
The cost of manufacturing, including taxes, is 166 yuan/bar, with a decline of 0.8 per cent in the ring ratio; the cost of manufacturing whole steel tires is $982/bar, and the cost of producing semi-styrena is shown in figure 31: Maritime transport has gradually returned to normal, and the repression of export operations has been eased. The shipping costs were re-established in 2024 as a result of the events in the Red Sea.
The second upswing, which continued to rise in the February period from May to August, has also adversely affected the export orders of tyre enterprises during the 2-3 quarter, and the negative impact of maritime transport on the earnings and profits of enterprises will also be significantly mitigated, taking into account the fact that maritime transport is now returning to normal.
2.4 Changes in the productive profile of our companies, which speed up the deployment of our tyres abroad, and the global multi-base project continue. As our tire companies open their second ship, the domestic headcarves, after having a base in South-East Asia, start a global layout strategy, and the race wheels.
Two major bases, Indonesia and Mexico, were planned and are still under construction; a base, Indonesia and Mexico, was planned for medium rubber, with the Indonesian base having reached the first line of the entire steel tire on 23 October 2024; and a base, Morocco and Spain, with the Moroccan base having reached the first line on 30 September 2024.
The relatively slow pace of sea travel by non-head tyre businesses has led to the continued preference of the layout base for the South-East Asian region, including Cambodia, which has also begun to become a popular option, with a number of enterprises currently promoting tyre construction projects in Qingjima, Formes, guided and all-embracing tyres.
In the context of increased competition in the industry, several overseas tyre enterprises plan to shut down some of their capacity. Michelin plans to shut down factories in France, Poland, and parts of Germany: solidities announced the closure of factories in Germany and Malaysia: Priscón Corporation also announced the closure of tyre retreading plants in Belgium, and Argentine companies have plans to cut production, 2025.
In January of that year, it was announced that it would also close down the Lavine tyre factory in the United States; Noir, Finland, announced the adjustment of production capacity and layoffs; and friend rubber, declared the closure of the tire factory in the United States: Yokohama rubber announced the cessation of the operation of the Israeli plant and plans to shut down the Prague plant.
As a domestic head tyre business, the wheel tyres are once again leading the company's layout in the new wave wave, and the demonstration and promotion of the “liquid gold” material tyres will help the company to upgrade its brand power, as new production is released and product structure is constructed.
The annual operating income of the company is $319, 378, 42.6 billion, resulting in net profits of $4,47, 5.2 billion for the mother, and significant price fluctuations for raw materials: raw materials such as rubber, carbon black and steel curtains account for more than 70 per cent of the company ' s production costs, and the Māori rate of the company ' s products will be affected if the price of these raw materials rises significantly.
2. The release of new capacity is lower than expected: the company currently has a larger number of ongoing projects, both within and outside the country, and if the project is affected by force majeure factors, the pace of production may fall short of expectations and will have an impact on the company’s revenues. International trade friction: the offshore market for corporate products, which is concentrated mainly in the United States and Europe, has continued for almost two years.
International trade frictions such as “anti-dumping, countervailing” have had a clear impact on domestic tire company exports, which could be affected by new trade frictions and changes in trade policy.The spread of “liquid gold” tyres is not as widespread as expected: the company's “liquid gold” materials tyres are still in the extension phase.
The expectation is that products will be able to capture the market by virtue of their superior heterogeneity, and while the oil-saving performance is significantly economic in the long term, because of relatively high retail prices, a lack of product diffusion and a lack of customer import will lead to a shortfall in sales revenues. Sea freight costs are highly volatile: a sharp drop in shipping costs will have an impact on the company’s export sales and profitability, if followed by a follow-up.
The company’s performance is likely to be affected by the re-emergence of large fluctuations in maritime freight rates: the tyre industry is more dependent on exports, and significant fluctuations in RMB exchange rates may generate revenues for the company.