Center for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
The technology is the home-grown congener of electronics, and in January 2018, the technology successfully borrowed the shell.
In the short term, the company’s main business is well-developed, with the negative impact of off-shell assets; and in the long term, the company’s acquisition of the Selcon module area, opening up the growth space.
1) The technology of the beneficiary is the cutting edge of the functionality, with historical collections, a rapid increase in net profits, a combination of a client's resource advantage (a 50 per cent contribution from a client), size advantage, R & D advantage, which is expected to be strong in the future. 2) The volume of smartphones and iPhones has stopped growing since 2017, but has benefited from it.
For the reasons we think it's mainly associated with consumption, the design, functionality, materials of electronic-generation products, and the increasing value of sophisticated functional units. Looking to the future, we think it's associated with the diversification of cellular functions, the waterproofness of 5g and the dispersion of functional devices.
The heat, shielding, etc. are more demanding and are expected to continue to improve in the future. 3) Thanks to the low price iphone, 5g, iphone roll-out, a client is expected to return to growth in cellular sales in 2021, the build-up of airpods and applewatch is expected to continue to grow, and a chain of industry is expected to continue to improve.
Companies have strengthened the consolidation of shell assets and gradually moved away from the negative impact of shell assets. Over the past two years, companies have been actively consolidating shell assets, accelerating the divestment of lost assets (traded assets, displays to be sold and contact control group assets) on the one hand, and increasing the quality of large impairment losses (1.92 billion asset goodwill in 2018) on the other.
The acquisition of the Selkán Recharge Group and the creation of the Replenishment Replenishment Group. 1) The company successfully acquired Salkán in 2019, the ELECTRONIC Loop, which enabled the company to acquire the capability of smt, fatp, which is expected to be in depth in the future, the module, the system assembly business. 2) The company intends to raise no more than $3 billion in expanded motors, power sources.
Products such as plugs, wireless chargers, radiator tubes, etc. further enrich the company’s product categories, horizontally extend the steam, car, home appliances, etc. The project is expected to produce $5.3 billion in post-partum contributions and a net gain of $470 million.
Liu Yeon-seok luyanxue@gjzq.com.cn Deng Queue
First, to move away from the negative impact of shell assets and build a “one-stop” platform where technology is the backbone of the country’s sophisticated electronic consumer functions. In January 2018, technology was bought backwards.
"Gang powder magnets" have been changed to "Intelligent" after "Change Magnetic Magnets." Lumpy of shell assets, profit-making in 2018 and 2019 was much less than profit-making technology and less than regular gain or loss.
Trade and logistics services industry: August 2015 with crystallized light power, access to displays and contact control module industry: April 2016 with an oriental colour, cutting into a sophisticated structurer industry. 2017 gyromagnes made up of "precision structure units, displays and contact control modules, materials, trade."
Shelled assets have been depleted, with intellectually acquired performance in 2018 and 2019 well below that of technologically acquired technology. 1) In 2018 and 2019, the net profit from intellectually acquired technology was 680 million yuan, 1.89 billion yuan, and the net gain from technologically acquired technology was 1.942 billion yuan and 2.46 billion yuan.
In the event of a significant loss in the trading operations of shell assets, the profit-making and intelligence scheme would have reduced the value of the bulk of the goodwill, fixed the sum of $1.23 billion, or $1.23 billion.) The bulk of the corporate losses in 2018 in terms of the bulk of the losses in terms of impairments was: one large commodity trade block, $1.1 billion in advances, which could not be fully recovered, and would have been the result of bad debt losses ($950 million).
2 Eastern Lottery, raising bad debt losses from bad debts (200 million US dollars), 3 Tianjiang powdered magnets goodwill, impairments (286 million US dollars) 3) The company ' s significant impairment losses in 2019 were mainly due to the company ' s proposed placement of display and touch control module plates, which accounted for a loss of $330 million in fixed asset impairments, and shell charges.
Loss of goodwill by $660 million; Deferral of shelled assets, with significant fluctuations in profit and loss from profit-making non-recurring in 2018 and 2019. Large differences in net corporate and non-mortality gains in 2018 and 2019 were mainly due to fair value
960 million yuan. Significant fluctuations in net gains from changes in corporate fair value were mainly due to fluctuations in the value of shares that should be bought back and written off by the East Shiraito shareholder industry. Since it came to the market, intellectually and actively consolidated shell assets, while accelerating the divestment of lost assets (trade industry)
On the one hand, I've succeeded in stripping out the trade plate.
In 2018, the trade plate broke out as a “Big Commodity Trade Prepayment Incident”, and in the second half of the year it was smart enough to stop trading, and in May 2019 it sold the China-shore Holdings and successfully stripped off the trade assets.
In January 2020, the company announced its intention to set a 100% stake in Shenzhen's Ting Jing PV Ltd., and a limited plant in Guangdong River.
100% of the company's share is transferred to An Xing Xing Jing Gynaecology and Technology Ltd. In 2018, a net profit of only $34 million was realized, and in January-October 2019, a loss of $85 million was realized, and the sale of the Xi Jing Gynaecology helped to further optimize the company's assets and enhance its profitability.
The company accounts for substantial impairment losses in the quality of its shell assets. Since it was listed in 2018, it has accumulated $3 billion in asset impairment losses. Of this amount, $950 million has been lost in the loss of goodwill, Selcon, the cut-in appliance appliance industry.
The three core business lines of chargers, materials operations” have successfully achieved vertical integration of the whole industry chain of materials-precision zero components-modules-systems integrated.
Figure 6: Corporate business expansion history Figure 8: Company-wide vertical integration of "material-precision zero components-modules-system assembly" II. Exact functional software taps, single machine value increases + large customer sales return growth, drivers
With 71% revenue, 82% Mäori, 26% precision functionality and structure, the profitability is higher than that of other businesses. Eastern colours, technological mastery, and Eastern colour masters.
The profit-making camp received 22.5 billion yuan and the Eastern Lottery camp received 2.1 billion yuan; in 2018, the profit-making net profit was — 0.04 billion yuan; the profit-making net profit from technology was — 2 billion yuan; the profit-making net from the East was — 050 million yuan: the deduction from the profit-making camp was 900 million yuan in 2019, and the profit-making net profit from the technology was — 900 million yuan.
2. The country’s cutting-edge functionality, combined with its size, technology and customer advantage, is the country’s cutting-edge technology, which is growing rapidly in terms of revenue and performance.
Since then, the benefits of technology have grown rapidly in terms of corporate revenue and net profits. In 2019, the benefits of technology have been realized in terms of net return to the mother, at $2.46 billion, or 23 per cent. In terms of products, sophisticated functional products consist mainly of hardware, seals, heat, buffers, insulation, etc.
Blocks, labels, key presses, etc.. The main beneficiary technology business is model cut products (including optical glue, foam cotton, shielding, acoustic silk, battery glue, heat melting glue, heat-guiding chips, etc.), pressurized products (including shielding, metal interiors, etc.), cnc products (including key-stroke products, camera header decorations, etc.), tightness
Solid products, assembly-type products. Welding process, 2016 mechanized products, pressurized products, cnc products, 48 per cent, 23 per cent, 22 per cent, respectively.
Twilight covers inside the metal cell phone the acoustic module's five metal pieces and shares.
(a) Precision features are defined by the company's client resources, which account for up to 50 per cent of the revenue.
Products are manufactured, and major consumer electronics companies have more stringent vendor audits, covering research and development capabilities, product quality, scale of production, and delivery cycles.
Access to a customer supply chain, Vivo supply chain in 2014, oppo supply chain in 2015, h customer supply chain in 2016 and 99 per cent of proceeds from company sales of a customer, h customer, oppo, vivo products in 2016, which are applied to a customer ' s product
Revenue from sales accounts for 50% of revenue, and thousands of them are rich enough to meet customers’ demand for different types of products. 2) In 2019, millions of items of intellectual gain — 116 million — far more than their counterparts. Larger firms can negotiate with suppliers.
More powerful, with some reduction in the cost of purchasing raw materials and greater cost advantage of products.
Angelic technology, Flying Rinda, Jing Rong technology.
Long, delicate, intelligent, successful.
Since its inception, companies have focused on investment in R & D, spending 1.1 billion yuan on intellectual R & D in 2019, far more than their counterparts. After more than a decade of accumulation, subsidiaries have taken control of the entire arsenal of industrial robots.
Heart technology, including joint speed cutters, straight drive motors, server drives, controller hardware and software, has provided strong technical support to companies.
3.1 With the upgrade of smartphones, the volume of sophisticated software singles has continued to rise. Since 2017, the volume of smart phones and iphones has stopped growing. In 2018 and 2019, smart phones dropped 4 per cent, 2 per cent, and iphones dropped by 3 per cent and 9 per cent.
For this reason, we believe that the main components are constantly upgrading the design, functionality and materials of the consumer electronics generation, and that the value of the sophisticated function units is not US$, which represents 0.48 per cent of the price of the sale; and the precision of the technology applied in iphonex in 2017.
The functional unit is worth $16.9, representing 1.7 per cent of the sale price, and looking forward to the future, we believe that the diversity of mobile phone functionality, 5g waterproofing, heat evaporation, shielding, etc., are more demanding and are expected to continue to improve in the future.
Figure 21: With the diversification of iphone functions, the internal structure has tended to be complicated and sophisticated, with 3.2a clients: the growth of smartphone exits in 2021 has been renewed, smart wear has continued to increase, benefiting from the demand for “late” 5g switch, and global demand for smart phones is expected to recover in 2021.
In 2019, China launched a 5g commercial operation, after the market generally expected a 5g switch in 2020 to boost global smartphone growth, but due to the impact of the epidemic, the demand for the change is expected to be delayed until 2021.
On May 15, 2020, the US ban on China was renewed, and is expected to be short.
Quantities are high-end cargo loads, and high-end aircraft consumers or part of them flow into the iPhone camp. Thanks to the price reduction of iPhone 11, the introduction of low-price iPhonese, a client's share of q4 in 2019 and q1 in 2020 has increased continuously. According to our calculations, the average replacement cycle for iPhones is around three years.
According to foreign media reports, apples are expected to launch their first 5-giphone this year, and the demand for 5-g switch is expected to help the apples return to growth in 2021. But there will be more flowers to wear, the airpods will explode, and the applewatch will grow rapidly.
The tws headphones have raised the consumer's hearing experience in a comprehensive manner, with market demand in 2018 and 2019 having reached 60 million deliveries in 2019, an increase of 71 per cent. The cumulative volume of sales in 2019 by airpods was only 110 million, which is still low compared to the end-user penetration rate of 1 billion apples (only 10 per cent), and is projected to be low.
In the next three years, the airpods are growing at a high rate. 2) In 2019, the volume of shipments amounted to 130 million, an increase of 30%, and continued to grow at a high rate. In the 5g era, the speed of transmission is expected to make the connectivity a reality, and the applewatch is expected to grow at a high rate in the next three years.
The number of mobile phones delivered by Andre is 11.8 and 190 million, or 86 per cent and 14 per cent. The company has a lower share in Andre City, taking into account the company's strengths in size and technology, and its future in Andre.
The percentage of customers is expected to rise further. Figure 29: Global smartphone Andre clients delivered 86%. Figure 28: Technology-friendly Andre clients received 50%.
iii. Acquisition of the Selcon Military Recharge Module, creation of additional fund-raising capacity, acquisition of Selcon by the end of August 2019, and acquisition of the military charger business, expected to benefit from the launch of the Airpower.
The Department’s main products include chargers, adaptors, and wireless chargers.
With $4.1 billion in revenue, operating income is much higher than that of a partner, but profitability (morigin rate, net interest rate) is much lower than that of a partner. Considering intellectual manufacturing capacity and managerial capacity, we believe that once the acquisition is complete, Selcon’s profitability is expected to increase significantly, and the losses will be reversed.
Figure 32: Intelligent Andre clients received 50 per cent of the money. Figure 33: Global smartphone Andre clients delivered 86 per cent of the product.a The company was scheduled to launch the Airpower in 2018, but its release was delayed for technical reasons.
However, the airpower project is currently being relaunched, and we believe that the future, accompanied by a gradual increase in the penetration rate of smart wear, is likely to trigger the need for wireless chargers. Given the company’s long-term insistence on large-client strategies, it is expected that the future benefits from the airpower launch will be deep.
After the project is completed, it will further enrich the company’s product categories, horizontally expanding cars, home appliances, etc. The project is expected to be completed.
A total of $5.3 billion was donated, a net gain of $470 million. 1) The company plans to invest $1.86 billion in precision metal processing projects for a two-year construction period, reaching a total of $3.88 billion in post-natal projects and a net gain of $320 million.
After the completion of the metal processing project, the company will form 40 million car motor structures, 200 million power-only plugs, 50 million wireless chargers and 58 million computers and cellular heat pipes.) According to estimates, the global market for motor motor structures is 3 billion, with companies moving into the air.
The motor structure industry helps to expand the corporate product structure and enrich the corporate customer structure. 3) Based on an estimated 2.8 billion global power plugs market, 1.8 billion radiative modules, the Division, with its strong customer resources, is expected to enrich more product categories in the future and increase the total value of single machines.
The company's penetration into the Wireless Charging Module is expected to benefit from the rapid growth of the wireless Charging Market.
The company is to invest $670 million in the electromagnetic material project, which, for a period of one year, will bring the total sum of the postnatal project to $1.640 billion, with a net profit of $150 million. When the electromagnetic material project is completed, the company will produce 12,400 tons of high-performance magnetic materials and materials.
5.932 million square metres of m2 cut material. 2) Magnetic materials have grown rapidly in recent years, the high-end products available to the company for iron oxides are relatively low, and the project after delivery has helped to optimize the structure of the company ' s products. 3) The company is now predominantly purchased outside of the mutilation material, it has less bargaining power upstream, it invests in the project.
Postnatal production will be used for intra-company production, and companies will reduce the combined cost of mutilating products.iv. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.Accurate functionality and structure industry application revenue will increase by the same 5%, 30%, and 20%, with single machine value.
Upgrade, Māori rate to 26.5 per cent, 27 per cent, 27.5 per cent. 2) Considering that the company has sold trade assets, proposed to sell TACT assets, assuming that the company will sell TACT assets by the end of 2020, it is expected to collect zero in 2021 and 2022 for the company ' s related operations. 3) Considering the company ' s current battery charger business.
The Māori rate is lower than their counterparts and is expected to be accompanied by a sustained increase in the rate of Māori in charger chargers to industry as a comparable company, with a 30-fold valuation for 2021, corresponding to the recurrent risk of the epidemic in the target city: in the event of repeated outbreaks of new crowns or shocks to the consumer electronics industry in the future, resulting in an increase in the rate of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māori in the amount of Māda.
Market competition risks: coupled with increasing competition in the market, firms may be at risk of falling prices for their products. A further reduction in goodwill would cause the company’s performance to decline.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment