On the second day of June of 2020, the Sword of the Sword of the Sword of the Sword is ready.
The corporate strategy is clear: starting with a model, integrating upstream materials and moving to a downstream module, the company being an absolute leader in the field of modelling, highlighting its own management and technological strengths, we believe, with the company’s fine management capacity, and highly sticky customer relationships.
It's expected to make a big picture of the market in the hundreds of billions of space modules. Three billion extra-coded materials and precision processing are available, real-platform companies that consume electronics are eager to do so. Wireless penetration continues to accelerate, and market space is expected to reach $15.5 billion in 2022.
As the overall heat rises, it is expected that the demand for evaporation of 5g mobile phones will increase by $3.1 billion in market size, and that emerging evaporation programmes such as heat pipes, vc, etc. will emerge to help accelerate the layout. And, as a result of the vibration experience, linear motor penetration will accelerate. In addition, the company will increase the layout of the material, using existing gyromographic magnets as a platform, further integrate materials such as magnets and nanocrys, and materials collars.
Compared to the 300-degree trend, the Unit is expected to be able to protect the corporate model strategy. Looking ahead, a new round of high growth is certain, anaesthesia is growing, national production is expanding faster, salcomp is integrated, and technology is performing well.
In the long run, the conglomerate extension targets are clear, and the growth space is opened. • The international champion tw, the intellectual catch-up has sailed on itsw integrated operations and has high-roe attributes, which cover a lot of consumer electronics, automobiles, chemicals, etc.
The firm focuses on organic growth, distinguishing its business from competitors in a segmented market through 80/20 business processes based on product innovation, product quality, brand preferences, and service delivery. The firm’s core competitiveness is highlighted, with its customer-centred focus on research and development of new products.
The company became a consumer electronics platform-type company, expanding from consumer electronics horizontally to auto-electronics, and expanding the market space continuously in the whole industry’s chain layout. To underestimate the company, we give a “recommended” rating, given the company’s future growth in the module area.
1. Innovative (002600) trade friction between China and the United States has increased, sales by large clients have fallen short of expectations, and technological changes by large clients have fallen short of expectations.
2. "Intelligent" (002600) performance report: continuing excellence in technology, new one, distinct from the general public
Some investors believe that the corporate modular transformation is facing increased competition, and we believe that the market space for modular products is large enough and that the benefits are more competitive with existing manufacturers - most of the modules are currently in high-speed penetration, with wireless chargers approaching 30% in the next three years, and as the 5g age comes,
The demand for evaporation continues to rise, vc, heat pipe, etc. product penetration accelerates, and by 2023, 5g has added more evasive market space of nearly 10 billion. In addition, linear motors and others are increasing penetration rates, and some of the products are more cooperative with existing manufacturers.
Some investors are worried about the company’s subsidiaries, and we believe that the current trend is positive, that the loss of profit subsidiaries has been substantial, and that the loss of Eastern colours and gyromagne is much smaller than last year’s, and that the company has been profitable in March alone.
Some investors are worried about the company’s future growth and space, and we believe that the company’s next three-year expansion of the module will bring about the growth of the company’s model.
Airpods are growing at a higher rate, national production opportunities are expanding at a faster pace, salcomp is integrating well, and the technology itself is expected to continue to outpace. The short-term benefits are airpods, and the second half of the year benefits iphone switching cycles add up the share of national production clients. In the long run, the benefits model grouping extension objectives is clear, companies move from model to model, integrate upstream materials and cut down into downstream modules, and the growth space opens up further.
(i) Key advantages highlighted by the “hard core” management lead to coordinated corporate development1 and multi-business coordinated development, and corporate efforts to shape consumer electronic platform-based solutions providers
Working to become a provider of consumer e-platform solutions, with a clear path to intelligent technology development. The company was founded in 2006, based on exemplary business, and has expanded its business over the past 10 years, increasing pressure, hardening, and assembly operations; In 2012, the company cut into cnc and set up factories in Suzhou, Changzhou, etc.
The company’s financial systems include shared finance, business finance and strategy, professional finance, resource control through synergies in sector operations, inventory management, etc. A sound financial management system highlights corporate “hard core” management.
Capacity to fully expand corporate capacity.2 The management system combines the business sector to create an efficient organizational structure with a clear intellectual organizational structure. The corporate group management system consists of eight modules (quality, procurement, IT, etc.) serving three.
Business sector (1) coo-1: Operations consisting mainly of slicing, pressurizing, cnc. The precision functionals industry is in the middle of the consumer electronics industry chain, between functional modules or components of products such as computers, mobile phones, car electronics, etc., by adding electromagnetic shielding devices, heat conductors, dustnets, insulation pieces, hard fixes, functional buttons, etc.
Sticking, protection, interference-proofing, heat control, dustproofing, insulation, marking, etc. (2) coo-2: includes salcomp, automation, softgoods and structural parts - alpha operations. (3) coo-3: includes research and development of structural elements - nononalpha, magnetic materials and 5g operations.
Figure 3: Clear path to technological development of intellectually acquired technologies, 3 performance levels are moving towards better corporate growth, and financial indicators of intellectual intelligence are expected to continue to grow at a high rate compared to comparable companies in the industry.
In 2018, the net profit cash ratio was higher than 1 for comparable companies in the industry, and the cash flow for technology was increasing, indicating that the firm’s cash earnings were consistently better.
Useful technology is maintained at a medium-sized level, highlighting the quality of firm-strengthed assets. Figure 4: Compared to company-roe level with industry (ii) forward-looking strategic layouts drive companies into high-quality `tracks'
The company integrates upstream materials and extends them to downstream modules through modelling, pressing, cnc, plastic formation, magnetic materials, etc. The company currently covers upstream materials such as conductor heat materials, pressurized material, iron oxygen + nanocrystals, downstream to wireless recharge modules, liquid crystal display modules, etc.
The company has high-quality customer resources, including domestic ov and foreign apples, Microsoft, Amazons, Google, etc.
Figure 7: A sound financial management system for intellectually ingenuity III. Plus-coded materials and precision processing, leading to a comprehensive layout of multiple areas, with the advent of the 5g era, the emergence and application of new technologies, new materials, new processes and types of smart end-products
The demand for high-performance, high-density products suggests more to firms' processing technology, processing accuracy and assembly capacity to meet their strategic corporate development objectives and finance needs. In May 2019, the number of equity shares to be released in private was not more than 1.2 billion, not more than 20 per cent of the company’s total equity before issuance, and the amount of equity raised in private was not more than $3 billion.
Funds are raised mainly for precision metal processing projects, electromagnetic equipment projects, and supplementary mobile funds. The projects are car motors, wireless chargers and radiators. (i) Wireless chargers: flag ship approximation, accelerated penetration, etc.
In 2019, the global penetration rate of wireless charge was 24 per cent and the market size was $6.2 billion; by 2024, the market size would also reach $15 billion, with a yearly average compound growth rate of 31.19 per cent. Consumers of electronics, automobiles, industry, aviation engineers, medical care are the main demand market for wireless chargers, with mobile phones, watches, headphones, etc.
The first demand market, which accounts for 36% of the size of the overall market, is 80% of the demand. As wireless charging becomes more efficient and faster, users experience increases, wireless charging is expected to be an important point for brand manufacturers to distinguish between competitors, brand sizes are sinking, wireless charging has become a flagship. Three stars have been promoting wireless charging since their launch in 2015 and are now fully operational.
The subsequent release of the flag ship s, note series with wireless chargers; Apple introduced in 2014 an applewatch with magsafe magnetism for wireless charge, and launched for the first time at the 2017 launch of three new products in support of wireless charge iphonex, iphone 8/8plus, with three mobile phone products equipped with wireless charge technology using the qi standard, with a maximum support of 7.5w none
Wire charged, causing strong market concern: In 2018, domestic mobile phone manufacturers such as Hua and Mi installed wireless charger technology on flag ships such as maters, mate20pro, mix2s, mix3, etc., followed by foreign terminals such as Nokia, Sony, lig, etc. Wire charged with wireless charge program, which has become a flag ship model.
As of November 2019, there were 252 mobile phones on the latest statistical market that supported wireless chargers. With games, videos, etc., the spread of high-power applications and the advent of the 5g era, the ease of wireless chargers over wire chargers began to be highlighted. And as the wireless charge rate breaks and the gap with the wire charge rate narrows, we believe that the wireless charge rate will accelerate that.
Large-scale applications of technology, the future wireless charging technology will gradually expand from a flagship to a low- and medium-end machine, and penetration in smartphones will increase further, and it is even possible to achieve a full replacement for wire charging. The wireless charging industry will compete widely and brands will be laid out.
Apples: Wireless communications, sophisticated telecommunications, collage, etc. are apple wire chargers. (2) Hua is: its suppliers are mainly telecommunications, confidant communications, etc. (3) Mi: it's the main power provider for cellular wire chargers.
The Wireless Charging Industry Chain consists mainly of programme design, power chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops, modular manufacturing, etc. The branding industry has a wide array of wireless chargers, and suppliers compete widely. (1) Apples: Newswire Communications, Sounding Precision, Co-Thai, etc. are Apple Wire Rechargers. (2) Hmong: its suppliers include, among other things, sophisticated telecommunications, al-Qaeda, etc. (3) Mi:
In 2019, smart acquisition of salcomp, salcomp, dedicated to the development and production of battery chargers for mobile phones and other electronic devices, salcomp supports the development of wireless chargers.
Vertical integration and full-scale industrial upgrading can be achieved by working with the strategic layout of the company ' s downstream integration module. On the one hand, wireless, parts of the recharge module are mutilated from magnetic materials, which can provide customers with wireless charging modules through a combination of magnetic materials of gyros and technology-based metrology. On the other hand, nanocrystal materials are one of the best wirelessly charged materials for mobile phones, nanocrystals.
Material recharge efficiency has reached more than 90%, and companies are actively deploying the R & D layout of nanocrystal materials. For standard competitors, intellectually, there is a high degree of business synergy and client synergy that allows for stronger industrial synergies. (ii) Dispersal Modules: 5g evaporation demand increased, and there is a proliferation of manufacturers.
5g and wireless charging are more demanding for signal transmission, while the defect of the metal backboard to the signal shield will be magnified, and it is expected that the 5g machine will no longer be designed with the metal backboard and that the old graphite and metal backboard radiator technology will face significant challenges. These trends will significantly increase the heat of smart phones, which will be the main question for the entire smartphone industry, in addition to developing energy-consumption programmes.
Question one. The current options for cellular heat transfer in the market are: conductor gel, graphite, graphite, mean-temperature, heat pipe, etc. We predict that 5g mobile phones in the cellular heat radiation industry in 2022 have a market size of 3.1 billion, 5g cell phones in 2019-2022 have a composition of vc and graphite membrane for the X radiation system, and black shark phones released in 2018 have a thermal pipe evaporation technology for various plants.
Businesses are also active in setting up heat-dispersing programmes: carbon meta-tech set up a carbon meta-conductor smooth-to-mode/thermal-tube operation; central stone technology acquired Kaiwei-Di's active heat-bonding/mode-tower business; in-kind intelligence increased hair creation and increased heat-dispersing module layouts; the Division of Advanced Studies and Technology set up a heat-dispersing department at Changzhou headquarters; and Uyungda's subsidiary contributed to heat-dispersing technology.
Industrial chain companies have new ways of radiating heat, such as scalding. vc and the thermal production process are difficult, and actively deploy radiative solutions. The structure of the inhaled core has a significant impact on vc and the industrial circulation and peer-to-heating inside the pipe.
Material technology is the core of the thermal tubes/moderated panels, the development and design of the thermal tubes/moderated panels has already begun, carbon metrology has been active in the development of the compatible superconductor components, and the production process of the high-conducting superconductor heat-distribution materials in the medium stone technology.
Intelligents are also active in the deployment of radiative solutions, and have an advantage in the production of radiative module products: (1) The main technical axis parts required in the production of radiant module products are sophisticated anti-crucible exercise techniques, auto-soft life, and technology such as position-based cyborg cutting is industry leader, 0.35 mmvc and heat tubes are already produced, and companies are actively developing ultra thin vc and
Thermal tubes. (3) The vc developed by the company has anti-fall properties, etching properties and lower residual capabilities, along with higher storage (iii) auto motor structures and cellular linear motors: demand expansion increases development opportunities.
The gap obtains an even value over the entire circle, which ensures the same axis of the power, otherwise it causes the power to deteriorate and the noise to increase. The key to ensuring evenness is the accuracy of the fixture and the position of the frame's three holes, so that the accuracy of the model is a major difficulty in the production process.
The motor structure of the car and the linear motors are clearly superior, with a variety of suppliers being deployed. The motor structure of the car is a necessary part of the electric machine, and the demand for the motor structure of the car increases as the demand for comfort, recreation, navigation, driver support and safety functions increases. On the other hand, the linear motor has a light, low-consumption speed feature that allows for high-complex vibrations.
With the development of a full screen of smartphones, virtual home keys and vibrating motors present development opportunities for motors. So far, producers such as Sylvester Technology, Golden Dragon Power, and Gore Holdings have the capability to produce linear motors.
A third-party advisory body estimates global vehicle production at 94.4 million vehicles in 2019, according to which the market capacity for motors is estimated to be about 3 billion. We expect the market space for motors to be 31.8 billion yuan in 2022 and 22.47 per cent in 2019-2022.
Mi9pro, Hua, has a linear motor for the mate 30 series, and the linear motor has increased by more than 200% of the vibrancy of the traditional motor, with 400% of the driving force rising and 90% of the loss falling. Apples and Andres are following up on the linear motor, increasing the development opportunities for motor structures. We expect the market space for cellular linear motors in 2022 to be $22.8 billion.
The advantage of traditional linear motor manufacturers is highlighted by the high self-sustainability of core parts and components of intellectual intelligence. Linear motors rely on communication voltage to drive the loops to vibrate the sensors under the resonance frequency of springs. But the production process involves the addition of dedicated high-voltage-drive chips, design, stacking difficulties, and complex circuits. Linear motors are extremely demanding for sophisticated manufacturing, in terms of size, frequency, assembly location and fixation methods.
In the case of traditional linear motor manufacturers, as pioneers in sophisticated intellectually constructed industries, there is a high rate of self-sufficiency of linear motor core parts, high performance materials are in synergy with the company’s existing business, high-level processes such as mutilation, cnc, assembly, etc. increase product density, and competitive advantages are highlighted: (1) 59 of the 62 linear motors are made of their own.
The company's linear motors have the characteristics of closed-door design, high-g values, high-performance materials, etc. (2) Linear motor production processes involve moth cutting (polyamide membrane), pressing (up and down shell/up and down film/ spring/soft support, etc.), cnc (balance block), assembly (linear motor), etc. The level of total process capability in the sophisticated manufacturing industry will be highlighted in the production of linear motors.
(iv) Plug-in: fast trend increases the demand for plugs, market space is wide, and the development of fast-filled technologies adds to the battery-filled companies. As technology develops, fast-filling has become the label of major flagship phones, major manufacturers have increased their capacity for research and development, and mill 9 has adopted the chargeturbo fast-loading programme; Hua Xuan
Mate20pro carries the latest fast-loading technology. Fast-loading power is also increasing, with high-power fast-loading requirements allowing chargers to load higher currents, and charge-loading design demands on chargers are increasing. On the other hand, high-power fast-loading options will undoubtedly cause more heat to the mobile phone during the recharge process.
One of the problems is that the co-mingling of charge-and-distribute modules will increase. The fast-loading technologies that are now common on the market are basically from three companies: high connectivity, UNDG, and oppo. (1) the high-speed qickcharge fast-loading standards are mostly qc 2.0 and qc3.0, compared to the first generation of 5v/2a fixed current voltage voltage.
Technically, qc2.0 provides voltage in the 5v, 9v and 12v brackets, as well as the maximum 3a (general cell phone adapters will not reach this much) currents, while charging efficiency will increase. qc3.0 can achieve optimal transmission power, maximize charge efficiency and improve heat performance at any time at any given time.
The vooc technology of (3)oppo achieves high current charge through a dedicated low-voltage large current charger and seven needles and eight-touch batteries, while the vooc technology reduces the heat to the end of the transformer and the end of the cell phone is less than a step in the process of cooling the heat, so that it achieves a fast charge while the cell phone is not hot.
On February 13, 2020, Mi released gan chargers type-c65w and Miw wired bluetooth boxes: (1) Migan chargers type-c65w, using nitrogenated type-c65w, with maximum support for 65w velocity chargers, and with μpro 10, 50w fast charge from 0 to 100% only 45 minutes. (2) millet wired bluetooth boxes are filled with rice.
30wmax wireless charge with a 4mm charge. Mi-mortal support for fast connection of Nfc and miui mobile phones, in line with the qi wireless charge protocol, can provide wireless fast chargers for Samsung 10, iphone 11. Fast-loading trends increase the need for plugs and the market space is wide. According to idc data, global smartphone output in 2019.
About 1.4 billion, one smart phone is equipped with at least one charge plug, and one charge plug requires at least two plugs, so a rough estimate of the pin market capacity is 2.8 billion. We expect the pin market space for recharge plugs to be $15.2 billion in 2022, and the cagr to be 10.98% in 2019-2022. At the same time, we believe that the fast-infiltration rate is constantly rising and the power head is being charged.
Modelsasp is expected to continue to grow, and we expect the caps market space to be 23.940 billion yuan in 2022, and nearly 4 billion cellular chargers for clients in 2019-2022, ranging from 2w to 60w. The salcomp has a certain competitive advantage: (1) salcomp focuses on upgrading the cost and efficiency of the power adapters and chargers, with its core advantage of upgrading the energy.
b) salcomp has flexible production resources and capacity for large-scale global delivery, with production bases and priority research products in China, India, and Brazil, with three major power adapters, chargers or led drives producing more than 440 million units a year.
Businesses, such as Apple, Samsung, Huahua, Vivo, Mid-Sung, etc. have a wealth of customer resources in the fast-loading field.
The nanocrystal material is one of the best devices for cellular wireless chargers. The nanocrystal material is known for its energy-efficient nature, and is highly energy-efficient, and is now more than 90% more. And the nanocrystal, non-crystal material is relatively thin, with half of the iron-Ox magnets (about 78%) thick, with multiple stacks of burns, while the traditional material produces only single-discrete burns.
The magnetic material, such as nanocrystals, has a wide market space. According to third party data, the market space for global magnetic materials reached $51.72 billion in 2022, and the cagr in 2017-2022 was 8.2%.
At present, the problem of dependence on imports of core raw materials associated with high-performance materials and mechanized products is serious. Japan, Korea, Europe, and the US, among other countries, have high technology levels, high product development capabilities, and are mainly responsible for the production of high-performance inert iron and iron.
In terms of technology and capacity, Japan is the technology leader in magnetic materials, while China is the technology leader in magnetic materials production, producing around 70-80% of the world’s magnets every year. The company’s high-performance magnetic material, as a permagnetic oxygen body, has downstream applications in line with the company’s existing magnetic material client group.
The company also has the same technology for the production of mutilating materials, and is equipped with related technical personnel. The company paves the way for the production of wireless charger modules through the layout of magnetic and nanocrystal materials, and through operational synergies.
Achieving interoperability between projects and further integration from upstream materials to downstream modules.
Salcomp is a market leader in smartphones and computer chargers, with major clients including major smartphones and computer manufacturers. In 2018, salcomp earned 530 million euros and has at least 16,000 employees worldwide.
The helper wireless charger module layout, the company’s vertical business integration, and the co-benefits show the potential for sustainability. The salcomp clients include big customers, such as pelican fruit and Samsung, but there is no overlap between the benefits and the salcomp product line, the multi-dimensional business through the integration of large clients, and the intellectual catch-up process has begun.
The production base is located in Finland. The production base is located in Shenzhen, China, Chennai, India, and Manaus, Brazil: (a) Shenzhen is the largest production base, mainly for smartphones, tablet computers, notebooks, bluetooth headphones, etc.
Electrical panels and led drives. (2) The production base in Chennai, India, is devoted to the production of functional and smart phone chargers. (3) Battery and data connection lines and electronics appliancers and chargers in Ma Nus, Brazil. The three main power adapters, chargers or led drives in salcomp produce over 440 million units per year.
(ii) Itw integrated operations, a multi-fielding flagship company, Illinois Tools Group (illinoistoolworksinc.), founded in 1912 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1960 (stock code: intw), based in Glenview, Illinois, United States, as assessed by the American Fortune magazine
People, with more than 18,000 licensed and patented products, operating in 55 countries or regions, are important in developed and emerging markets, with half of the income coming from outside the United States. Itw, one of the largest industrial manufacturing firms operating in a wide range of areas in China and around the globe, is involved in a wide range of industries.
The industries involved include automobiles, buildings, industrial packagings, welding, testing and measuring, food equipment, daily packaging, polymers and fluids.
The annual net profit from the company's withholding and subsequent return is $17,587 billion, with a strong overall performance and robust income growth. In the context of weak demand in the industry, the level of profitability of each business section of the company significantly exceeds that of the other firms in the industry, and the same level of growth is higher than the average market level, the first-rate level of profitability drives robust growth, and the remarkable profitability of each business section is a strong reflection of the company's growing accumulation.
Figure 19: Income from business in recent years
Figure 22: Numbers of itw 2019 in comparison with growth in comparison with market levels (iii) itw Extension Growth Support for Growth of LEDs defines organic growth as a core growth engine, which promotes company growth through M&As. Itw was established in 1912.
Initially focused on the manufacture and sale of metal cutting tools, hard-fixed components and plastic packaging, the first acquisitions were made between 1920 and 1930, and the acquisition of shakeproof involved in the field of car hardening. Decentralized operations began in 1940 to focus better on specific markets, expanding operations to construction, packaging and food through the acquisition or establishment of subsidiaries for autonomous research and development.
The company acquired kronstandard and began cutting into hard and presses, etc.; in 2006 it acquired global high-performance welding and related material suppliers to be electronic and microelectronic assembly suppliers; and in 2011 it acquired teknek to provide access and network cleansing for the electronic and industrial sectors.
In 2016, itw acquired engineering hardening units and spare parts (ef&c) at a price of about $450 million. Ittw developed and strengthened the company ' s own business by acquiring, increased business integration synergies and product competitive advantages, steadily increasing influence across business areas, and fully provided a platform-based product solution for clients.
It has developed into a world leader in manufacturing specialized industrial equipment, consumables, and diversified firms that provide related services.Figure 23: The growing business since the inception of itw The firm has been highly focused on capital allocation, making full use of investment opportunities in its core areas of competitive advantage.
Internal investment to grow and support high-profit core operations, on the one hand, and high-quality strategic acquisitions to boost growth, on the other, both seizes opportunities to expand one of the existing segmented markets of firms to influence positions and is concerned with providing additional ways for companies to enter new industries and generate overall growth ... and ensures that they can generate growth in corporate performance. Companies have achieved successive annual dividends increases for more than 55 years.
The company’s high Roe, which reached 80.29% in 2019, and the pace of Roe over the past four years, are expected to contribute to an improvement in asset-liability ratios. The company’s net profit cash ratio has been higher than 1 in recent years, indicating that itw sales have a stronger return capacity, with sufficient cash security for net profits.
Figure 25: itw level in recent years, in the segmented market, itw differentiates its operations from competition against competition, depending on product innovation, product quality, brand preferences and service delivery. Companies rely on decentralized business structures and 80/20 business processes and product innovation to drive their operations.
The business model enables its operations to respond quickly to market changes and obtain competitive advantages in the market segments. (1) Autooem: top-level oems of small global suppliers, mostly producing parts and hardware for car-related applications. The revenue in 2018 was up to 22,57 per cent. (2) Food equipment: highly concentrated in providing differentiated services for innovation and integrated services in commercial food equipment.
The annual income ratio is 14.97 per cent. (3) Testing and measurement and electronics: mainly testing, measuring and electronic manufacturing and providing high-quality mro solutions to clients in different end markets. The annual income ratio is 14.68 per cent in 2018. (4) Welding: a manufacturer of brand value-added equipment and specialized consumables with innovative and leading technologies, mainly producing arcs for various industrial and commercial uses
Reserves, consumables and accessories. Income in 2018 was 11.43 per cent. (5) Polymer and fluids: main production works glues, secret seals and lubricant and cutting fluids for the maintenance and appearance of the car market, which provides a niche market for brand suppliers requiring value addition and differentials in alienated products. Income in 2018 was 11.66 per cent. (6) Construction products: innovative engineering consolidation systems are reconciled.
Brand suppliers for the final programme. Income in 2018 was 11.50 per cent. (7) Special products: focus on diversified niche market opportunities with substantial patent protection, mainly for the production of beverage package packaging equipment and consumables, home-made electricity parts and hardware, 13.19 per cent in 2018.
While achieving differentiated competitive advantages, these seven sub-areas have common fundamental features; R & D and services are driven by large customers, supported by long-term sound macro fundamentals in the end market, have strong and sustained competitive advantages vis-à-vis major market trends, have great potential to drive growth above market levels and achieve higher profit margins.
(iv) Core competitiveness highlights the vanguard corporate landscape. The current business strategy of the company, starting in the second half of 2012, is a powerful and proprietary set of strategic, operational and cultural practices that have developed and evolved continuously within the company for more than 30 years, with the clear objective of enabling the company as a whole to take full advantage of its height.
Disparities and proprietary business models achieve first-class profits and returns, leading to robust growth. The business model for itw is a company that determines its business model based on its own positioning and develops a long-term development strategy in a three-dimensional way: (1) 80/20 Business processes from previous to post: itw independently explores and distills a series of structured business tools and prescriptions based on experience.
The core of the doctrine is to focus on providing high performance and high operational capacity to the largest and high-yielding clients (“80) and to minimize the costs, complexity and fragmentation associated with the fragmentation of small clients (“20). By applying the 80/20 business process before and after itw, itw can bring more efficient delivery to clients and achieve higher-quality overall growth and excellence in profitability and return on capital.
(2) Client-driven innovation: itw innovation is based on customer demand, especially those with a long-term growth base in the “80” market, and then creates unique solutions to meet these needs. Research and development centres across the corporate sector work with key clients to create unique solutions to address difficult technological challenges, achieve sustainable product differentiation and thus enhance operations.
Performance. The company currently owns about 18,000 authorized and ongoing patents, including more than 1,700 new patent applications filed in 2018, which fully reflect a strong level of creativity and R & D among its employees. In 2018, the company spent $233 million on R & D, equivalent to 1.6 per cent of sales.
(3) Decentralized enterprise management: itw implements a decentralized business approach, with full autonomy for business teams, independent decision-making and rapid implementation, with the overall strategic direction of the company and the need for client customization, with sufficient efficiency and sectoral innovation to enable it to develop the advantages of a quick, focused and rapid response to large clients' business.
The culture of flexibility in the framework flourishes across all sectors, leading employees to think and act like entrepreneurs,