New high-capacity expansion of light-voltage glass — Fulette (601865.sh) report for 2020, 57.33 per cent higher than the previous year, $817 million net profit return, 289.59 per cent higher than the previous year, ring growth
The Māori rate is innovative and the price of photovoltaic glass is rising. In 2020, the Māori rate was 46.54 per cent for corporate business as a whole, an increase of 15 pct, 58.51 per cent for q4, a rise of 23.7 pt and a rise of 15.8 pt for ring.
Of this amount, the photovoltaic glass operation achieved operating income of $5,226 million in 2020, an increase of 39.44 per cent in the same year, a gross interest rate of 49.4 per cent, an increase of 16.5 per cent in the same year, an increase of 83.5 per cent in the total income, a rise of 5.5 per cent in the same period, and a sales increase of 185 million per cent in the same period, an increase of 19.2 per cent in the price of: 1) 2020h2 light volts in the same period.
The high demand for installed machines and the tight supply of photovoltaic glass were the main reasons for the increase in unit pricing, with the price of photovoltaic glass rising continuously since August, reaching a historic high in December with an average market price of 43 yuan per flat at 3.2 mm, a significant increase, an increase in the penetration rate of 2.0 mm, and a further increase in the price of single tons due to the thinning of photovoltaic glass.
Overall profitability. The recent roundback in the price of glazing glass, 15% lower than the 2020q4 high, can still maintain a higher level of profit with the cost-control capacity of the leading industry.
At the end of the reporting period, the company produced 6,400 t/d from photovoltaic glass tablets, six additional 1,200 t/d original kilns were planned for construction on 30 March, with the simultaneous ignition of the two kilns in Viet Nam and Anhui in February 2021, and the company has now completed 8,400 t/d from the original.
16,800t/d, which is expected to reach 12,200t/d and 18,200t/d, respectively, by the end of 2021 and 2022, and continue to strengthen the dominant position. In addition, the company looks forward to the long-term development of the double-bond market, and plans to build a 42 million-square-square-bond glass project in Zhejiang province, fast-tracking the glaved glass market.
The demand for light-voltage machines continues to rise and light-voltage glass stabilizes. The year 2020, guided by the long-term goal of a photo-voltage aircraft of 48.2gw, 30-60 carbon peaks, is expected to be completed during the “145” period1 and the Fulrate Quarterly Review: performance is in line with expected output.
pct, expected to reach more than 60 per cent in 2025, and based on the growth of Beta in the photovoltaic sector, a double-faced rate increases provide alpha increment, which together contributes to a significant increase in the demand for photovoltaic glass.
The glazing industry has a typical scale effect on cost control, price reboot in the landscape.
3 FLET's semi-annual review: the reported over-performance, the higher initial investment, and therefore the slower expansion of capacity. 2) The length of the photovoltaic glass certification cycle and the long-term stability of customers. 3) The continuity of glass production is strong, technical barriers are high, and head producers pass deep through the process.
Experience has shown that there is a cost and product quality advantage in competition, and that the strong are always strong. The main clients downstream of the light glass are Lungi shares, crystal energy, the Han China Group, and the East Sunrise, among others, which provide security for the steady release of productive capacity.
Investment strategy: The high size of the PV machine + the continuous increase in the double-faced rate to ensure that the demand for light glass is strong. Foret, as a leading business in the field of light glass, has a strong second-largest market share, leading industries have expanded their high-quality productive capacity and increased their long-term competitiveness. We expect companies to earn $10.68 billion in business income in 2021-2023, respectively.
For four years, the U.S. energy industry has worked for three years in nuclear power, fire power, oil and gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire energy industry, with extensive experience in areas such as cost analysis of electricity projects, and industrial policy research.
The profile of the research assistant, which has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.