Date: 21st of 21st of 2021 - Fulright (601865).
The first four of the GW - HSBC, the Financial Intelligence Fund, the Jinnan River and Swe, the 1,200t/d component sheet line and the construction of six plating lines for glazed glass. Foreign institutions have entered the market, and the leadership is hard to shake: in the current company’s fund-raising campaign, foreign funds have been allocated to them.
East, the share-holding ratio is 0.71%. We believe that FDI entry is conducive to optimizing the corporate equity structure, and that it is also an important wind sign that foreign investment looks good at the relative depth of 300 indicators of the company’s shares in the light glass sector.
Fort's cost advantages are clear, and the industry is undisturbed: due to the rapid rise in the price of light glass, there have been some recent developments.
A number of companies have announced that they will cut into hyperwhite pressure areas, including golden crystals, flagside groups, Deloitte shares, Fulbright Glass, etc., and the market is beginning to worry that overcapacity in 21 and 22 years will lead to a decline in the price of light glass, which, in our view, will affect the company’s profitability.
Ben’s decline requires a longer period of experience, and the company’s cost advantage, based on years of sedimentation and economies of scale, cannot easily be reduced by new entrants in a short period of time. According to company estimates, if the cost of raw materials is optimistic, the production of the 3.2mm sheet for the new fund-raising project will be successful.
It would have been as low as $14 per square metre, and we measured the marginal cost of market demand for 21-22 years to reaffirm the profitability of the company and the ability to produce significantly release future performance periods: we believe that the company is strong in terms of both cost advantage and rapid expansion.
_aa_Fullet (601865) estimates that we expect the company to have an actual annual production capacity of 2.89 million tons in 21 years, with the same increase _aaa_Fullet (601865).
In the last two years, the company’s capacity has been released and performance will continue to improve significantly. _aaa_Freyt (601865) Fact-finding report
Less than expected risks, trade protectionism risks, and less than expected risks associated with the spread of the two-bob components.