The annual performance is expected to increase significantly, with a significant expansion of production in the future - the Fulette (601865), which is expected to continue in 2022, with a capacity of 1,200 tons of photovoltaic blade production lines and associated processing production lines.
High performance growth and profitability are industry leaders: the company is expected to achieve a net cut of 20h2 in 20 years, with the average market price of 3.2 mm glass rising from 24 yuan/m2 to 43 yuan/m2, with a 79 per cent increase in public terms, owing to higher permeability of the two-breed, high demand for wide glass and a lack of supply of light glass.
There has been a significant increase in the level of profit. The firm has a very deep stock, and, thanks to the technology accumulated over the years, the relative depth of the shares in the cost index of 300 is close to 60 per cent of the gross profit rate in light glass operations.
The policy of conversion of capacity has been eliminated, and production expansion has accelerated significantly: mid-December, the Ministry of Industry and Communications opened up a demand for replacement of photovoltaic glass capacity, and companies quickly seized the opportunity of the industry to launch a business extension program with the advantage of strong financing and low investment in unit capacity.
600t/d cold repair capacity and 1000t/d new capacity in Viet Nam set on fire, currently 6,400t/d in real capacity, limited availability of large-scale glass, and potential benefits from new company expansion capacity: based on current end demand Data cut-off date: 04 0121
The width of the entrances of several old-age kilns does not allow the production of large plate wide glass. Photovoltaic glass with more than 182 mm components will face supply constraints. We believe that large plate wide glass 3-4 yuan per square metre sales spill _aaa_Fullet (601865) Quarterly Review Report
Prices will continue for 21 years. At the end of 21 years, companies will have nearly 50% of their new up-to-date capacity, and large-scale premium premiums will be fully realized, as compared to aaaa_Freyt (61865).
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: In view of the company's latest expansion plan, we have significantly increased by 22 years _aaa_Freyt (601865) for the first time to cover the report Risk factors: less than expected risk of light voltage, risk of falling product prices, productive capacity
Less than expected risks, trade protectionism risks, and less than expected risks associated with the spread of the two-bob components.