Performance forecast for 2024: Mother-to-child net profit increases
The reorganization programme has been approved, followed by a company announcement on 7 January 2025, in which China ' s overall programme to absorb and integrate heavy labour in China was obtained.
The competent authorities, such as the State Finance Committee of the State Council, issued a circular on 25 January: (1) the reorganization plan was considered and approved by the boards of directors of both parties; and (2) a letter of commitment from China Shipping Group Ltd. to avoid competition with their counterparts was issued committing to strip China from its assets within three years of the announcement and to allow it to inject the assets of listed companies.
To meet the conditions for the injection of listed companies, and to propose to the board of directors that will remain in place after the reorganization, the company will be able to inject into the market platform. The central shipbuilding assets under the China-China group, the large container ships and the eng ships in the main camp, according to Clarkson, are about 7.38 million cgt on hand orders as of 25 January 2025.
The integration of China’s heavy labour during the cycle will help reduce competition, create synergies, and improve the efficiency of the supply chain, and will further enhance the performance and overall competitiveness of the market platform if China is injected. The supply and demand gap will be difficult to overcome in the short and medium term, and the new ship-building market is expected to continue.
In 2024, the global market for new ships continued with high billings and shipping prices: according to Clark, China Ships (600150): the period of up-to-date travel was heavy, with a total of 170 million tons of new ship orders signed by global shipyards in 2024, at historical highs as of 2024.
On December 28th, Clarkson's new shipbuilding index rose by 6% from the beginning of 2024, starting in the history of 2008, with a shipyard capacity of only about 50 million cgt in 2024, compared to its 2010 capacity.
China Ships (600150): A 26% drop in the heights of military ships, civilian ships, and a 56% decline in the number of active shipyards around the world. The current capacity for shipbuilding is gradually being repaired, and a new cycle is expected to contribute more elasticity.
But it is difficult for regions outside China to reboot and expand their production capacity on a large scale than in the previous cycle, and the supply side is clear and rigid. At the demand end, the global fleet was about 1 billion cgt in 2024, an increase of 58% compared to 2010, and the global average age of ships continues to rise, and stock renewal will support a steady increase in demand.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company forecasted a median value of $3.7 billion, and for cautious reasons, we transferred Toshio Securities Inc. to China Securities Supervisory Board, which has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.