On 18 February 2025, the China Ship Industry Company Ltd. (“China Ships”) convened the first interim stockholders' conference in 2025, which adopted the China Ship Exchange for Integration into China Heavy Industry and Customs.
The 23 bills, such as the Joint Trading Programme, the China Ship Exchange Absorbing and Merging China’s Heavy Industry and Associated Transactions Report (draft), mark significant progress in the restructuring of China’s ship-to-China heavy-worker transactions.
After the completion of the merger, the number of shares held by the China Shipping Industries Group is expected to be 2,74,361,000, with a share of 26.71 per cent; China Shipping Group totals control of the shares of the Conservancy Company.
The number of shares is 370.47.67 million and the holding ratio is 49.29%. The shareholders in the stockholdings are still the China Shipping Industries Group, the actual controller is the China Shipping Group, and the final controller is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the market position: the domestic share of orders held in cgt will be 22.87% after consolidation.
Vancgt, the Chinese Shipping Group holds orders of approximately 29,948,000 cgt, with a domestic share of about 33.43%. In China, China holds orders of approximately 27,934,000 cgt, with a domestic share of about 13.42%; China holds orders of about 36.40 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 9.46%; China holds a combined share of heavy workers.
China's ship, the giant berth, began with the wind, and China's new orders in 2024 amounted to approximately 47,443,000 cgt.
The China Shipping Group has a new order of approximately 14.490 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 30.54%. Among them, China, "Investment strategy in the ship industry in the year 2025: no fear of mist, sailing away" 2025-1-10.
New orders for ships amount to approximately 5.109 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 10.77 per cent; new orders for heavy labourers in China amount to approximately 4.0370 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 8.51 per cent; combined new orders amounting to about 9.146 million cgt, and the completion of shipbuilding in China in 2024 amounting to approximately 21.57 million cgt, based on the completion of shipbuilding in cgt,
China ' s fleet of ships completed approximately 6.818,000 cgt, with a domestic share of 31.19 per cent. Of this, China ' s shipbuilding volume was approximately 3.472 million cgt, with a domestic share of 15.88 per cent; China ' s re-construction vessel was completed about 1.6790 million cgt, with a domestic share of 7.68 per cent; and the combined ship construction volume was about 5.151 million.
cgt, with a combined domestic share of about 23.56%. • Outlook: Internal synergies and efficiency gains are expected to accelerate the infusion of high-quality group assets into Chinese ships, which are expected to combine synergies between the two sides and achieve efficiency gains in operations and products.
After the completion of China ' s ships, which have consolidated the ship repair operations of Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers, it is hoped that, while regulating competition among practitioners, it will be possible to achieve full synergies and complementarities between the two sides, focusing on value creation and improving operational efficiency through the professional integration of core assets and operations and coordination of core resources.
Increasing brand premiums, thereby further effectively enhancing the core competitiveness of Chinese ships, and building a world-class ship-manufacturing enterprise with interstate competitiveness. While China’s internal lifting efficiency is increasing, more high-quality assets, such as China’s capital, are expected to accelerate infusion.
China Ships. This China Ship Exchange absorbs a steady advance in the consolidation of heavy work in China, signalling a step forward in the consolidation of large-scale assets and operations that is accelerating. On 25 January 2025, Chinese ships issued a bulletin on changes in corporate shareholders and actual controllers’ commitment to avoid competition among their peers.
Three years from the date of the letter, it is not appropriate to detach the assets of the company listed in order for the company to become listed in China. On this basis, we conclude that the year 2025-2028 will be a year of consolidation of the assets of the China Shipping Group, and it is hoped that the high-quality assets represented by the company will be injected into the Chinese ship, which will shape it.
● Prospective profits and investment proposals.
• Profit forecasting: given the early stages of the current ship industry cycle, the ageing of the stock fleet is still high, and the trend of green fleet development has been determined that we have led to a decline in fleet demand without considering the restructuring of the trade; the global price level for new shipbuilding remains historically high and may lead to the acquisition of ships by shipowners
Decline of will; pulverized nature of new orders in the new ship-building market, with the possibility of short-term surges or decreases; prices perceived by some marketers as a forward-looking indicator of new ship-building orders, with significant fluctuations affecting orders and market sentiment; and the process of restructuring Chinese ships and heavy labourers in China is still in progress
In the middle, there is a possibility that the reorganization process will fall short of expectations. 1. Equity structure: China Shipping Industry Group remains the controlling shareholder, China Shipping Group remains the controlling owner: China Heavy Industry Group holds 13.98 per cent of the shares, making it the second largest shareholder.
On February 18, 2025, China Ship Industry Co. Ltd. (“China Ship”) held its first provisional shareholders' conference in 2025, which adopted 23 bills, including the China Ship Exchange Integration Programme and the China Ship Exchange Absorption Merging Heavy Industry-Related Transactions in China Report (draft).
It marks significant progress in the restructuring of China’s ships and heavy workers. With the completion of the merger, the number of shares held by the China Shipping Industries Group is expected to be 2,74,361,000, with a share of 26.71%; the China Ships Group controls the total number of shares held by the companies.
The stockholdings of the companies in question are still the China-China Industrial Group, the actual controlling party is the China-China Shipping Group, and the final controlling person is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The most significant change in the deal, based on the structure of the stockholdings, is the transfer of the former Chinese heavy industrial holdings to the Wuchan ships,
The Dalian and Qingdao North Sea shipyards have been incorporated into Chinese ships. When the deal is completed, Chinese ships will control seven of the nine major shipyards of the China Shipping Group (the main shipyards listed in figure 1 and chart 2 of the ownership structure of the 9 major shipyards, each with orders greater than 500,000 cgt at the beginning of February 2025) and will become the Chinese ship fleet.
The largest civil-military ship repair business of the Regiment is on the market platform, the largest ship manufacturing enterprise in China. Figure 2: Post-trading Chinese Ship Group stock structure (only collating major company equity relations) China Ship Group Limited
China Ship Industry Group China Ship Heavy Industries Group
China ship, China ship defense, China power.
Qingjia, overseas high bridge, boat Wong Wenyu.
Diesel vessels cgt. China ' s top 20 domestic shipyards held hand-held orders of approximately 5.7649 million cgt, representing a combined share of 64.35 per cent.
The Chinese Ship Group holds orders of approximately 29.948 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 33.43%. Of these, Chinese ships hold orders of about 27.934 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 13.42%; Chinese heavy labourers hold orders of about 36.403 million cgt, with a domestic share of about 9.46%; Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers together hold orders of about 29.491,000 cgt.
The combined domestic share is about 22.87%, with the highest number of new orders in the country. In 2024, China received approximately 47,443,000 cgt in terms of the number of new orders in cgt, and China’s top 20 domestic shipyards received approximately 29.87 million cgt, a total share of 62.96%.
Of these, China ' s new orders were approximately 5.109 million cgt, with a domestic share of 10.77 per cent; China ' s new orders were about 4.0370 million cgt, with a domestic share of 8.51 per cent; and China ' s ships and China ' s combined new orders were about 9.146 million cgt, with a combined domestic share.
In 2024, China completed the construction of some 21,857,000 cgt, and China Shipping Group completed the construction of some 6,818,000 cgt, with a domestic share of 31.19 per cent.
Vancgt, with a domestic share of about 7.68%; Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers combined, with a combined capacity of about 51.51 million cgt, with a combined domestic share of about 23.56%. Most shipyards are guaranteed twice as much in terms of production capacity as in the case of hand-held orders from ships under China’s flag.
Over three years, with an average of 3.24 years, the basis has been laid for China’s ships’ income and profits to grow. 3. Outlook: Intra-synergy efficiency gains are expected to accelerate the infusion of high-quality group assets into Chinese ships, which are expected to combine synergies between the two sides and achieve efficiency gains in operations and products.
After completion, China’s ships do not have a simple share in the assets of the shipyard belonging to China’s heavy labourers, but rather a single unit that integrates China’s ships and China’s heavy labourers. While regulating competition, China’s ships are expected to integrate through the professionalization of their core assets and operations, as well as technology, personnel, production capacity, customers, brands, and supplies.
Core resources, such as chains, are coordinated to fully exploit and combine synergies between the two sides, achieve synergies, focus on values, create, improve business efficiency and raise brand premiums, thereby further effectively enhancing the core competitiveness of Chinese ships and building a world-class ship manufacturing enterprise that is internationally competitive.
At the same time as China’s internal build-up efficiency, more high-quality assets, such as China’s own, are expected to accelerate the injection into China’s ships. The solution to competition is the only way to optimize the overall efficiency of China’s fleet of ships, enhance the overall competitiveness of the group, and build a world-class flagship ship-building enterprise.
A steady advance marks the acceleration of further large-scale asset and business consolidation. On January 25, 2025, Chinese ships issued a " Notice on changes in the commitment of shareholders in companies and actual controllers to avoid competition among their peers " , stating that it would be inappropriate to strip China from its assets in a listed company within three years of the date of the letter.
The company’s terms were injected into the market, and the board of Chinese ships that had been deposited with the company after the transaction proposed to inject China’s ships into China. On this basis, we judge that the year 2025-2028 will be the year of the consolidation of the assets and operations of the China Shipping Group, and that the high-quality assets represented by China’s name are expected to be injected into China’s ships, thus shaping “capacity integration and distribution”
The collective operating system of industrial collaboration, centralized R & D, integrated marketing” and the construction of the largest flagship ship manufacturing enterprise in China and the world.