(a) The continued overperformance of medical biomedical devices, the continued release of 2-price hpv, and the high growth in performance incidents: 22-year quarterly reports issued by the company, q1 achieving revenue of 3,171 million yuan (+284.9 per cent);
The two-price hpv continues to be released, with high performance growth. By section, we anticipate a high rate of growth in both the vaccine plate and the ivd plate. Based on the following judgement: Based on disclosure of the batch issuance data by the Central Court of Justice, we estimate that the 2-price hpv batch is expected to be issued in January-March.
There are currently low levels of Hpv penetration, the benefits of free Hpv vaccination policies for young girls of appropriate age in the country, and the ability of companies to boost their marketing capacity.
In April, the pre-enforced + July addition of the carton line was approved, with the company’s total capacity for Hpv vaccine at a two-priced price reaching a maximum/minimum of 30 million units/year. The company’s two-price hpv continues to sell at a high speed.
Growth. The high growth of the vd plate is expected to be associated with a significant increase in the demand for testing, and the rapid growth in the sale of raw materials in the company ' s new crown, Vantaa (603392), the market price hpv.
Demand release, high performance on schedule - domestic Hpv is unlikely to be implemented, Hpv vaccination procedures are not changed, marketable, Vantaa (603392) Power Market Extension
The impact of the two-priced hpv market demand release will be very small. Based on the following high performance growth - - 2021/10/28
Vantaa (603392) " 2-price hpv release 1) is less likely to be taken into custody for Hpv single needles in the country.
According to the Authority's historical adoption of the recommendations on hpv by WHO, we consider that the possibility of acceptance of a single needle method is low, mainly because its protective power is not adequately substantiated.
Ming. From a historical point of view, after two Hpv vaccines, gsk and msd were on the market, the proposal was to replace the precancer stage (cin) of cervical cancer with data on continuing infections as a clinical endpoint. The proposal was to reduce the time available for clinical trials of the Hpv vaccine, but.
The price hpv is a real guarantee of the vaccine’s protective effects. From this point of view, single needles are less likely to be accepted.
The market is first approved by the National Drug Control Authority. According to the domestic approval process, the market demand for Hpv is released at a price of two, and the industry has to produce the clinically protective data for the adult group (cin is the clinical end).
It will be possible to obtain approval by changing the way vaccinations are administered, but at the same time, as a result of the submission of new vaccination procedures, more data will need to be approved at the time of the review, resulting in a longer period of approval as a whole, with companies paying more time and cost.
Strong technology platforms, scarce Vlps vaccine technology platforms, and heavy-pound varieties are only natural results of heavy-pound technology platforms. The Vlps platform can bring better vaccines, a company’s unique global intestines.
The nuclear vlps vaccine system, which combines the immunological properties of the virus sampled particles, is good, safe, and breaks through the critical technical difficulties of the protein particle assembly of the original nuclear expression, with the perfect combination of production efficiency and immune effects.
Hepatitis vaccine, 2-price hpv, 9-priced hpv 3-clinic, new generation Hpv vaccine (in collaboration with gsk). Among the products studied, the most advanced is the 9-priced hpv, the third dose of clinical inoculation has been completed, and the first-to-first-one clinical trial with the 9-priced mershardon vaccine has been initiated.
Investing in the project: the company built a viral sample of the scarce nuclear expression system for colonella, the vaccine technology platform, breaking through the critical technical challenge of the original expression of protein particle assembly.
With the perfect combination of production efficiency and immunisation, in addition to the publicly available hepatitis and second-priced cervical cancer vaccine, the platform is currently undergoing three clinical trials with a nine-priced cervical cancer vaccine, which is being deployed to a new generation of cervical cancer and rotavirus vaccines.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.