2022q1 performance exceeded expectations, with a 2-price Hpv vaccine available for XO (603392) incident: companies published a first-quarter report in 2022, and 2022q1 achieved operating income of $3.171 billion
The company’s 2-priced Hpv vaccine has been expanded, with a total of 67 batches (+272%) issued by 2022q1, and is also increasing by more than six times the same year by about 7 million. The demand for new coronary tests continues to grow.
There has also been a significant increase in demand for reagent raw materials. On March 12, the company’s new coronary antigen > 2-priced hpv vaccine was equally sold.
The company’s two-priced hpv vaccine has a clear price advantage. In April 2021, a prefilled product line was approved, and in July, the production capacity of the Silin Bottle was enlarged, bringing the total capacity to 30 million units/year. With the company’s potential to dig deep and plan new lines of production, the second price of the Hpv vaccine was set up.
The product can be produced and increased; the promotion of local government preferential policies and the increase in the acceptance of the second-priced Hpv vaccine by the population are expected to move from three or four-line cities to one- or two-line cities, thereby increasing the overall market space.
More than 10 million copies have been sold, and given the smooth production and issuance process, we have increased our sales in 2022, and the project is progressing well and is expected to become the first national Hpv vaccine company.
In the field, the company's research and development pipelines are rich, and many products are well under way. Of these, nine-price hpv vaccine masters have completed the process of grouping and vaccination, and are expected to be marketed in late 2024 or early 2025 as the first country to produce a nine-price hpv vaccine; and the traditional dry water pox detoxification effort.
The vaccine has obtained the iii clinical trial study, the new frozen dry water pox detoxification vaccine (vzv-7d) is conducting the iib clinical trial, the nasal inflammation virus carrier new coronary pneumonia vaccine has obtained the South Africa iii clinical trial batch, and the 20-price pneumococcal combination vaccine has obtained the clinical test batch.
The company is well on its way to the harvest and is expected to increase significantly when the product is marketed Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the overperformance, we're moving the company up to 2022-2024.
The risk factor is: the spread and distribution of the Hpv vaccine is below expectations, and the product is under-developed.
\triangleright Lee Yu-ta, team member, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Academy of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
He was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport, who worked in clinical coro at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sindam Securities... in charge of research in the cxo industry, scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.