The net interest differentials have been rising on a quarterly basis, with a “double drop” in overdue lending indicators, March 28, 2018.
High profit growth before the provision, with net interest differentials rising quarterly. 17 years of net return to the mother ' s profit of $24,226 million, equal to 4.7 per cent growth, with profit growth rising brightly before the provision of the allowance of nearly 10 per cent growth compared to the previous period, and q4 single-quarter interest increases by season. Growth in size and interest spreads are driven by a 8.3 per cent increase in net interest income over the same period; fees and servants
The net income of the gold fell slightly by 0.6 per cent over the same period, with a major fall in the processing and commissioning business, but the bank card business grew rapidly, with a 12 per cent increase in fees and fees. The net difference rose steadily and continued the upward trend. The year-wide net difference was 2.21 per cent, an increase of 5bps compared to the previous three quarters, with interest in terms of profit growth.
For the first time in nearly three years, the difference contributed to the profit growth rate by “a negative shift”; the average surplus at the end of the first quarter of a single quarter showed that the q4 net interest difference continued to rise by 5 bps compared to q3 and increased profitability throughout the year. The annual rate of return on loans increased significantly by 13 bps compared to the first half of the year, with the increase in demand deposits driving savings.
At the end of the asset end: a new billion dollars in individual loans, credit resources have accelerated in favour of individual loans; housing mortgages, credit card loans and consumer loans.
Corporate assets have been significantly reduced by about 150 billion at the end of 16 years, and three consecutive quarters have been net. Investment assets have been largely matched by increased government and policy bank debt, reduced financial debt, and base and capital trust schemes, compared to the end of 16 years; non-target investments have been reduced by 10.3 billion at the end of September.
Continuing the low-cost advantage, there has been a slight increase in corporate liabilities: the size of deposits at the end of 17 years was 16.4 trillion, a net decrease of about 140 billion compared to the end of September, but the average daily balance has increased steadily to about 16 trillion.
Quantity (wind measured) is about 28 billion less than at the end of September, with “collaborative statements plus corporate liabilities” accounting for only 9%. Deposits at the end of the liability are at a high level of over 80%, and the quality of the liability structure is expected to continue its low-matching poor rate continues to decline, overdue loans are “double-reduced” and provision coverage continues to rise.
A good rate of 1.49 per cent, down 0.01 pc from the end of September, maintaining a downward trend for three consecutive quarters; Bad balance 1. Banks: How does the interest increase affect banks?
Billion; 40.3 billion in q4 single quarter and 13.9 billion in Ring Quantities, increasing the coverage by 8 pc to 171% from the end of September.
The ratio of loans for more than 90 days was 171 per cent, “new non-performing loans written off and transferred/repeated” was approximately 82.6 per cent, with a capital adequacy rate of 15.5 per cent, and the minimum regulatory requirement for the provision of coverage could be 3.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: continued improvement in the performance of construction banks, steady upswings in net profit spreads, high profit growth before profits and further enhancement of asset quality; stabilization of asset quality to the best of ratings; and slow growth in adverse generation
At the same time, there has been an increase in the scale of the provision and the resilience of the risk.