Annual Report 2017: one-season differential performance, prepayment, double-digit growth revalued, plate rating: stronger than the big market
The annual report of the construction bank shows excellent overall performance, with interest differentials and improvements in asset quality exceeding those of the industry. It is further released against the backdrop of 18 years of relatively strong demand for corporate finance.
Mainly, the regulatory influence is small, and the asset quality is better than that of the partner. The company's Roe leads the big business, the dividends rate (3.8 per cent), the one-season interest differentials are bright, and the return of net interest income contributes to improved performance. The 17-year net profit on the construction line is 4.7 per cent higher than in the previous year, which is what is expected. The four-quarter single-season net income difference is 2.22 per cent based on the closing balance of the period.
We believe that the continued improvement in the company’s second half of the year’s interest margin is largely due to a steady increase, and that the construction margin is expected to recover further. The profit margin, driven by the company’s four-quarters single-season net interest income, has increased by 16.8 per cent, the highest level in recent years.
Four quarters of the negative expansion slowed, and the size of the deposits contracted slightly. The construction of the bank slowed by 2.1 percentage points to 5.5% at the end of the previous quarter, compared to the previous quarter, mainly as a result of the contraction of assets in the corporate and portfolio categories.
There is still an advantage over small and medium-sized banks. Assets are of sound quality, and there is a marked recovery in their provision. The industry has a year-round negative rate of 1.49%, and the ring is down by 1 bp from the third quarter.
19bp. Bad construction recognition is strict, with less pressure on the overall future. Corporate q4 provision coverage and loan allocation will be further increased, thus increasing profit elasticity.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
One-season spreads are bright, and the recovery of net interest income is driving the improvement in performance
The difference of 2.21% is an improvement of 1bp on the same year, with a single interest gap of 2.22% per quarter for the fourth quarter and an increase of 5bp per quarter for the third quarter. We believe that the continued improvement in the company’s second half-year interest differential is mainly due to a stable debt structure and upwards of asset-end rates of return. The difference is expected to rise further.
The firm’s net interest income has increased by 8.3% year-on-year, and profits have increased by 10% year-on-year, as has been the case in recent years. The negative expansion has slowed down in four quarters, and the deposits have contracted slightly.
The construction of the fourth quarter saw a small increase of 0.3 per cent over the third quarter, a decline of 2.1 percentage points to 5.5 per cent from the end of the third quarter, and a decline of 9 per cent and 0.4 per cent, respectively, in the corporate and portfolio investment asset categories, with the loan ring growing by 1 per cent and remaining relatively robust. At the negative end of the debt, the fourth quarter was underperformed, with a 0.8 per cent decline in the ring, with the deposit structure showing a 1.4 per cent increase in current deposits compared to the end of the six-month period.
As a percentage point to 54.8%, we judge that the slowdown in the growth of deposits is related to the pressure on high-cost liabilities. The build-up rate is 9% year-on-year, performing better than industry, and considering 18 years of more competitive industry-wide deposits, it is expected that future deposit costs will show an upward trend, but the advantages of most small and medium-sized banks remain relative to those of most banks.
The fourth quarter of the construction industry continued its trend of improving asset quality, with an annual negative rate of 1.49 per cent and a decline of 1 bp over the third quarter. We measured the company ' s annual negative chemicalization rate of 0.74 per cent for the four seasons and an increase of 11 bp for the four seasons, but 19 bp for the same period is still improving the path.
Up to 59%. In the context of an improvement in asset quality, the company ' s provision is still high, with an increase of 25 bp to 1.26% in the cost of credit in the fourth quarter, an increase of 8 pct/11 bp to 171% in the coverage of the provision and the ratio of loans, and an overall improvement in the annual bank report, with interest differentials and improvements in asset quality better than those of the same industry. In the context of 18 years of sustained financial deleveraging,
Under this scenario, the builder’s accumulated large customer and government resource advantages over the years will be further relaxed against a backdrop of 18 years of relatively strong business financing needs.