Xiaokang's share (601127) car suv led by high performance, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) has a large and thin new energy supply.
• Improved product structure led to high performance growth. The semi-annual forecast of high growth was due mainly to two factors. The first was that, since the introduction of windlight 580suv on 20 June of that year, the continued heating of new vehicles has significantly improved the structure of the company’s products, with a significant increase in profitability. In the first half of 2017, windlight sold more than 14,000 vehicles in the first half of the month.
A cumulative 84,000 vehicles (41% of sales) a year, basically in line with our previous expectations. The model is a heavy-pound product that the company has worked out in recent years, with seven multifunctional and very high value for money, with the potential for sustained heat sales.
There has been a marked increase between 35,000 and 65,000 in the price range, which has significantly improved corporate profitability, and a firm investment in new energy vehicles is being developed, boldly, and on the ground. We maintain the previous view that new energy vehicles are an opportunity for companies to break the pattern and build the core growth point of the future.
A closed loop around the new energy industry chain, including 1) the company is working hard to build up 50,000 new vehicles per year, with a total investment of over $2.5 billion in the future; 2) the fully-owned firm sfmotor is already operational in the United States and has hired Mr. Martin, the former Tesla Technical Director, as a consultant.
We expect the company to be able to launch one or two high-performance new energy subv logistics vehicles in 2019, waiting for policy optimization. As a result of the 30,000-km operating restrictions on new energy logistics vehicles.
The length of time, the profitability of the industry, and the company’s temporary strategic contraction of the logistics block business. However, the power of the new energy logistics car has made the downstream demand strong and the supply and demand wrong, and we expect that in 2018 the subsidy policy will be optimized, with the logistics car industry spending on the company’s new energy logistics product.
Xiaokang's share (601127): the main industry is growing in reverse, doubling and maintaining an “enhanced” rating.
3. Xiaokang shares (601127): Solid New Energy Motor Road Line, positioning high-end manufacturing (2016-12-21)
Since its launch on 20 June 2016, the company has experienced a significant structural improvement in the structure of its automobile products, with a marked increase in the price range between 35,000 and 65,000 of the company’s mpv model, resulting in a significant improvement in the company’s level of profitability. No one has ever received, and will not receive, direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.