The high-end electric vehicles are expected to grow faster than expected in the traditional automobile business - Xiaokang shares (601127) reported in mid-2017.
The reason for the rapid growth in corporate performance is that the surge in sales in the company’s new car-style super-cities, 580 super-cities, launched in June 2016, has led to a significant increase in the company’s single-car sales price and the Maori rate. At the same time, the company’s three-for-one fee is significantly lower, reflecting the company’s excellent governance capacity.
> Core competencies will continue to enjoy the car penetration dividend, starting with the motorcycle boom spring, which has been in place for more than 30 years. The company moves into the car field, starting with the microcar segment market, and continues to climb all the way to the successful landing of a share in 2016.
Compared to the 300-indicator trend, the unit is able to manage enforcement, product quality and cost control, occupying the top three major markets in the micro-car market, which is very profitable and highly competitive. The market is followed by a market segment of the suv market, where the product is transformed and growing, with companies playing a role in three and four.
The company plans to launch new cars in the second half of the year, such as a 580-channel, 560-dollar, and 370-year-old. The company is expected to continue to enjoy a new model in the future.
Prospectively, a high-end electric vehicle that buys high-quality assets has been launched, and the company has acquired the pure electric motor vehicle production qualifications issued by the National Development Commission and has been formed, including Tesla's founder.
During the reporting period, the company signed an Asset Acquisition Agreement with the American old car manufacturer, amgeneralllc, for the company's research, production, supply and sale of all-value chain industrialization for the company's new energy electric cars in the United States.
The company’s high-end electric cars are expected to be developed and marketed 14 times and 11 times, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Liu Zhenwoo, the head of the large machinery team, the master’s degree in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business and Industry, University of Qinghua, and an expert in automobiles, mobility and aftercare. He was in charge of marketing in the North as head of a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in the country, and has two years of business experience in the post-car market, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, power-filling stake and o2o automobile services.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
Xu Lingeun, assistant research assistant in the automobile industry. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of professional experience, focused on smart cars, and research in the field of new energy cars. Joined in 2015, author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.