The net difference is higher, and the negative rate is lower - the three-quarters of the BP bank report reviews the company ' s net profit from the previous three quarters increased by 11.90% over the same period, and the rate of increase is as expected.
Roe 13.76 per cent, a decrease of 21bp over the same year; annualized weighted roa of 1.00 per cent, an increase of 5bp over the same year.
In the first three quarters, we measured a cumulative net difference of 2.08 per cent, a slight increase of 1 bp over the first half of the year. In the third quarter, the net difference was 2.09 per cent, with the ring rising by 2 bp. The increase in the single-season net difference was mainly due to the contribution of a single-season rate of return on interest-bearing assets, with the ring increasing by 8 bp. While the increase in corporate lending in the third quarter was inclined towards paper, the high-yield retail lending was higher.
The steady growth of the money continues to boost asset-end earnings performance. A single-season interest-bearing liability cost ratio has increased by 7bp, judging mainly by the impact of three quarters on the loss of public demand deposits.
\triangleright has a low rate of re-innovation, 1.76% at the end of the third quarter, with a 7bp drop in the ring. Risk resilience increases, with a 2pc to 159% increase in the provision coverage ring.
1.72%. The slowdown in poor generation and the reduction in credit costs are the main contributors to profit growth in three quarters: capital abundance, asset acceleration, three quarters of successful corporate debt sustainability of $30 billion, core-level capital adequacy and capital adequacy rates
In October, the company completed the release of the fungible debt, which will continue to be partially supplemented by first-level capital. The efficient use of capital is the point of view for the future. By the end of the third quarter, the company’s output rose to 11.52 per cent at the same rate, returning to double-digit growth, and subsequent asset growth could increase.
The impact of net interest differentials on profits has increased on a year-on-year basis. Because the net rate differentials increased faster during the same period last year, the contribution of three quarters of interest differentials to profits has diminished. Companies maintain a smooth rate of profit growth by lowering credit costs and increasing asset acceleration.
Retail loans boosted performance, asset quality improved.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure that the reports are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,