A steady growth in performance, with the expectation that the Saaring gold mine will contribute to the growth of the energy - the mid-term gold (600489.sh) incident evaluation report; the annual gold report 2024 and the first quarterly report 2025: the company 2024.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn had a significant increase in q1 performance in 2025.
Long kinetic energy 1, " Central gold " (600489), q2 performance 2024 q4, and 2025 q1 mine copper production of 1.99, 189,000 tons, respectively
794 tons of mountain copper, 396.2 million tons of electrolytic copper; 72.55 tons of mineral silver, 253.02 tons of electrolytic silver; 161.76 million tons of sulphuric acid and 31 million tons of iron ore; 33.5 tons of new gold metal resources and 120,000 tons of copper metal resources.
The company ' s priority construction project is well under way, and the deep resource extraction project of Inner Mongolia Mining Corporation has completed the first phase of the project and is operational, yielding a cumulative gain of $8,596,000; the construction of the gold-save gold mine in Lai County is being carried out in an orderly manner and the sarge gold deposit is in progress.
In the 2024 annual reporting period, the company has invested cumulatively 1,024 million yuan in construction projects. To raise gold prices, the company’s new Saaring gold mining project is steadily moving forward.
This period has led to an increase in the volume of home-grown minerals, an upward profit forecast that maintains a “buy-in” of 1 million gold prices; 2) a fall in the value of gold produced by companies; 3) a fall in construction of new projects; and 4) safety and environmental impacts on gold mining, etc.
Presentation by the Colored Group of the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, with a six-year experience in new energy research.
I did not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.