The rise in the price of thallium metals drives performance, the increase in mineral gold is time-limited The mid-term gold (600489.sh) event: the company published its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025. The company achieved operating income in 2024
65,556 million yuan, an increase of 7.01 per cent over the same period; net profit of 3,386 million yuan on shareholders belonging to parent companies, driven by higher metal prices, driven by growth in corporate performance: company production and operations remained generally stable during the reporting period, with mineral gold of 18.09 tons, smelting gold of 37.78 tons, mineral copper of 8.27 million tons and electrolytic copper of 3973 million tons.
Loss of 205 million assets due to impairment of the goodwill of the Kuisheng mining industry, and, mainly due to non-mobility, the company produces 4.51 tons of mineral gold, 8.48 tons of smelter gold, 189,000 tons of mineral copper, and enhanced access to resources for the construction of prospecting, mergers and acquisitions, and the injection of the “Triple One” resource additions in the first quarter of the year
B. Corporate growth is expected to become more visible: during the reporting period, the company firmly adhered to the Resource Lifelines strategy, further intensified its efforts to increase the storage of prospecting, and deployed prospecting projects in three directions: mine search, border mapping within existing mine rights and prospecting in blank areas, and screened resource potential
In addition to being an insider, the company will also improve the mechanism for the operation of the enterprise’s resource M & A, establishing a unified chain of command, and establishing a unified chain of command.
The company’s future mineral production is expected to increase with the gradual completion of the gold-save gold mining project in Lei County and the injection of gold-soldier mineral resources from the major shareholders.
The company’s evaluation report _ Central Gold: The High Price of Gold and Copper – the company’s metal production guidelines for 2025: the company’s plan to produce 18.17 tons of mineral gold in 2025, smelting.
q2 performed at an all-time high of 35.3 tons of gold; 7,94 million tons of copper from mines and 39,62 million tons of copper from electrolysis; 72.55 tons of silver from mines and 253,02 tons of silver from electrolysis; 161,76 million tons of sulphuric acid and 31,000 tons of iron concentrate.
The risk of a significant drop in the cost of work; the risk of less than expected sales of company mineral gold and copper from mines; and the risk of less than anticipated progress in the company’s new construction projects. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.