High-base performance resilience, forward-looking indicators of need Events: Wave Information Three Quarterly Report released on the evening of 30 October 2025, 3rd quarter before 2025 \triangleright
\triangleright is new, with 25q3 maintaining a modest decline in performance under a high performance base.Focus indicators such as inventory, contractual liabilities, etc. are optimistic, and the demand for arithmetic is expected to remain positive.
\triangleright maintained high growth, and the demand climate in the supporting industry remained high. Cost controls were strong, and the Māori rate was lower than in the previous three quarters of 2025.
\triangleright  + 8.0 per cent, the company still maintains robust cost inputs when the rate of growth exceeds 40 per cent.
On September 26, the 2025 Artificial Intelligent Computing Conference (aicc) was successfully held at the Beijing China Village Exhibition Centre. At the conference, wave information was directed to the smart body age, and wave information (000977.sz) was reported in mid-2025:
Two innovations, the meta-cerebral sd200 supernodeai server and the meta-cerebral Hc1,000 super-extensionai server, have regressed significantly, with forward-looking indicators showing a constant increase in the system, and the ai reasoning leading the domestic server has taken the lead into the "10 milliseconds, 1 dollar" era.
Wave information (000977.sz) Quarterly reporting points in 2025 Surrounding artificial intelligence + landing, working with many ecological partners to create several innovative eco-combines and focusing on the following: 25q1 performances are record high and forward-looking indicators continue to be high
All-terrain intelligence products and solutions to open up a coordinated ecological layout that accelerates the ecological construction and completion of the ai industry Growth 2025/05/05 4. Wave Information (000977.sz) Tri-quarter 2024 reporting point
Investments are expected to remain high, and companies are well positioned in the area of servers, and we believe that the current company estimates that q3 income is at an all-time high, and that there is still room for raising the value of high stock growth certifications and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
5. Wave information (00097.sz) performance for the third quarter of 2024
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.