Production costs and capital spending advantages are driven by rapid and sustained growth in fuel and gas reserves.
The company, registered in Hong Kong in August 1999, is China's largest producer of marine crude oil and natural gas and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production enterprises in the world.1 The company's main cost advantages and profitability are evident.
The company's oil and gas production costs have decreased considerably in recent years, with a significant cost advantage: in 2024, the average production cost of the company was only $29.56/bpb, the median oil was $33.08/bpb, the median petrochemical was $38.41/bpb, and the main cost of production was the lowest of the three barrels of oil;
The Division’s cost of production is comparable to that of the United States’ leading shale pipeline, which is more competitive internationally. The advantage of the cost of oil and gas production has led to the company’s excellent profitability, with net profits from barrel oil amounting to $27.19 per barrel in 2024, and the development plate for petroleum and petrochemical exploration in China.
Net profits were $8.69 and $15.20 per barrel, respectively.2 Corporate capex levels remained high, supporting a steady and shared growth in storage output.The corporate capex expenditure levels were relatively advanced, and continued to be capex in recent years.
In 2024, the company capex reached $18.8 billion, nearly twice the annual production level of Confield Oil ($9.7 billion). The high level of capex brings company basics to the company.
The advantages of oil and gas reserves and resource availability underpin the company’s long-term, high and sustainable growth in subsequent oil and gas production.3 Companies have a certain valuation advantage over international hydrocarbons.
The company’s pv-10 valuation is significantly lower than that of the vast majority of international hydrocarbon companies, and the company’s oil and gas reserves are not fully represented.
According to eia projections, the future international crude oil market continues to be relaxed in terms of supply and demand, and international oil prices are expected to collapse in the short term.
We expect companies to achieve business income by 2025/2026/2027, geopolitical risks, risks of large fluctuations in crude oil prices, macroeconomic downturns leading to less than expected demand, faster energy transformations, and significant changes in the supply side of regional policies.
First, the main cost advantages of company barrel oil production are evident, mainly from operating cost lines, and 1.1 from company barrel oil production, with significant cost control effects in recent years.
The company is China’s largest producer of marine crude oil and gas and the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production enterprise in the world. The main business is the exploration and exploitation, production, and marketing of crude oil and gas.
Production costs are excellent and competitive nationally and even globally. Horizontally, the average production cost of a company’s barrel oil equivalent in recent years has been the lowest of the “three barrels of oil” and its advantages are evident; it is comparable to the production costs of America’s main shale oil taps, and is more competitive internationally.
According to our earlier oil industry in-depth report entitled " Cost data for crude oil taps: guiding the oil price base space and dynamic investment strategy " , the distribution of production costs into operating costs, depreciation amortization, sales management costs and oil taxes was harmonized, of which the depreciation amortization represented the largest share of the company ' s production costs, followed by operating costs and barrel oil taxes.
The company’s annual report discloses, in addition to the uniform four costs, the disposal fee, which is a more specific cost of production, which is not reflected in the company’s annual report. This is because, according to the Government’s Interim Regulation on the Management of the Disposal of Hydrocarbon Production Facilities at Sea, a charge is made for the disposal of all cooperative oil fields in China and is divided into months.
The savings are accounted for as non-current assets. But, with the rapid growth in public production of hydrocarbons, the average cost of disposal costs is less than $1 per barrel, with less impact on overall production costs.
Figure 3: Lower cost of company disposal costs 2012-2024 Average major cost of company production of 2025h1 further reduced: operating cost only $6.76/bail. Depreciation amortization $13.89/bpb, sales management cost $1.91/bpb, disposal cost $0.73/bpb, total barrel oil production
This is $26.2 per barrel. In the report " Cost data for crude oil taps: guiding oil price bottom space and dynamic investment strategies " , we discussed in detail the impact factors of the various cost items, comparing the cost items of the company with the changes in the operating costs items that we found to be the companies.
The reason for this is due to improvements in the company’s production technology and controls on the company’s cash costs. Although other companies have decreased their operating costs over the period as a result of technological improvements and cost controls, data show the most significant decline in their operating costs, gradually bridging the gap with other companies in the same industry.
In terms of depreciation costs, the unit depreciation cost is influenced by the ratio between the cost of the asset and the proven reserves, and therefore the impact is more complex. Changes in oil prices can affect the assessment of confirmed reserves and hence depreciation costs; the acquisition of hydrocarbon assets by companies can also affect old costs. In recent years, the cost of depreciation between “three barrels of oil” has been very similar to that of the leading shale oil company in the United States.
The cost of oil taxes for three barrels of oil does not differ significantly from the cost of oil taxes, and the cost of oil taxes for companies is slightly higher, mainly because of the nuanced differences in taxes applied by companies when operating in different regions of the world.
In addition to the impact of the revenue collection policy on the cost of taxes (e.g., special revenue entry point from $55 per barrel to $65 per barrel effective 1 January 2015), the main factor influencing the cost of oil taxes is the price of crude oil.
2.1 The company ' s oil and gas production growth has been steady and rapid, with a clear advantage over the production structure. In recent years, the company ' s production of oil and gas equivalents has grown very rapidly and steadily, and the rate of production growth has been more marked, maintaining a high stabilization rate from 889,000 in 2012. In terms of the oil and gas production structure, the company ' s liquid oil production is about 70 per cent.
From within China, and in recent years, the share of oil production within and outside the country has remained relatively stable and unchanged. With regard to natural gas, the share of domestic natural gas produced by companies has risen from 60% to nearly 80%, as a result of the country’s vigorous development of clean energy sources, such as natural gas, in recent years.
The oil and gas production structure is one of the more important factors affecting the performance of a hydrocarbon company, since gas production is disclosed on the basis of barrel equivalent production, with a barrel equivalent (boe) equal to about 6,000 cubic feet (mcf), which translates the price of natural gas into only about $20 per barrel equivalent, which is much lower than the current crude oil price.
Crude oil has also declined, but overall, the higher the ratio of oil production to liquid oil, and the higher the level of profitability of the counterpart companies, so in terms of output structure, the company's liquid oil production is relatively high, at close to 80%, and its oil and gas is more prominent than in several former oil companies in Central America. In contrast, historical data on oil, petrochemical oil and gas ratios in Central America show that, with recent years, it has been on land and old oil.
The gradual depletion of field resources, and the vigorous development of clean energy such as natural gas and corporate development strategies for “stable oil and gas”, have seen oil and petrochemical oil and gas production fall year by year, and natural gas production has risen over year by year. Companies also have a certain advantage over major shale oil companies in the United States, oil and gas.
2.2 The company ' s capex-level industry is leading, and lower-price capital spending remains high. Upstream oil and gas mining operations are known to be capital-intensive operations, requiring high capital costs (capex) to be sustained from geological exploration in the previous period to the construction of the platform ' s pipeline in the medium term and from continued mining operations in the later stages.
At a level, crude oil companies’ capex expenditures are a very important indicator of the company’s aggregate strength. For China’s major crude companies, such as Western oil, Canfield oil, Middle oil, and China’s petrochemical exploration plates, capex’s expenditures were highly correlated with crude oil prices that year.
Cost or capitalization affects the company's performance, so the vast majority of companies choose to lower capex to stabilize corporate profit levels in years when oil prices are lower and increase their exploration and exploitation in years when oil prices are higher
Figure 14: Capex (millions of United States dollars) and oil prices for the calendar year of Cumpy Oil Figure 15: Capex (millions of dollars) and oil prices (right axis) Figure 16: Capex (billions) and oil prices (right axis) for the calendar year of Central petrochemicals
Figure 17: The company capex (millions of dollars) and the price of oil (right axis) for 2011-2024, while the company capex expenditure has been rising year by year since 2017, and capex is gradually becoming less affected by oil prices, showing a trend away from the limits of oil prices: even though international crude oil prices have declined more markedly in recent years,
The company has maintained an increase in capital spending. In terms of capex, China’s oil is at a higher level in the industry, compared with Confi oil, which produced 193 kb/day in 24 years, and Kanfi oil, which produced 1987 kb/day, while China’s corresponding capex amounted to $18.1 billion, compared to $9.7 billion and only about half of China’s oil.
Average barrel oil equivalents of $25.67 per barrel per year, capex. 2.3 High level capex provides resource reserves and lifetime advantages that support long-term high growth in production, as detailed in our previous report Oil Supply Depth (II): Performance and Prospects of Major United States Shale Oil Companies
It is described that capex is more correlated with the net increase in reserves, and that capex will have a greater impact on the increase in the reserves of crude oil companies' hydrocarbon assets. The current level of capex is not sufficient to sustain the current high yield and output growth over the long term, the theoretical life of the oil and gas resources of the United States shale oil companies (confirmed).
There has been a marked decline in developed reserves/annual production. And companies have increased capex levels of input in recent years, and the theoretical life of hydrocarbon resources has improved markedly, high levels of capital spending have increased dry storage and sustainable hydrocarbon resources have been effective and important, and this is an important basis for companies to sustain high and stable growth in oil and gas production, both now and in the future.
Figure 20: The theoretical life of the company's reserves and capex (Billions of Dollars, Right Axis) Figure 21: The theoretical life of Western oil and gas reserves
The higher level of capex expenditure was accompanied by a higher level of profitability; the company's net profit on barrel oil equivalents remained a leading and significant advantage in the “three barrels of oil”, with net profits in 2024 exceeding $27 per barrel, profitability X, and expected ease of supply and demand in the future international crude oil market, with the company having a valuation advantage
3.1 The future international crude oil market will be less expensive in terms of supply and demand, and oil prices will be reduced by shock. Current global crude oil market supply and demand patterns will remain relaxed, stocks of crude oil and petroleum products will continue to accumulate, and stocks of crude oil and petroleum products in the United States will rise to high levels in the same period of almost five years. According to eia projections, global crude oil supply and demand will continue between this year and next year.
In terms of oil prices, the price of Brent crude oil has fallen since this year, under the influence of fundamental and geo-political conflicts: the average price of tar was $69.3 per barrel in the third quarter of 25 years, and the ring increased by $1.3 per barrel (+1.8%) over the second quarter, largely driven by geo- and macro-reducing expectations, but down from last year.
$11.2 per barrel (-13.9%). Taken together, future international Brent crude oil prices in the short and medium term will either collapse under a combination of geopolitical shocks. Figure 23: Average quarterly Brent crude oil prices (US$/barrel)
3.2 The company ' s valuation is lower than that of the major international hydrocarbon companies, with a certain valuation advantage. The pv-10 valuation is the United States SEC-mandated method for assessing the value of the oil and gas company ' s exclusive reserves and is a commonly used indicator for assessing the company ' s value in the oil and gas industry; from this indicator data, the value of the company ' s current business as compared to the value of pv-10 (ev/pv-10) is limited to:
With 0.84, significantly lower than the vast majority of international hydrocarbon companies, the company’s oil and gas reserves value is not fully reflected. According to the company’s annual report, in 2024, the company confirmed that it had developed reserves of 2,49 billion barrels of oil, 5895 billion cubic metres of natural gas, 72 million barrels of synthetic oil and 118 million barrels of asphalt; in 2024, the company confirmed that it had not developed reserves of 1,823 million barrels of oil.
Drums, natural gas, 417.0 billion cubic feet, synthetic oil, 456 million barrels, and asphalt 250 million barrels. The company’s valuations for oil are about 20-50% lower than those for oil companies like Confi, Western oil, Exxon Mobil, Chevron, Shell, etc.
Revenue from the company’s main business is divided into three panels, the oil and gas sales section, the trade block and other business income sections, in which the profits from the trading section are trade revenues from the sale by the company and its subsidiaries of crude oil attributable to foreign partners under the oil product-sharing contract, and from the sale of oil and gas through its subsidiaries.
At the same time, the price of the company’s crude oil sales is largely based on the price of the international base oil, with the company’s base oil prices largely tied to Brent’s prices, depending on market changes.
The prices of tar are close and highly correlated. Figure 28: Corporate revenues are almost entirely derived from oil and gas sales (millions of dollars). Figure 29: Company sales are highly correlated with the prices of tar.
To achieve production of 384.6 million barrels, the target annual production rate is almost complete; 562.9 million barrels of oil liquid and 87,031 million cubic feet of natural gas will be sold in 2024. According to the company's “stable gas growth” strategy, the company's future oil and gas equivalent production is expected to increase steadily, with a slight increase in gas production in the oil and gas production structure and oil sales.
Prices have fallen slightly with the price of tar, and, as the international crude oil market is in a mode of easing supply and demand, it is expected that the average price of corporate oil over the next three years will be 1, geopolitical risk: geopolitical events such as the Russian-Turkish conflict and the Middle East conflict will have an impact on the supply and demand patterns of crude oil.
The impact on international crude oil prices and the consequent risk of sudden geopolitical events.2 The risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices is that crude oil prices are more vulnerable to volatility by more factors, that future crude oil prices3 and that the macroeconomic downturn results in less than expected demand: crude oil demand is more macroeconomically affected and likely to be induced by macroeconomic downturns.
The global demand for crude oil has fallen short of expectations, with the risk of falling crude oil prices.4 The accelerated energy transformation process, with new energy sources replacing traditional hydrocarbon energy sources: many countries are now implementing low-carbon economies, and if the process of energy transformation is not accelerated, new energy sources will be more alternative to traditional hydrocarbon energy sources, with higher crude oil prices.
5. New technologies bring down the cost of crude oil significantly: as technologies such as crude oil exploration and exploitation continue to improve, so will the cost of crude oil extraction. The emergence of new and revolutionary technologies in the future in the crude oil industry could lead to significant changes in crude oil production costs.6 Regional policies pose a significant risk of supply-side changes: regulation of regional policies in oil-producing countries could bring international crude oil supply ends.
The larger impact, the OEC+ national crude oil production increase, the reduced production plan, and the United States policy bill on the export and import of crude oil all have implications for the direction of international crude oil prices.