Medical biology, Heung Swe medicine (600276.sh) - into a new cycle of drug delivery, internationalization continues to accelerate.
The Heung Swe medicine was created in 1970 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000 to focus on the development, production and promotion of innovative international pharmaceutical enterprises for high-quality drugs. Over fifty dollars, 135052430002.
The pressure collection has been largely adjusted. The company has undergone three years of pressure-release adjustment from 2020 to the present, and now the company's weight is triangleright.
Only iodized Buddhists, heptafluoroaltanes, Bootorphine, etc. are not included in the collection, and given that these products may be included in different batches in the future, overall performance is expected to be reduced after 2023. The company ' s 2023 semi-annual report reveals that generic revenues are largely flat, and sales of new generics are increasing more significantly than ever.
Innovative R & D pipelines are well-structured, or are about to catch a new harvest. The company now has 17 innovative drugs on the market, including Haetrapopa, \triangleright.
Over 20 innovative drug lines are in the iii or Nda phase, covering a wide range of areas such as tumors, self-preservation, metabolism, and major slow diseases, and are expected to receive 10+ in 24 years \triangleright.
International clinical trials, of which the “double AIDS” combination for first-line treatment of liver cell cancer was accepted by fda in July 23, with a target review date (pdufa) in May 2024. For overseas bd, the company worked in five separate external authorizations in 2023.
The mandated collaboration is the first time that a company has entered into strategic cooperation with a multinational giant pharmaceutical company, and it is an important milestone in the development of its internationalization strategy. In the follow-up pipeline, a variety of glp1 orals/her3adc/cd79badc/krasg12d are innovative, advanced, and have the potential to go to sea.
\triangleright’s pressure has largely cleared and has entered an era of full innovation, with 17 new varieties and large and abundant 1) expected to receive more than 10 innovative medicines in 24 years, including large varieties such as l17a monooplasty and jak1 inhibitors.
3) The 23 semi-annual report of the reference company, i.e., that generic pharmaceutical revenues are almost equal, considering that uncollected products may be included in the different batches in the future, it is expected that overall performance will be reduced by clustering after 23 years, with subsequent imitation projects focusing only on high-end imitation varieties that are synergistic with innovative medicines and of core value, and that the imitation of pharmaceuticals is expected to grow slightly over the long term.
1) The aggregate pressure has been largely adjusted. Currently, only iodized Buddhists, heptafluoroaltanes, Bootorphine, etc., are not included in the company’s heavy-weight generics, and the company’s reliance on generics is expected to decrease gradually in the future, with a steady release of concentrated shocks. 2) The innovative R & D pipelines are fully configured or ready for a new harvest.
More than 20 innovative drug-control lines are in the iii or Nda stage, covering a full range of diseases, and 10+3 are expected to be approved in 24 years) and internationalization continues to accelerate.
On the other hand, the strategic collaboration with Merck in October 23 was the first time that a company had worked with a multinational giant drug dealer. The potential for seaboarding a continued innovation of the heavy-pound pipelines is high.
Heung Swe was founded in 1970 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000 as an innovative, internationalized pharmaceutical company focused on the development, production and promotion of high-quality drugs.
The development of new drugs in the fields of anti-cancer, surgical drugs, autoimmune diseases, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, etc. is one of the most innovative pharmaceutical leaders in the country.
Innovative drugs have arrived at the harvest, and new drugs such as sulfur Pephigstilten injection fluids, cytani, pd-1 antibodies have been approved for the market.
2008-2016. A rich line of research, bringing new drivers of growth. Innovation transformation.
In 2018, Innovative Pulse Pulse Figstiltsten, Pulse Dynamite, and the Illustrated Medicines shifted from imitation to innovation, and tried to use the License-in and License-out models.
Accelerating the pace of research and development of innovative medicines and financing of research and development
Marlon was approved for listing, in 2011, the innovation drug Ereshabu was approved for listing, and Eli, in 2020, the innovation drug fluorine perli capsule was placed on the market.
The original target was to put on the U.S. market “only make the first copy” of the injection fluid, to achieve tumors, anaesthesia, etc.
In 2021, the import substitution of the innovative meds, Himbopa ethanol tablets, and Hengles • In 2012, the Osali platinum injection was approved for listing in the European Union
Net films, Dar Silly films are on the market. In 2014, the innovative drug Apadaloni was on the market. In 2022, the innovative drug Riviluam tablets, Limplise were approved.
• In 2003, the patented innovative drug Ere Schribb was approved for clinical treatment. In 2015, the Carrill Jewellery Bill was authorized to incyte; in 2006, the internationalization strategy was introduced, i.e., the counterfeiting of pharmaceuticals.
In 2023, the innovative drugs Adberli, Rigretine and Otconon were approved for sale in Japan.ezh2, tslp, cldn
New drugs like 18.2dc+parp1 were authorized to go to sea in 2024.
• In 2000, the Shanghai Stock Exchange was listed by a number of factors that led companies to experience a painful period of performance: 1) According to the company's 2022 report, since 2018, companies have had 35 different varieties of generic medicines for State-owned centralized purchases, with 22 selected varieties, with an average price reduction of 74.5 per cent.
2) In 21-22 years, the price of the country’s negotiated products fell considerably, with the price of the main product, Carrelei Pearls, falling by 85% in 21 years, and the price of the Acetamines fell by 68%. In 22 years, the average price of multi-innovated medicines, such as Apadeni, Rama Qalun, and Sea Quappa, fell by 33%. 3) Repackaging environmental factors, such as the epidemic, put a certain amount of pressure on the intake and prescription of products.
It is now out of the throes, with clear performance points and into a new cycle of innovation growth. Since 2023 q1, the company has grown in revenue and profit data for three consecutive quarters, with clearer performance points, and, according to the company ' s annual 2023 semi-annual report, the generic pharmaceutical revenues are almost equal, adding up to the volume of innovation, and the performance is expected to continue to grow.
Increased integration of resources and promotion of efficiency gains. Companies have moved into one structure through the consolidation and reduction of low-performance offices; strict management of office personnel, streamlining of low-performance sales personnel and increasing per capita single production; and enhanced management of sales support systems, marketing financial systems and efficiency in marketing operations to ensure corporate efficiency gains.
High R & D inputs provide sustained innovation support for companies. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company invested $3.72 billion in R & D, and the aggregate impact was largely released. According to the company ' s annual 2023-month report, generic pharmaceutical revenues are almost equal.
For gradual release, the sales of company surgical anaesthesia, photography, etc., as well as of new generics on the market have increased significantly over the same time period, but, as in the case of pharmaceutical collections, there is still some pressure on sales.
But the variety is an anaesthetic product with a certain combination of defensive properties. Butorphinno: three of them have been evaluated and are not satisfied. Chart 6: Data on sales of corporate heavy-pound generics/Billion dollars.
In the future, the products are likely to be included in the various batches, and overall performance is expected to be reduced after 2023. The company’s dependence on generics is expected to decrease gradually, and the aggregate impact is expected to be released steadily. Currently, the company is on the market with 17 innovative drugs, of which Dar Silill is the first national cdk4/6 inhibitor, Riviru.
Sea Quappa is a new generation of tpo oral drugs, listed in 2021 and included in the health insurance, and 2023 is expected to continue accelerating. Sea Quebopa ethanolamine (single) is the company's autonomously developed oral small molecule non-peptide plate-generation receptor.
(tpo-r) Accelerants. On the infrastructure of the first generation of tpo-r accelerants, the Haicupa has carried out a series of modifiers with high selective tpo-r accelerants with high efficiency and low toxicity characteristics.
Adaptive, first negotiated in 2021, incorporated into the National Health Insurance List, successfully renewed in 2023, and four clinical test studies are under way in Haetrapopa, three of which are in three stages of clinical treatment: reduction of cremates due to chemotherapy, first treatment of heavy regenerative disorders, sexually anemia, and reduction of child immunosolesis.
In December of that year, breast cancer was approved for positive and her2 negative endocrine treatment; in June 2023, co-authors were approved for hysteria or anachronism-line treatment for hr positive and her2 negative breast cancer.
Breast cancer was the first malignant tumour in the number of female cases in China, and 420,000 new cases of breast cancer in China in 2020, with the highest number of Asian-type breast cancers in the country, accounting for about 70% of all breast cancer cases in China.
629% were pre-menopausal at the time of diagnosis, while Ursili could be used to fill unmet clinical needs for all pre-menopausal and post-menopausal patients.
The first patient was admitted to the group in April of that year and is still being recruited. Cdk4/6 inhibitor end-of-life first-line adaptive studies, with the highest middle pfs in the Dar Sili region. Shr6390-iii-302 included random 456 subjects, with a mid-test pfs of 30.6 months and a middle of the control group.
Pfs are 18.2 months. The clinical focus is on the incidence of severe adverse effects, the incidence of ae disinfection and heat deficiency, which is lower in Dar Sili than in the same drug; in non-haematological adverse effects, hepatic enzymes in Dar Sili are abnormally lower than in other drugs, liver safety is better, and level 3 diarrhoea is not observed.
Figure 9: Medium-pfs comparison data for first-line adaptive studies of cdk4/6 inhibitors that companies continue to expand their adaptation to marketed innovations and are expected to extend the life cycle of their products. Apateni focuses on joint treatments, and many have entered clinical phase three, including hepatic cancer aids, first-line gastric adaptive cancers, etc.
Ne, Apadeni, etc. treats a variety of tumour adaptive disorders in three clinical stages. Innovative varieties such as Fluorine Pali, Dalsili, Adberi mono-opause, and Sea Quappa actively expand new adaptive conditions.
The company now has over 20 innovative drug lines in the declaration phase or three phases, which are expected to be marketed in the next 1-3 years. Corporate R & D pipelines are increasingly diversified to include metabolic, self-responsible, slow-disease and complex products in addition to oncological tubes, many products are in the lead, and the company expects at least 25 innovative drugs/adaptations to be available by 2025.
New drugs are on the market, covering several areas of disease treatment. With new innovations on the market and access to health care, we believe that the company’s performance is expected to accelerate a new cycle of growth. 4.1 Oncology tubes: multi-purpose multiple-target coverage, positive layout in the adc area
Adc targets are comprehensive: companies not only have market-tested hot spots, but also a number of emerging targets, with differentiated advantages, including her2, trop2, cd79b, claudin 18.2, her3, nectin-4, c-met, etc.
The company's performance has grown stronger in the accelerating wave of adc research and development. Adc's ability to get out of the sea has gone a long way: in October 2023, Heung Swe announced a collaboration with Merk, Germany.
Assets include parp1 inhibitors hs-1167 and cldn18.2adc drugs shr-a1904, which is the first time that the company has collaborated with mnc, and the internationalization of the bd level has taken a significant step forward. Many products in the subsequent adc pipeline have a bit potential and are expected to bd out of the sea.
In the oncology tubes, except adc, Farmitoni (multi-target cheese sulphatic inhibitor) and hr20013 (nk-1ra (ezh2) inhibitor) are in three stages. In the early tubes, they cover lag3, Krasg12d, protac, nuclear drugs 4.2 metabolic tubes: glp1 multi-package, focusing on large-scale markets
In the metabolic pipe, the target drugs hr17031 (insulin/glp-1), hrs-7535 (glp-1) and hrs 9531 (glp-1/gip) are in phase 2 of the clinical phase.
hrs9531 is the new type of dual receptor agonist glp-1 and gip, whose injection type is undergoing weight reduction and type 2 sugar urinary clinical trials. In March 2024, the clinical trial application for hrs9531 oral tablets was accepted by cde. Domestic competition patterns show that Bori medicine, Heung Swe medicine, Hensen pharmaceuticals, and the popularly developed double-target glp1 product are entering the ii clinical phase.
hrs-7535, a new oral small molecule, glp-1ra, supports a daily delivery, and is expected to overcome the inherent liver metabolism of the small glp-1 molecule. In February 2024, rehydration was approved for a ii phase of clinical research. 4.3 Rheumatized immune tubes: multi-products are about to be commercialized, and there is wide space in the country.
The company has a comprehensive layout in the field of rheumatism immuno-diseases.
\triangleright's listing application for the treatment of strong straight spinal disease was accepted in February of 24.
Three imports of il17 against the market, national production of which Hsien-Sraie and Ji-Shang Jin-tae are in the Nda phase, progressing, Emma Chan-Teone (jak inhibitor): listing application for the treatment of ultra-heavy leather inflammation was accepted in June 23; \triangleright \triangleright
The listing application for the treatment of strong straight spinal disease was accepted in August 23; the listing application for the treatment of rheumatological arthritis was accepted in November 23. In addition, ulcer colonitis, silver crumb arthritis, trophies, etc., adaptive units such as the 4.4 main slow pathology line: the domestic Great Blue Sea market, comprehensive layout of multi-disease areas
The company is fully organized in the area of chronic diseases, covering cardiovascular, anti-infection, ophthalmology, breathing, pain, kidneys, gynaecology, etc.
Drugs such as hr19034 drops of eye fluid (atropine) are in three stages of clinical phase. As ageing increases, the country has the largest proportion of chronic diseases, and according to the State Council Opinion on the Implementation of Healthy China Action, chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and chronic kidney diseases account for more than 70% of the total burden of disease.
There are more than 130 million people with diabetes, 330 million with cardiovascular diseases, and about 120 million with chronic kidney problems. Chronic diseases often face co-morbidity and end-of-life risks.
5. Internationalization, opening the sea to valuation space The company insists on autonomous research and development and open cooperation and strengthening international cooperation on the basis of endogenous development, reaching out to overseas markets and accelerating integration into the global drug innovation network through leading international partners.
The Division ' s strategic planning and research and development decision-making drive the global market for innovative medicines, hiring Jiangning Army as the company ' s deputy director-general and chief strategic officer responsible for internationalizing the company ' s innovation medicines, clinical research and business outreach. At the same time, Sun Yuen, Zhang Lianshan, and Jiangning will form a strategic decision-making group with overall responsibility for corporate strategy and research and development decision-making.
In October, the authorized collaboration with Merck on parp inhibitors and claudin18.2adc was an important milestone in the development of Heung Swe’s internationalization strategy, and the first strategic collaboration with a multinational giant drug company. Six of the innovative drug products are in the clinical ii phase.
The first line of anti-hepatocyte cancer treatment with Apateni has submitted a listing application to the fda, which was accepted at the end of July, with a target review date (pdufa) of May 2024.The Division is working on the pipeline and is expected to receive over 10 innovative drugs in 24 years, including il17a monocelectomy, jak1 inhibitors, etc.
2) The 23 semi-annual report of the reference company, i.e., that generic pharmaceutical revenues are almost even, and considering that uncollected products may be included in different batch collections in the future, overall performance is expected to diminish after 23 years, with subsequent imitation projects focusing only on high-end imitation varieties that are in synergy with innovation and have a core value, with a long-term imitation of the expected small increase in pharmaceutical operations.
Risks of failure in clinical research and development: there is greater uncertainty in the development of innovative medicines, a higher rate of failure in the ii to iii phase due to the underperformance of treatments, a higher number of subjects and an increased number of influences in clinical trials can lead to failure in the development of clinical data in the ii phase.
Risks of deteriorating patterns of competition: while firms’ core layout products are relatively advanced, they are clinically well-positioned by competitors, with the risk of worsening future patterns of competition. Marketing risks are not as high as expected: product sales are subject to their own characteristics, competitive patterns, sales teams, industry development, etc.
Industry policy risks: Increased access to innovative medicines for health care, combined with the impact of the epidemic’s expenditure in recent years, increased pressure on health funds over the years, which may lead to under-predicted prices for drug negotiations and risk of being affected by industrial or regulatory policies.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.