Once again, the innovation drug has become a new engine of growth, waiting to be launched. 1.3 Business plates focus on hot spots, high-prevalence areas break through the 1.4 business model, with higher operating costs.
1.5 years of industry-wide deep farming, high R & D efficiency + sea pace leading the construction of deeper barriers to competition 1.6 Governance structures are perfected + diversified capital market instruments are coupled with a path to sustained corporate development Main business: companies are mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of chemical drugs
(b) Performance: the company's financial data for the last three years have been informed of the company's performance \checkmark
Basicly consistent, better beta, slightly weaker alpha; steadily falling costs, rebounding profitability, very low leverage, very healthy finances.
• Focusing on high-prevalence areas, such as breast, lung, digestive and urinary cancers, has been successful in transforming innovative medicines from generics to first-rate generics
The deep layout pain management, the new drug, the rheumatole, is expected to replace the acceleration with national production, and the Hing Swe 5 is overrated, and the other plates are wide-ranging and are about to harvest.
There are a number of therapeutic areas, such as immunisation, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, resistance to infection.
Heung Swe’s typical R & D-driven enterprises can only support future performance earnings if they are continuously marketed for innovative medicines. R & D is super-consumptionary and has a certain risk of failure, and the business of chemicals is not too good, and must be continuously invested in R & D and marketing costs to sustain operations.
The whole industry chain layout, company lines cover R & D, production, sales, international recognition of R & D power.
Accumulation of brands and marketing channels over the years can be, in 2023, a 5-point external authorization, a perfect governance structure, coupled with diversified capital market instruments, to strengthen the path to sustained corporate growth.
(a) The establishment of well-established governance systems, such as shareholders' congresses, boards of directors, supervisory boards and management of operations, for more than 20 years, without much attention from regulatory levels and exchanges;
Repurchase, in line with the performance guidelines of the latest employee holding plan, the company earned $20.8 billion in 2026 as an indication of its internal confidence in future development.
2.5 Innovative medicines have a fragmented pattern of competition, and Heung Swe has a clear lead in medicine. Iodine follol has been evaluated by only two of its users, it does not meet the criteria for collection, and, for the time being, it has been evaluated by only three of its members, and it does not meet the criteria for collection.
Six heptafluoroalkanes have been evaluated, the company has a large market share and a variety of narcotic products with a certain combination of defensive properties.
Butofino sales (million yuan)
##17 Innovative drugs are on the market, and 20 years later, there's a clear acceleration □ hepatic cancer, breast cancer in a variety of layouts
High levels of cancer, stomach cancer, prostate cancer, etc.
Beds. Bd authorizes an advance of millions of yuan, which represents nearly half of the total revenue, to build a leading edge;
91 stocks of clinical projects, 9 applications for new medicines, supporting sustained growth in corporate performance  China's population ageing is accelerating, driving the increase in the size of the pharmaceutical market, and spending on medical consumption is more varied and higher than in the United States
\checkmark Space. China spent only $2460 per capita on health care in 2023, the size of the global pharmaceutical market
The scale of China's pharmaceutical market 3.1 Heung Swe medicine is currently not cheap from pe valuation 3.2 R & D failure + progress in internationalization is the greatest risk to Heung Swe.
Performance has become more visible and therefore enjoys a valuation premium.
According to past experience, the development of a new drug requires investment.
With billions or even billion, the R & D cycle of 5-10 is at the heart of the sustained growth of pharmaceutical companies, with slow progress over the years, and if it fails, it consumes much more of the company's resources.
Medicines as a human and life health track, the government's innovation medicine is currently the largest consumer at the end of the hospital, so whether or not it is covered and whether it is fast after admission.
The industry is more carefully regulated, and once the policy changes have created new uncertainty for pharmaceutical companies. Integrity is not guaranteed.
The information, opinions, etc. in this report are for the information of investors only and do not constitute a service to bid for or bid on the sale of any securities or other financial instruments, or to make any investment policy recommendations. These letters, opinions, etc. do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report.