GPR (000651) Household appliances q1 with overperformance and still value options
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2018, which generated a revenue of 39.560 billion yuan, an increase of 33.3 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 5.58 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 39.0 per cent over the same period.
• Benefiting from the replenishment cycle and maintaining a high rate of growth in revenue collection. According to industry online, the 18q1 air-conditioning industry had 39.9 million sales, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same period (internal sales + 23.8 per cent, external sales + 4.4 per cent), and industry sales continued to grow at a high base in 2017.
We expect that the company will continue to grow at a high rate in April-June of each year for air conditioners. • The Māori rate has fallen in tandem with the cost of sales, and the profitability of the company remains strong.
30.9 per cent, a decline of 3.5 pp over the same period. On the one hand, the low overall Māori rate has been driven by an increase in the share of exports with a relatively low Māori rate; on the other hand, return payments by companies have resulted in a decline in Māori rates in proportion to the cost rate, with gross, net interest rates and three rates remaining relatively stable at 14.2 per cent, an increase of 0.6 pp over the same period.
With strong technological reserves and ample capital, the company has been actively engaged in a diversified transformation based on good air conditioning, starting with smart equipment, smart people.
The new energy sector has emerged, with hundreds of products such as digital control machines, robotics, and photovoltaic air conditioning. At the same time, companies have been active in expanding overseas markets, winning last year’s World Trade Center in Phoenix, United States of America, successfully opening up the United States market and now covering 22 countries and regions.
A broad, diversified and globalized strategy will boost firm performance, assuming, first, that the air-conditioning market continues to be released, that the company is the leader of the industry, and that the volume of air-conditioning sales is expected to continue to rise steadily, and that the Maori rate is assumed to be two: successful roll-out of new products and steady growth in sales and the Maori rate;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.