The sales end continues to be good, and high growth is expected to continue with the GW billions, an increase of 44.87 per cent over the same period, and an increase of eps 3.72; of this, operating revenue of $37.412 billion over the fourth quarter, an increase of 44.59 per cent over the same period, is realized.
With a net profit of $6,941 million, an increase of 65.58 per cent, and an increase of $1.15, the East’s financial and intellectual boom has benefited from the high profile of the industry, and the company’s revenues have grown rapidly.
Under the influence of the low base background, intra-company sales increased by 47.78 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by $9,452 million, or 47.64 per cent. Moreover, industry concentration and average prices increased further, with companies leading the industry accounting for 32.9 per cent and 36.8 per cent of air conditioners sales and sales in 2017, respectively, up by 2.6 per cent and 2.4 per cent, respectively, with companies increasing their average prices by 6.1 per cent and increasing their prices by the same amount.
Advance payments increased by more than 40 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase in receivables. Corporate collections grew rapidly during the reporting period, with receipts increasing by more than 40 per cent over the same period, receivables increasing by more than twice, and, against a background of industry boom in 2017, quarterly air conditioners continued to grow at a rate of 23 per cent, sales at a better end, and dealers actively remained at a higher level and provided for subsequent revenue-end growth.
Net interest rates have risen, and profitability has increased further. While companies have experienced a certain decline in the Māori rate across the product lines during the period, influenced by negative factors such as the rise in raw materials prices and the appreciation of the renminbi, net interest rates have increased by 0.85 during the reporting period, reflecting the company’s greater profitability and resilience to raw-material fluctuations under the overall economies of scale.
Figure 5: Māori sales, Figure 8: Cost of sales, administrative and financial costs
During the reporting period, there was a rapid growth in corporate revenue, with the prospect of a continuation of the high climate in 2018, with the company now stocked well, dealers being more motivated to prepare, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is the top ten prize (seventh place). The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is the research opinion of Yang Yang, who studied it himself. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on its content in an objective and impartial manner, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies