The company jumped off the top of the world's tax-exempt island in 2020, and the tax is going to Hong Kong for the future of the profit core - China Central Free (60188.sh)
Cao Xute issued a quarterly report in 2021: $18.13 billion in 2021q1, an increase of 17.5 per cent in the same year; a net return of $2.85 billion, an increase of $2.87 billion over the same period last year, reversing the loss (the same period last year - $200 million).
Company intended to be listed in Hong Kong: On 21 April, the Board of Directors adopted the Bill to Empower Company Management to Start a Company to Issue Foreign Stock (h-stocks) on Listed Abroad and to List on the Hong Kong United Exchange Limited for Preparatory Work, which is currently under discussion with relevant intermediaries, and the details of which have yet to be determined.
In 2020, the company jumped to the top of the global tax exemption, with a significant increase in its performance mainly due to: 1) the outbreak of duty-free off-island operations and greater profitability than other tax-free industries; 2) active expansion of online operations, including the purchase of cdf members Hainan, direct mail from Japan and cross-border power vendor operations such as cdf members: 3) and the signing of tickets to aircraft
A one-year rent supplemental agreement with a minimum/ceiling price significantly reduced the cost of sales.a A significant increase in sales (the tax rate is lower than the tax rate); 2) relatively high levels of Maori after leaving the island’s New Deal
In general, corporate profitability continued to increase steadily in 2020, while capital profitability continued to grow and investment value increased. The net interest rate on corporate homecoming was 11.7% in 2020, an increase of 2.2pct over the same period last year;
Of this amount, Tria Sea Bay achieved revenues of 2,132 million yuan, an increase of 103.7 per cent, compared with the previous year; mother ' s net gain of 2.9.7 billion yuan, an increase of 108.9 per cent; mother ' s net interest rate of 13.9 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pct, compared with the same period last year. Sea ' s gains of $9.91 billion, an increase of 23.5 per cent, and mother ' s net gain of $660 million, an increase of the same rate.
1. China ' s Quantities Review: q1 performance in 2021, based on the results of our model calculations, is expected to achieve a net return in Sanya Sea Bay, which is largely consistent with the expected duty-free maintenance of the high profile from the island.
In-depth study of China ' s companies: tax-free gold competition, Shanghai Japan (Shanghai airport + Japanese direct mail) registered revenues of 13.33 billion yuan in 2020, a decline of 9.4 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother, 1.250 billion yuan, an increase of 177.5 per cent in the same year; net interest rate to the mother, 9.1 per cent, the same rate as last year
The main reasons for this are: 1) the impact of the epidemic has resulted in a significant decrease in revenue from the lower door shop on the Shanghai airport line, and the impact of the direct mail operation (taxed sales) as well as a reduction in the Māori rate. 2) Shanghai airport rents have been significantly reduced, lower sales costs and higher net profits.
Based on the results of our model, it is expected that the Shanghai airport will collect 1.8 to 2 billion yuan from the mother net profit - 1.6 to 50 million yuan; that the direct mail camp will collect 11.7 to 11.9 billion yuan from the mother net profit - 1.2 to 1.4 billion yuan; and that China will receive 3.200 billion yuan from China in 2020 (the capital airport plus Dahin airport plus cdf members).
According to the results of our model, it is expected that 9 to 1 billion yuan will be collected off the Beijing airport (the capital + the big boom) line and that the mother will receive 1 to 8 billion yuan; and that Cdf members on the line will receive 2.2 to 2.3 billion yuan.
Company 21q1 has lost more than 20q1 and is still at a higher level of profitability, but performance has been slightly lower than previously expected in the city, and we expect to be hit mainly by tax-free sales off the island, while the capital, Guangzhou airport, is still at full guaranteed rent, while the Hainan tax concession policy has not yet been implemented.
Other duty-free operations (under the capital airport line, Shanghai airport line, Guangzhou airport, Hong Kong airport, etc.) earn $66.6 billion.
For companies to be listed in Hong Kong, we believe that this may have had a far-reaching effect, but it could provide more efficient financing for the expansion of the company's tax-exempt scheme, help companies better organize their overseas markets, match global resources, and make up for the short list of offshore shops.
The investment strategy: the company is influenced by market style in the short term, and stock prices fluctuate, but the company’s performance growth is high, growth logic is clear, and as a tax-free leader, benefits first and foremost from the super-highness of the tax-exempt industry.
The company “buy-in” rating is maintained if 15% of the business income tax benefit in Hainan Province is taken into account starting in 2022, while the dollar is not considered for the time being, corresponding to the latest pe, 54/37/27, respectively.
According to the latest statistics reported by the International Tax Free News (dfni) and Moody, the company ' s ranking jumped from the fourth highest in the world in 2019 to the first highest in the world in 2020.
Since July 2020, with the introduction of the New Deal for Exemption from the Island, the company’s tax-exempt operations have grown at a high rate, while tax-exempt operations from the island are more profitable than other tax-exempt operations. In order to reduce the impact of the epidemic on the airport’s down-to-door operations, the company has made timely adjustments to the type of operations and has actively expanded the lines of operations.
Businesses, including tax and cross-border power providers, such as cdf members buying Hainan, Japanese and Japanese direct mail, and cdf members, are more profitable than offline airport duty-free operations.
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, there was a sharp drop in the flow of customers below the tax-exempt line, with companies actively promoting sales and discounts and tax-free commodity sales revenue of $32.36 billion, a decline of 30.3 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 44.9 per cent to reduce the impact of the epidemic.
Figure 2: Company tax-exempt & revenue from sales of taxed goods (in billions of yuan, per cent) The company ' s Māori rate was 40.6 per cent in 2020 and the main business Māori rate was 40.2 per cent, which is down from the same period last year, mainly due to: 1) significant growth in the sale of taxed commodities (the tax-exempt Māori rate is higher than tax-free sales)
Low), the share of companies selling duty-free goods has declined; 2) post-island New Deal, restructuring of sales categories, relatively high interest rates, the share of perfumed sales has declined, while the share of low Maori luxury goods has increased; 3) promotion of various types of marketing has continued to increase in corporate profitability in 2020, while capital profitability continues to grow and investment value continues to grow.
Increases. Net interest rates for corporate parentage in 2020 were 11.7 per cent, an increase of 2.2 pct over the same period last year; and rose was 27.5 per cent, the largest decrease, with a 15.1 pc decrease in comparison, mainly due to a supplementary rental agreement with Shanghai airport, which led to a significant change in profits due to non-principal operations, which affected the company in 2020.
There is a certain backlog in inventory categories, such as tobacco rolls, and based on the precautionary principle, the company reported a total decline in stock prices in 2020 of $29.96 billion in China South (ex-island tax exemption) in 2020, an increase of 12.5 per cent: Māori rate of 28.4 per cent, a decrease of 6.0 ptt compared to the same period last year.
There has been a significant increase in duty-free off-island operations. At the same time, the company has expanded off-island duty-free operations, with a significant increase in sales of taxed goods, an upturn in sales of low Maori luxury goods and various promotional activities, which have led to a decline in the overall rate of Maori on the Hainan plate.
Of this amount, Tria Sea Bay achieved revenues of 2,132 million yuan, an increase of 103.7 per cent over the same period; mother ' s net gain of $2.97 billion, an increase of 108.9 per cent over the same period; mother ' s net interest rate of 13.9 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pct over the same period last year; sea ' s gains of $9.91 billion (excluding wholesale cut-off points), an increase of 23.5 per cent over the same period; mother ' s net gain of $660 million, an increase of 168.8 per cent over the same period;
Based on the results of the calculation of our model, the return of the wholesale deduction point is expected to result in a net return of $5.4-5.7 billion and a net return interest rate of 25-27 per cent for the Sanya Sea Bay; and a net return of $1.2-1.4 billion for the Sea is expected to be avoided.
In Shanghai, Japan (Shanghai airport + Japanese direct mail) a total of 13.73 billion yuan was collected in 2020, a decline of 9.4 per cent over the same period; a net gain of 1.250 billion yuan, an increase of 177.5 per cent over the same period; a net interest rate of 9.1 per cent for maternity, an increase of 6.1 pct over the same period last year;
The direct mail operation, which carries out a hedge segment of the epidemic, has taxed sales, while sales revenue as a percentage of Piti have also reduced the Māori rate. 2) Rent supplement agreements with Shanghai Airport have resulted in a significant reduction in rent rates, lower sales costs, and higher net profit and interest rates for mothers.
In Japan (the capital airport + Dahin airport + cdf member purchase) a total of RMB 3.20 billion was collected in 2020, a decline of 57.2% compared to the previous year; the net profit loss to the mother was RMB 790 million. * This is mainly due to ongoing negotiations between the company and the capital airport for rent, which is still being fully covered under the original contract agreement.
Based on the results of our model calculations, it is expected that the Beijing airport (capital + big boom) will collect between $9 billion and $1 billion, which will be reversed from the above data and $3.9 billion (Hiannan) from other tax-free operations (Hongzhou + Hong Kong + others).
Partially calculated using the Sea Bay 21.3 billion + Sea 9 billion + net gain of 14 ~ 900 million yuan. 1,221 q1 compared to 20 q1 to maintain a high temperature of duty-free access to the island. ~2021 q1 collected $18.13 billion, an increase of 127.5 per cent, compared to 2.85 billion net profit from the mother.
During the same period of the year, 2.87 billion yuan was added, reversing the loss to a surplus (20q1:-020 million yuan and 1.9q1:2.31 billion yuan); the net profit from deductions to the mother was 2.83 billion yuan, an increase of 2.95 billion yuan (20q1:-120 million yuan and 1.9q1:15.9 billion yuan) over the same period of the previous year. (Same data are adjusted retroactively and below)
Four pcts more than the whole year 2020, with a sustained increase in profitability. The cost for the period of 2021q1 was 12.2%, down 34.5 pct from the same period last year. The sales cost rate of 2021q1 was still at a higher level of profitability, but performance was slightly lower than previously expected in the market, and we expect it to be the main.
The capital and Guangzhou Airport are still charged the full amount of the guaranteed rent due to duty-free sales off the island, while the Hainan tax policy has not yet been implemented (25 per cent for corporate income tax and 15 per cent for preferential policies).
Online sales (up-to-date mail + other cdf online platforms) amount to $3.54 billion, or about 12% of the net interest rate for mothers. Other duty-free operations (under the capital airport line, Shanghai airport line, Guangzhou airport, Hong Kong airport, etc.) earn $616 million.
(b) The rental of 21q1 at Guangzhou airport is estimated to be approximately $270 million, with a projected loss of approximately $150-250 million; and the rent at Shanghai airport is projected to be about $200-300 million, with a projected loss of approximately $50-100 million, in accordance with the replenishment agreement.
On 21 April, the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopted a bill authorizing the management of the company to initiate preparatory work related to the issuance of offshore foreign shares (h shares) and their listing on Hong Kong United Exchange Limited.
The details of the negotiations between the relevant intermediary agencies and their publication on the market have yet to be determined. The company’s intention to go to Hong Kong is mainly to: 1) establish an international capital platform for the long-term development of the company; 2) provide efficient financing to take advantage of the current development opportunities of duty-free off-island and return from offshore tourism consumption; 3) sequester offshore.
(d) Finance, which facilitates the acquisition of firms abroad and the development of internationalization; (4) the introduction by companies of international top-level institutional investors, the further improvement of corporate governance; (5) the enhancement of the international visibility of companies, the creation of internationalized brands, and the further consolidation of companies' leading role in tourism retailing.
We believe that, despite the potential impact of going to Hong Kong, it would provide more efficient financing for the expansion of the company's tax-exempt scheme, help the company better organize its overseas markets, match global resources, and compensate for the number of offshore shops. Early placements abroad are also preparing for a full recovery of its future travel abroad, helping the company to continue to sit still.
In 2020, the company fully seized the dividends of the liberalization of the tax-exempt policy on the island, and in off-island tax-exempt operations:
At the end of 2020, the San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop opened, and since then the company has included the two main airport channels of Hainan in its entire portfolio. At the same time, the company has successfully acquired 51% of the shares of the Sea Free Company, adding three tax-free excursion stores from the island.
To achieve full coverage of tourists from Hainan Island, through increased business space, new brand stores and additional drop-out windows, as well as through the introduction of simplified in-house shopping processes such as sweeps, fast purchases, and the continuous supply of consumer shopping and consumer consumption.
The city's international tax-free city project is progressing steadily, completing the construction of underground structures in the tax-free shopping malls, tops of the main framework of steel structures on the ground, etc., and is expected to open in the second half of 2022.
In response to the epidemic, the company quickly adjusted its strategy in 2020, with important airport channels such as Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou running online operations. In addition, the company successfully won the first number and the largest number of concessions in several priority cities, such as Qingdao, and the number and size of exit duty-free shops in the country.
In terms of intra-city tax-exempt operations, companies have made steady efforts to expand their overseas projects by establishing strategic partnerships with priority cities to provide future intra-city stores. In terms of offshore tax-exempt operations, the Hong Kong-Australian tax-exempt stores are actively exploring new business practices such as online and cross-border operations.
In 2021, the company will continue to focus on tax-exempt owners: Deep Far South off the island duty-free market, with the objective of maximizing the goods, the lowest prices and the best services, and consolidating the advantages of accelerating the development of online integration platforms, creating a single specialized operator and achieving on-line business integration
(b) Actively exploring tax-free service innovations under the new retail model, interacting online and offline, and providing consumers with a full range of shopping services after moving in the middle of the road to enhance their client experience;
(a) Expanding key tax-free channels, including bidding for major city airport duty-free shops and intra-city duty-free shops, in preparation for the liberalization of tax-free policies within the city;
(b) Further upgrading of corporate supply chain management, including: accelerating intelligent supply chain development, adding additional warehousing resources, optimizing the integrated layout, focusing on the development of projects at the Hainan Logistics Centre, etc.:
Further upgrading of online operational capacity and business operations management, including: building integrated information systems across the business-wide process, optimizing the functions of the assembly platform, creating high-value passenger flow portals, etc.; advancing the construction of the International Free City Project in Haiguchi City and the Sanya International Free City Project Phase 2 site.
The project for the Retail Retail Retail Complex, which combines the city’s duty-free shop layout, actively promotes the construction of a cultural and travel complex in priority cities in the country, so that taxes are not the core of the complex. While companies are subject to market style and stock prices fluctuate in the short term, the firm’s performance has grown with certainty and growth logic.
Clear, and as a leader of duty-free operations, first and foremost, continues to benefit from the super-highness of the tax-free industry. Starting in 2020, Shanghai airport’s rent has been significantly reduced, and negotiations with the capital’s airport – including the big boom – are expected to come down this year, when the capital’s rent recovery will have a positive impact on company performance.
The concessionary policy has not yet been implemented, and if a 15% income tax policy (formerly 25%) can be implemented in 2021, six months of cross-border travel is expected to start, but full recovery will take some time. By seizing this window, companies can continue to enhance their advantages in terms of commercial prices, brand and sku abundance, supply of goods, and service experience, and will continue to do so in the future.
In the case of China Province, 15% of corporate income tax benefits have been taken into account since 2022, while the macroeconomic downside of Beijing airport has not been taken into account for the time being: uncertainty about the development of the epidemic: changes in tax-exempt policies: increased competition in the industry.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.