In China, tax-exempt (60188.sh) was increased by 55.83 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2021, companies achieved a gross operating income of $18,134 million.
One billion yuan, equivalent to a loss (202001 net profit to the mother - 120 million yuan). Three or four quarters of a year, profit growth was significantly higher than income growth, as measured by single-quarter data, with 20q1-4 operating income of 76.36, 116.73, 158.29, 17,458 million yuan, respectively.
The rate of increase in profits is significantly higher than the rate of income growth in the New Deal for Hainan Island, where total tax-exempt income fell in 2020, and tax-exempt income rose by a hundred million yuan throughout 2020, representing an increase of 34.09% over the same year, and a 40.22% Māori rate, a decrease of 11.01pt over the same year.
Tax-exempt and tax-bearing sales of goods amounting to $32,361 million and $19,708 million, respectively, with a change in comparison to $30.31, the impact of the new crown epidemic, with a sharp decline in the same number of customers, while companies increased their sales promotion discounts, resulting in a decline in tax-exempt income; and, at the same time, they benefited from the company ' s innovation development line.
The company has risen to the top of its tax-free world, and has continued to refine and optimize its layout. The company’s brand advantage in the tax-free industry has been further enhanced by the company’s acquisition days in China, Shanghai, Shanghai, and China.
With the strong impetus of the Hainan Free New Deal, companies achieved RMB 52.6 billion in operating revenue in 2020. According to the latest figures from the International Tax Free News (dfn) and Moody, the company's ranking jumped from the fourth place in the world in 2019 to the first place in the world in 2020.
In China, the 2020 and 2021 quarterly reports were avoided. Companies achieved gross operating income of $52,597 million, an increase of 8.20% over the 2020s, operating income of $52,597 million, an increase of 8.20% over the same year, and net profit of $6,140 million for the mother, an increase over the same period.
In the first quarter of 2019, income from business, net profit from maternity and net profit from non-diversion increased by 32.44 per cent, 23.55 per cent and 78.31 per cent, respectively.
At the same time, on 21 April 2021, the company convened the twelfth meeting of its fourth Board of Directors to consider the bill to authorize the management of the Department to initiate the issuance of offshore foreign shares (h-stocks) and their listing on Hong Kong United Exchange Limited for preparatory work.
Discussions on the listing of Exchanges Limited and details on the listing of this issue have yet to be determined. (i) Three or four quarters of the year has clearly recovered, with profits growing at a significantly higher rate than revenues. The company's annual and first quarterly reports are largely consistent with the disclosure data from the previous performance report.
There has been a significant increase in tax-free company operations off the island, as well as a reduction in rent payable at Shanghai Airport, lower sales costs, a marked increase in profits over the first and second quarters, a slight recovery in the third and fourth quarters, and a significant increase in profits over the revenue growth rates as a result of a tax-free New Deal in Hainan Island. From single-quarter data, 20q1-4 companies earned 76.36, 116.73, 158.29, respectively.
(ii) The total tax-exempt income fell in 2020, and the company ' s industry in Hainan Island was a tourist industry, mainly engaged in tax-exempt operations during the reporting period. The company ' s tax-exempt business consisted mainly of wholesale and retail operations for duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc. In addition, the company was involved in the development of a business complex with tax-exempt operations at its core.
Some of the duty-free stores far from the distribution centres, taking into account transport costs, are shipped directly by the suppliers to the duty-free shops of the companies and then to the tax-free stores of the companies.
Sales are given to visitors entering or leaving China. Billions of dollars, 34.09% more than the same year, while the Māori rate is 40.22% lower by 11.01pt. Of this, tax-exempt, tax-bearing sales score -6.81, 0.99pt. The same source of free shop customers has fallen significantly as a result of the new crown epidemic, while companies have increased their sales discounts.
As a result, tax-exempt income has been rising at a lower rate; at the same time, as a result of the company’s innovative development line of operations, it has been actively promoting the sale of taxed goods, and the sale of taxed goods has increased significantly.
With the effective prevention of the domestic epidemic, especially the introduction of a new policy of duty-free Hainan Island in the second half of the year, the company took full advantage of the policy opportunities to move deep off the island’s duty-free market and significantly increased the tax-free business in Hainan Island. The tax-free shop in Sanya grew by the same amount as 103.7% and the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company grew by 108.87%; and the tax-free company earned by the same amount.
(iii) The company leapfrogs to the top of the global tax-exempt, with continued precision and optimal layout The company's fully-owned subsidiaries in 33 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions (including Hong Kong and Macao), Cambodia have established nine major types of airport, aircraft, border, foreign ship supply, passenger terminals, railway stations, diplomats, cruise ships and citywide
More than 200 duty-free shops have grown into the world’s most exclusive and single-country retail outlets. The fully-owned subsidiaries of companies, as China’s tax-exempt industry representatives, have a high profile among large brand suppliers, and have a higher profile in the country’s tourist shopping market.
China, Shanghai, China, and China have increased their branding advantage in the tax-free sector. In August 2020, the company’s “Middle and Middle Group” brand, valued at $83,659 billion, ranked first in the tourism service industry, according to the World Brand Laboratories “China’s 500 most valuable brands in 2020 (XVII)” list.
The company achieved RMB 52.6 billion in operating revenue in 2020, thanks to the powerful impetus of the Hainan Free New Deal. According to the latest figures from the International Tax Free News (dfn) and Moody, the company’s ranking jumped from the fourth global ranking in 2019 to the first global ranking in 2020.
In order to mitigate the impact on the tourism market, Hainan Province launched a number of initiatives to coordinate the prevention and rehabilitation of the epidemic and a strong recovery of the tourism economy. According to Hainan Province,
In 2020, China received 645.509 million domestic and foreign tourists, bringing total tourism revenue to $87,286 million, making it one of the best areas for the country to recover from tourism. In accordance with the guidelines of the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, with the consent of the State Council, the cumulative tax-free quota per person per year was raised to $100,000, and the single commodity was eliminated.
Tax-free quota of $8,000; seven new categories of duty-free goods, such as natural honey, tea and tea products, alcohol, mobile phones, etc.; no limit to 30 items, four items of mobile phones, and not more than 1,500 milligrams of alcohol, except for cosmetics, where the goods purchased need to be carried off the island at once. With the further liberalization of the duty-free policy in Hainan Island, the duty-free market in Hainan Island is growing rapidly.
In 2020, the Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project was officially opened and complemented by efficient linkages with Sanya International Free City, resulting in an experiential approach of tax-free and tax-free, shopping and leisure, business and culture-friendly, and the completion of the Melanes Airport.
The signing of the t2 tax-free shop concession and the establishment of three additional off-island tax-exempt experience shops have provided consumers with a more diversified shopping experience; the successful acquisition of 51 per cent of the sea-exempt company ' s shareholdings and further improvement of the company ' s operations at the duty-free market in Hainan; and the addition of the San Yung airport duty-free shop, which opened at the end of the year and was used for visitors from Sanya off-island.
By the end of 2020, the company had five off-island duty-free shops, three duty-free experience shops in Hainan Province, and now the largest tax-free business complex in the world, Sanya International. At the same time, the company was building a larger international tax-free city in Hainan.
Project, expanding the company’s tax-free business layout in Hainan; work has now been completed on the underground structure of the tax-free shopping centre, on top of the main frame of the steel structure, and on the project’s construction as a whole, in an orderly manner. The company is fully seized of the policy opportunities offered by the Hainan Free New Deal, and is well advised to move deep off the island’s duty-free market, and continues to push.
After the New Deal, the company worked hard to secure the supply of best-selling commodity purchases and continuously met consumer demand by enriching product categories, launching marketing promotion activities and introducing simplified shop shopping processes such as “scanning”, “quick purchasing” and increasing the area of business, adding new specialized stores, and increasing drop-out points, drop windows, etc.
Upgraded consumer shopping experience, the company ' s Hainan tax-exempt business experienced an explosive growth, especially in the sale of luxury packages, wristwatches and precious jewellery with a higher rate of Maori, and to better match the development of Hainan ' s business, the company held the eleventh meeting of its Board of Trustees on 20 April 2021.
The review agreed to the investment of RMB 311 million in the China-South International Logistics Centre project (phase II) by the All-China Sun Group (Hinnan) Operating Headquarters Ltd., which aims to build them into intelligent logistics warehouses and ancillary buildings with forward-looking functions that meet the development needs of the company's Hainan operations.
(a) Optimization of channels and continuous improvement of the tax-free layout of airports;
Intra-city shop operations: companies prepare for future intra-city shop placements by actively establishing strategic partnerships for priority cities; Overseas duty-free shop operations: companies actively explore and steadily promote overseas projects in priority countries along the “one-way” route; Hong Kong-Australian duty-free stores actively explore new business practices such as online and cross-border operations, 2020, Macau Airports, Hong Kong Airports, and Hong Kong Airports.
In Hong Kong, shops in Hong Kong have achieved a reversal of losses. (iv) China’s predominantly duty-free Asia-Pacific market position has increased, luxury goods sales have experienced significant negative growth, global duty-free and retail tourism markets have either recovered to pre-epidemiological levels or recovered in 2024, with China’s central Asia-Pacific market becoming more important.
In 2020, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic spread globally and the global duty-free and tourism retail market was severely affected. According to Swedish research institutions, tax-free and tourism retail sales are projected to reach $35.1 billion in 2020, a decrease of 59.4 per cent compared to the previous year, with sales in Asia and the Pacific amounting to $21.47 billion, a decrease of 53.7 per cent, or 61.2 per cent;
In Europe, sales of $7.04 billion fell by 66.7 per cent, or 20.1 per cent, compared to the same year; in the Americas, sales of $4.35 billion, and in Africa, $250 million, or 71.4 per cent, compared with 0.6 per cent.
The retail sector has a huge and long-term impact, with Swedish research institutions predicting that the global tax-free and tourism retail sector will not recover to 2019 levels until 2024, and that the importance of the Asia-Pacific market, with China at its core, will continue to rise, particularly as the duty-free market in Hainan Island is increasingly becoming the focus and focus of the global tax-free industry.
China’s tax-free market may be the only tax-free market in the world that could achieve positive growth in 2020, with companies being the only ones to achieve growth among the top 10 tax-free operators in the world; and three, the growing importance of online operations and electricity suppliers. China’s luxury market in 2020 is expected to grow by 48% and by about 150% on-line throughout the year.
At present, the domestic duty-free market is marketed mainly for passengers at ports of entry and exit and passengers at Hainan Island, while the consumption of commodities is dominated by perfume, cosmetics, refined products, cigarettes, alcohol, etc. In order to contain the spread of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, in early 2020, the country suspended its entry and exit tourism operations and managed to control the entry and exit of unnecessary personnel, which has significantly decreased the number of people entering and leaving the country throughout the year.
Despite the stagnation of China’s travel across China’s borders, China’s luxury goods market rose sharply in 2020. According to the report China Luxury Goods Market 2020: Unstoppable, published jointly by the Bayn Advisory and Skycat Luxury Goods, “Influenced by the epidemic and restricted exits, the domestic luxury goods market in mid-2020, after a weak start, is expected to reach its full year.
The epidemic has had a significant impact on the global economy and social scene, leading to a contraction of the global market for luxury goods. In China, however, there are four engines that support the revival of the luxury consumer market during the post-epidemic period: consumption returns, new generation consumers rise, and numbers.
As the main engine of growth in the global luxury industry, the domestic luxury market continued its strong performance over the past few years in 2020. (v) The decline in the Māori rate was due to a significant increase in the sale of taxed goods, and the decline in the cost of sales increased net profit levels.
As a result of the new pneumonia epidemic, the company actively expanded its operations online, with a significant increase in the sale of taxed goods. The net profit rate of the company rose by 2.66 pct to 13.95 per cent and the net profit of the company increased by 3.36 pct to 11.35 per cent throughout 2020.
Reduced rent payable on a year-on-year basis, with company sales costs significantly reduced by 14.25 pct to 16.82 per cent on a year-on-year basis; three cost ratios with risk of outbreak and security incidents; risk of competition for duty-free operations; risk of weak consumer demand; non-exploitation on-line; Figure 3: Changes in company sales and management costs in the single quarter of 2017 to date
Figure 5: Indicators of growth capacity, profitability and ability to operate (four-quarterly single quarter) Figure 6: Indicators of growth capacity, profitability and ability to operate (annual)
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.