iii. Release of duty-free performance from the off-island policy of the catering travel agency, focussing on the return of consumption, pressing for tax-free policy opportunities from the off-island, and rapid release of tax-free flagship performance: the overseas epidemic drives high-end consumption return, folding
The tax-exempt policy in the Caribbean has been further liberalized, tax-exempt channels have expanded rapidly, with domestic tax-exempt channels growing by about 192 per cent in the second half of 2020, leading by about 90 per cent in middle-country tax-exempt municipalities, and company performance rising by about 24 per cent faster than that of 2019q1. The company’s performance has continued to grow faster, benefiting from low base and off-island policies.
According to the sub-operations, the current core of the operation is the sale of duty-free goods, the 2020 epidemic affected the consumption of passenger currents, and the Department of Public Administration has been able to compensate for the impact of the decline in the flow of tax-exited goods, including through electricity vendors. Companies have been exempt from tax sales, sales of tax-bearing goods, tourism services, and other business receipts of about 62 per cent, 37 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively, throughout the year.
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, consumer flows slowed under the first half of the year, tax-exempt policies on Hainan Island were further relaxed in the second half of the year, adding domestic consumption returns, and corporate revenues grew by 21 per cent in the second half of the year, +41 per cent, gross profits by 34 per cent, +16 per cent and performance by the second half of the year recovered.
The epidemic and the impact of taxed commodities on Māori rates, reduced airport rents guarantee profitability; in terms of profitability, 2020 is a significant increase in the share of Māori in the sale of taxable goods.
The tax shop has experienced a significant decline in the same source of customers and a partial reduction in the rent due to the airport following the company ' s renegotiation with Shanghai Airport, and the company ' s annual asset disposal has formed a higher base of non-recurrent gains and losses, with net corporate interest rates rising by 2.7 to 14.0 per cent in 2020, while net non-net interest rates are raised by 3.4 to 11.3 per cent in the year as compared to the year when non-net gains are considered.
In China, tax-exempt operations have continued to grow, travel agency operations stock increased by 83 per cent to 14.7 billion yuan by the end of 2020, and company stock increased by the same amount by the end of the first quarter of 2021.
China Free: The performance of the Sanya Free Shop is as good as expected. With regard to cash flows, the company benefited from the easing of tax exemptions from Hainan Island and a significant reduction in airport rents.
In the second half of the year and the first half of 2021, the tax-free sector is expected to grow rapidly, driving the tax-free sector to a high level. Looking ahead, first, lower import tariffs, grey zone control, and lower domestic and foreign price differentials are expected to jointly contribute to higher prices.
The end-of-consumption reflux is expected to continue, with China’s consumers expected to consume more than 55 per cent of their luxury goods in 2025, pushing for a 90 per cent share of the domestic duty-free market, ranking as the world’s 4th high end of the epidemic in 2020, and a clear recovery in consumption, with companies rising to 1st place, with pre-existing advantages and the scale effects of procurement expected to continue to consolidate barriers to competition.
In addition, the company’s management has recently been given the opportunity to launch a campaign to get their shares on the market. First, to get rid of the island’s tax-exempt policy.
In China, annual and quarterly reports are exempt from disclosure, yielding RMB 52.597 billion/+8.20 per cent in 2020, resulting in a net gain of RMB 6,140 billion/+12.748 per cent for the mother, and a net gain of RMB 2,849 million/an increase of 131 times. (i) Immediate access to tax-exempt policy opportunities and rapid release of tax-exempt dragons
The overseas epidemic boosted the return of high-end consumption, adding to the tax-exempt policies of Hainan Island, expanding tax-free channels rapidly, growing by about 192% in the second half of 2020, exempting the city from being the leader of about 90% of domestic tax-exempt channels, and rapidly warming the company’s performance.
In statement terms, 2021q1 received approximately 32 per cent more than 2019q1 and 2021q1 net profit a factor of 131 times over the year, or 24 per cent more than 2019q1. The company ' s performance continued to grow faster as a result of the low base and the drive to de-island policy. (ii) Taxed commodities covered the tax exemption gap and overall performance recovered during the second half of the year.
According to the sub-operations, the current core of the operation is free-of-charge sales of goods, consumer currents below the epidemic in 2020, and companies are selling duty-free goods through electricity suppliers to compensate for the impact of lower outflows. Companies are selling duty-free goods throughout the year, they are selling tax-free goods, they are selling tax-free goods, they are tourism services, they collect about 62 per cent, they are 37 per cent, they are 1 per cent, and their gross profits are about 68 per cent, 30 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively.
Gross profits fell by 37 per cent, grew by more than 16 times, and grew by 22 per cent. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, consumer flows slowed under the first half of the year, tax-exempt policies were further relaxed in the second half of the year, adding domestic consumption returns, corporate revenues grew by 21 per cent in the second half, +41 per cent in the second half, gross profits grew by 34 per cent, +16 per cent and performance recovered in the second half.
Figure 5: China ' s tax-exempted operating income (million yuan) (iii) Tax-exemption and sea-exceeding advantages; for example, China ' s tax-exempt policy opportunity to leave the island.
The tax-exempt policy provides an opportunity to contribute most of the tax-exempt revenue and net profits. Of these, the tax-exempt Sun in Sanya has increased its operating income by 104% over the same year, and the parent net profit by 109% over the same year; the tax-exempt company has increased its operating income by 230% over the same year and the net profit by 168,77% over the same year. In 2020, the tax-exempt Sun Corporation and the tax-exempt company together accounted for about 60% and 58% of the profits of the subsidiary.
Figure 9: Revenue from China ' s main seed companies (million yuan) Figure 10: Growth rate of China ' s main seed companies (million yuan) Figure 11: China ' s main seed companies (million yuan)
Figure 12: Net profit growth rate for China ' s main offspring and grandchildren, Figure 13: Net home-to-home interest rate for China ' s main children and grandchildren, II. The epidemic and the impact of taxed commodities on Māori rates, reduced airport rents and guaranteed profitability
Up to 44.9%, and up to 2%, a significant increase in the share of sales of taxed goods with lower Māori rates. The decline in Māori rates was accompanied by a significant decrease in the number of duty-free customers, such as airports, a reduction in the number of partial airport rents due to the company ' s renegotiation with Shanghai Airport, a significant reduction in the cost of rents for the company throughout the year of 52% to $6.06 billion, and a further unrecurring loss in asset disposal in 2019, which contributed to a sales cost of 14.3 pct to 16.8%.
With regard to cash flows, which benefited from the easing of tax-exempt policies in Hainan Island and a significant reduction in airport rents, cash flows into and out of company operations increased by about 15 per cent throughout the year, with an eventual increase in net cash flows from operating activities of between 1.8 and $8.2 billion, overall cash flows, 3. Rapid growth in consumption-reducing industries, with the prospect of sustained benefits being avoided
In 2020, the epidemic restricted the willingness of consumers to travel abroad, tax-free consumption went back to the country, increased tax-exempt products from Hainan Island from 1 July, promoted domestic tax-free channels. Consumption grew rapidly, and domestic tax-free channels grew by almost 150% between July and the end of the year.
Sales amounted to $27.5 billion/+104%. In 2021, q1, the trend of tax-free growth continued, and the Customs Administration recently issued a table showing that from 1 July 2020 to 6 April 2021, customs regulated duty-free purchases off the island amounting to $34.7 billion/+244%.
Looking ahead, firstly, high-end consumption returns are expected to continue, and domestic markets for personal luxury goods continue to grow at high rates. While policy easing is limited in time to promote rapid industrial growth, high-end consumption returns are expected to continue contributing to rapid domestic tax-free growth.
The domestic share of expensive luxury goods consumed was over 55% in 2025, a significant increase of about 32% compared to 2019, and is expected to boost the domestic tax-free market, continue to benefit domestic tax-exempt companies, and the tax-exempt leader. Second, the advantage of pre-emption is clear, and the middle-size advantage is expected to remain competitive.
In the global duty-free market, China is also in the first row, after China and Shanghai in 2017 and 18 years. The size of the world’s leadership has made it more competitive for companies to negotiate with their buyers.
Continuing liberalization, we believe that the pre-discussion advantage in Hainan, the scale effect of the procurement, and the long-term savings of the company’s tax-exempt operating team are expected to sustain the firm’s competitiveness. Figure 22: World’s top 10 tax-exempt sales (millions of euros)
Figure 24: Market share of domestic tax-free channels in 2019 IV. Prospective earnings and investment proposals
In addition, the company’s management has recently been given the authority to initiate h-stock preparation. Tax-exempt competition has intensified; overseas epidemics have suppressed the number of tourists leaving the country; and intra-city tax-exempt policies have fallen short of expectations.