Medical Biomedical Devices Non-financial First Coverage Report Murray Medical (300760.sz)
Investment rating: Bought (first time) - high-end production leads to high-quality development, accelerating entry into the top 20 medical equipment carriers, accelerating entry into the leading global echelons. Murray is the leading medical equipment company in the country, life.
\triangleright Information and Support, In vitro Diagnosis, and Medical Images are among the top players in the country, with some of the products in the global headlines, with companies continuously expanding cardiovascular, micro-surgery, animal medicine around the demand for medical scenes and business developments
In 2024, companies generated 20,292 million domestic revenues.
A 5.10% decline in the same year, the restructuring of the medical sector has caused disruption to equipment purchases, admissions, and, as the 25h1 equipment has been successfully awarded and remains competitive, 63 offshore subsidiaries worldwide have made local channels to create offshore breakthroughs. Double-drive intensive product matrices, and business consumption shifts.
The \triangleright tillage has for many years broken through the core technology and, by acquiring datashops and Sonare, the company has built on life information and support, the advantages of medical video production lines, accelerated the conversion of high-end products, and gradually built the moat of medical equipment products. After 2020, the company added:
Large amounts of input into the waste-type business, and the growth of fluid-type operations such as microsurgery, in vitro diagnosis, companies have acquired vd permethrin, vd factory diasys, domestic electric physiology plant Huetai, deep layout diagnostic industry chains, and entry into the cardiovascular potential market.
Domestic and foreign markets are expected to continue to increase, with global platform valuations or re-engineering. From 2014 to 2024, Merrill’s net profits grew at a compound annual rate of 23.98%, while rising incomes sustained high-quality growth, and 23 years of income ranked globally in terms of volume.
Medical devices, 23rd place, with the world’s third largest market share of products such as monitors, anaesthetics, blood cells, ultrasounds, etc. The company’s 24-year domestic income ratio is 16%, the foreign share is low, the domestic and foreign market share is higher, the three core business lines are high, and the company is expected to return to rapid growth at the realization stage.
Global hardware platform-type enterprises such as Lei, Siemens, whose profits have slowed down, with an average market gain of over 30 times, and the quality and development of Murray's operations \triangleright select joint film medicine, Hye-Tai medicine, the new industry, which is 25 years on average compared to the company's average
Based on the company’s high-end product matrix, the user recognition of head-level medical institutions has increased, global competition has increased, coverage has been extended for the first time, and a “buy-in” rating has been given.
High-end product matrices have evolved, user recognition in head-level medical institutions has increased, global competitiveness has increased, first coverage has been achieved, 1) life information and support: products such as corporate custodians, anaesthetics have further enhanced global competitiveness, and micro-surgery subcategories such as hard mirrors, ultrasound knives have entered the release cycle. Life information and support income are projected for 2025-2027.
2) In vitro diagnosis: The number of water liners is at the forefront of the country, reagents are at the acceleration stage, medical images are being collected: the policy of upgrading domestic medical equipment has led to a recovery in procurement, the company ' s ultrasound product has broken through the high end.
Multi-year farming, products and brands are recognized by domestic and international users. Self-research + M & A, which drives Murray’s growing business, converts from medical equipment to the continuous flow of water from equipment + consumables, improves quality, and accelerates companies’ entry into the top 20 medical devices worldwide.
Domestic policies affect risk, overseas geopolitical risks, M&As less than expected, new products less widely available, and the global situation is one of the world's most remarkable products.
Support, in vitro diagnosis, medical images are the three main production lines, micro-surgery, orthopaedics, animal medicine, aed four emerging seed business, with many product markets at the forefront of the country and leading providers of medical devices and solutions worldwide, products sold to more than 190 countries and territories, and product power and brands recognized globally.
In keeping with the development model of inner-life + outreach, in-house investment in R & D resources has been sustained, and external synergies have been actively explored to expand the product line, with companies completing a range of domestic and foreign bid mergers and acquisitions starting with the acquisition of the US guardianship company datascope in 2008 and leading the country in terms of M & As efficiency, number of M & As, and synergetic integration.
From 2021 to 2024, Murray acquired the company ' s hytest, the German ivd brand diasys, the domestic physiology plant ' s Hyetai medical care, the deep layout diagnosis of the industrial chain and its entry into the market for cardiovascular potential, which also augurs well for the company ' s next stage of development, or the shift of the focus towards more consumption.
Figure 2: Partial M & As in companies 1.1. Core business growth is steady and business quality is improving, mainly due to fluctuations in the M & A rates for corporate equipment-type products, with short-term exposure to profits.
Line revenues were 13,765 million yuan, an increase of 10.82 per cent from the previous year, with the company ' s vd equipment installed at the top of the industry, and the steady implementation of reagents at the medium and large medical terminals, which led to rapid industrial growth; in 2024, the public administration generated $7,498 million in medical imagery, an increase of 6.60 per cent from the same level, and the policy side, despite continued pressure, increased the strength of the Myre ultrasound product.
Strong, higher-end product ratios, leading import substitution, and strong reheating of production lines. Regional dimensions, firms remain relatively competitive at home and abroad. 84.11 in the first half of 2025, companies are divided into Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America and five other regions, among others, as they relate to countries and locations.
In the first half of 2025, Mérorès received a total of 34.8% of overseas revenues in high-end markets, such as those in Europe and America, making it an important component of the company’s offshore operations, meaning that the company’s production is recognized by the global head users as a result of continuous tillage, generating steady sales revenue.
Of this, the Māori rate for life information and support lines was 60.56 per cent, production line revenues grew rapidly in global public safety emergency procurement in 2020, also increasing production line stage Māori rates and maintaining a better momentum in new domestic and foreign medical infrastructure; in vitro diagnosis 59.50 per cent Māori for cut-off lines, companies actively exploring the upstream layout of the industrial chain, progressive self-researching of raw materials, reagents
An orderly increase in output and a sustained increase in the Māori production rate; a 65.07 per cent Māori rate for medical images, higher than the corporate level, driven by a long-term rise in Māori rates, mainly as a result of the increased promotion of high-end ultrasound products by companies; a reduction in under-line promotion and a marked decline in sales rates since 2020, influenced by public health events and policies in the country; and an early decline in the company ' s shareholding rate
Right-incentive costs, consultancy/consultancy fees, litigation fees, etc., management rates are maintained at a high level, through working with advisory teams such as ibm, companies build leading marketing systems, mpi R & D innovation systems, etc., management systems are brought into line with international head enterprises, management costs are effectively controlled at 4.36 per cent in 24 years; through continuous R & D inputs, companies frequently issue new products every year and are maintained.
At the same time, it is a high-quality development. The overall asset turnover rate of the company has been maintained consistently since the significant improvement in 2016; the equity coefficient has increased as the assets needed for the company ' s overall development has increased; and the net interest rate has contributed to a steady rise in roe.
Head companies such as Medley, Scheeck, and others, are also ahead of the intuitive surgeons, DeKon, and other emerging equipment companies, and are among the world’s first to demonstrate a leading profit-making potential. The dividends are worth more than $35.7 billion in aggregate, including repurchase shares, and continue to give high-quality development back to shareholders.
1.3. Accelerating the entry of medical devices to the top 20 worldwide, based on the 2023 income from medical equipment operations, with Murray ranked 23rd in the global ranking of medical devices, further narrowing the gap with global equipment head businesses such as Medley, Yape, Johnson and Light, with companies ranked 36th in the global ranking since 2020.
Corporate monitors, respirators, anaesthetic machines, blood cells, ultrasounds, etc. are at the top three levels of global city coverage. Of the 100 global top hospitals selected in 2023, Merry's products entered 80 globally.
Head medical institutions, in direct competition with international front-line brands, were ranked first in 2023 in the world in terms of revenues from medical devices, mainly in the fields of cardiovascular, osteoporosis, neuroregulation, sugar, urine, surgery, and so on.
Siemens is ranked fifth in the world in terms of income from medical devices, covering mainly images, in vitro diagnostics and therapeutics, with a gradual focus on operations, which overlaps with Murray's base business. Euro22,363 million was collected in 2024, an increase of 3.15 per cent, and Siemens was listed in 2018, with a relatively smooth increase in net profits in 2018-2024, with a compound annual increase of about €22,363 million.
7.41 per cent, with an average market gain of 31 times in fiscal year 2018-2024, companies continue to lead changes in the industry through large-scale image farming, ct, nuclear and other sub-products, and after the acquisition of Walian, achieve a full-scale closed loop for image diagnosis plus treatment, obtain market valuation, demonstrate greater resilience in national and international vaccinations, and the image of domestic platform leaders, obtain market valuation.
As the size of the company ' s income reaches the $30 billion threshold, the increasingly complex domestic and foreign environment has had a certain impact on the company ' s conventional operations, with profits growing or moving into a smooth phase, while valuations continue to be under repair, taking into account the development phase of the global head medical equipment company, and Murray has accelerated his admission to the top 20 worldwide instruments with a higher growth rate than the global head company.
2. Life information and support, global positioning, micro-facilitating new 2.1. New capital enabling line acceleration
In the 14th Five-Year Plan, there is a strong emphasis on health infrastructure and, in follow-up programmes and planning documents, on the direction of health-care construction, various time nodes, beneficiaries of medical equipment, global positioning, etc.
Financial support has increased significantly since 2020, and in 2022, the country expanded health-care institutions at all levels, accounting for 8.75% of the total. The new infrastructure for health care in the country has also been strengthened since 2020, as has the European region, where health systems have been strengthened.
Comprehensive construction, including stocks of strategic medical supplies, bed supplementation, network of emergency/heavy hospitals, etc. New infrastructure for medical care at home and abroad, with a marked increase in demand for the procurement of Méri products, especially in the context of continuous rapid growth of life information and support operations, combined with the company's disclosure of the market space for the release of new medical infrastructure in the country at various times, with the company benefiting from new infrastructure for medical care
2.2. The single product leads the global holistic solution for transformation. In 1993, Murray launched China’s first autonomous multi-parameter monitor, metc-509, which builds on research and development.
In 1998, China's first portable multi-parameter monitor pm9000 was introduced, closing the gap with imported brands, and now the company has developed a different set of scenarios based on intensive care, routine supervision, house search/discussion supervision, trans-shipment supervision, etc.
With regard to the performance of high-end products, Meribenevisionn22 is generally superior to competing products, such as parameters, partial indicator testing, accuracy, etc., and the design of functional interfaces, which are more humane and in line with clinical user practices. Ecosystems based on the “Richard Federation” not only enable the collation and analysis of raw physiological data, but also provide more accurate monitoring for clinical consultations.
Co. Precision 0.3%, risetime <250ms, o. Precision ~ 2%, rise co2 + 0.43% + 8% rel, risetime2 + 2.0% + 8% rel, risetime
2.5 per cent + 2.5 per cent rel, 2.0 per cent + 8 per cent rel, <250ms, 8 per cent rel, risetime < 350ms, risetime < 300ms; 0.15 per cent + 15 per cent rel, rise
Time <450ms; reaction delay ~5s Assisted Diagnoser hemosight: blood flow mechanics analysis tool, qtview: early detection
advancedeventsurveillence: Custom event/alert trigger conditions; qt extension, graphic: graphical displaysst protocolwatch: prefabricated workflows: stmap: graphical displayst
hypervisor central station, benevisionms distribution monitor, picix central station; xds distribution monitor; intellibridgeec10-respirator, benelink-respirator, anaesthetic, injection pump
Anaesthetics, injection pumps, from product matrix formation to monolithic high-end and continuous breakthroughs, Miri went beyond that, providing ongoing solutions for bedtime scenes through the expansion of the production line. In 2011, after the company acquired Shenzhen deep studies, it acquired operations like injection pumps, life letters, etc.
The introduction of the “Swiss Union” ecosystem provides multi-equipment connectivity, breaks physical limits, and allows information such as monitors, respirators, fluid pumps, ultrasound to be integrated organically through wireless combinations, based on big data and smart algorithms.
In a continuous analysis, a clear and comprehensive assessment of the dynamics of the patient's state of change was conducted, and the efficiency and quality of the treatment was improved. By the end of 2023, the number of hospitals installed in the SWF ecosystem in the country was close to 700, including the top hospitals in the country, such as the Beijing Association and Hospital, the Shanghai In Chi Hospital and the Sichuan City Hospital.
In December 2024, Murray launched the world's first large model in the area of intensive care — the “starter” — to achieve a deep integration of the network of things, cloud computing, big data and artificial intelligence technology, with 95% accuracy of the results of the critical knowledge search. Based on data, a rapid back-to-back integration of patient conditions, prediction of trends, advice and the generation of the corresponding medical history files is carried out as a whole.
At the top of the ecosystem, based on massive installed hardware support, the connectivity of the "3 S" system, the mega-heavy model, the further use of the AIai tool, the integration of clinical data to help end-users achieve intelligence and high-speed sound for clinical decision-making.
2.3. The micro-innovation of production lines towards a new phase of consumption. Consumption operations are expected to become one of the three main growth pillars in the medium- and long-term of Murray. In the light of the trend towards micro-innovation of domestic and foreign surgery, the company ' s life information and support lines have been continuously restructured through active outreach, and the importance of consumption operations has continued to rise.
Micro-inventive surgery consists mainly of micro-inventive surgery (mis), micro-inventive surgery (mip) and other micro-inventive surgery, which corresponds to different clinical rooms and accompanying medical supplies.
As a result of the global population ageing trend, the clinical use of waste-type products has grown, leading to a faster growth in the industry, the growth of treatment devices, and the emergence of a global focus on the production lines of major medical devices, such as Johnson-Hunger, Medley, Shsek, Intuitive Surgery, etc., which has led to steady income growth in areas such as surgery, endoscopes, etc.
In 2012, Murray acquired high-value materials such as hardscopes, microcreatives, bone surgery, etc. in Hangzhou, which laid the foundation for the company ' s micro-surgery operations. In 2024, Murray acquired the domestic electric physiology plant, Huetai, and entered the new track of heart and electrical physiology, coronary arteries, and out-of-the-week vascular intervention.
At present, in the field of microscopic surgery, Murray has developed a multi-dimensional layout of energy platforms, combinators, surgical instruments, covering a wide range of sub-products such as white light hard mirrors, fluorescent mirrors, ultrasound knives, electrodynamic synths, puncs, etc., with the integration of Heyota products, the abundance of microlinear products has increased further, and the trend towards material consumption has become apparent.
Chart 32: Merrive's creative surgical products, based on data on medically produced devices, in 2024, Méri won over Olympus, ranked second in the country, continuing to narrow the gap with the head brand Carl Stoce, and deep-ploughing micro-tracking into the harvest period.
In addition to the gradual maturity of the hard mirror products, the Ultrasound Sword is another micro-inventive piece of marry's input from scratch, combined with the "Fix + Structural Shape + Product Design" to achieve the precise transfer of each piece of energy to the knife and to maintain full-scale output stability. For important scavenging, narrow scenes, application of sts intelligent tissue induction technology, tissue thermal damage is associated with output power.
Auto-reduce, and send voice alerts to reduce extra heat and the risk of accidental burns. For the ligation of internal veins within 5 mm, clamps are closed, and an enhanced cavs cavity algorithm is used to produce energy based on the precision of the blood vessels contained in the knife, and the blood vessels are condensed. In February 2025, the results of the selection of the Guangdong-led Ultrasounder Union were published, and 16 provinces and cities joined the Union, covering them.
Eight products, comprising 3 mm, 5mm, 7mm product groups, with a total declaration of more than 1.08 million and a one-time cut ahead. Murray selected a single ultrasound knife at 5mm, 7mm, of which 7mm was dominated by imports such as Johnson-Johnson and Medley, and through a collection he gained a chance to break the high-end blade market.
In vitro diagnosis, deepening the industrial chain layout, accelerating mid- and high-end penetration.
And clinical mass spectrometry, with product abundance at the industry’s leading level. With strong support from the Murray end of the device, there has been a steady increase in in vitro diagnostic sub-product loads, a continuous turnover of products at end-users, and a steady flow of supporting materials, and vd will be an important component of the development of the industry’s business consumption.
In 2024, the Murray In vitro Diagnosing Lines received 13,765 million yuan, representing 37.48 per cent of production line income, and for the first time exceeded life-belts and support, becoming the largest production line. In 2014-2024, the annual compound increase in corporate in vitro diagnostic line income was 19.76 per cent, with pwc data showing a global market capacity of about Euro10,4.8 billion in 2024 and a compound increase in 2020-2024.
At a speed of 6.90 per cent, based on the 2024 In vitro Diagnosing Line harvest, the company ' s global market was about 1.6 per cent, potentially positive 3.1.0 blood-ball start-ups, and autonomous research and development was the main tone.
In 2003-2014, Murray introduced blood-ball reagents, biochemical analysers and accessories, chemically luminous analysers and accessories, biochemistry models, block waterlines, etc., which are operated by independent teams and are progressively complete around the layout of the in vitro diagnostic production line.
Figure 41: Significant milestones in the development of corporate in vitro diagnostics: After years of self-researching teams, there is no product available for the in vitro diagnosis, and there is no follow-up to the lead industry. For example, in the traditional blood cell morphology analyser, Mai-Ri introduces artificial intelligence-assisted analysis to improve the recognition of unusual samples.
Compared with the results of the manual mirroring, the overall effectiveness of the screening capacity of the ii viewers for unusual samples is 92.17%, sensitivity 92.86%, specificity 94.07%, which is largely consistent with the results of the manual mirroring, and the analysis time is approximately one-fifth of the traditional manual mirroring.
For the first time in the year, blood cell revenues outpaced Heisen Meikang, and in 2023, in the third year of a single item listed on the market, the revenue went up by $1 billion, further consolidating 3.2. Mergers and acquisitions are rich in production line dimensions, globalization of layouts, self-researching for the in vitro diagnostic development poles, and Murray is constantly developing through mergers and acquisitions.
Swe completed the M & A transaction with Euro532 million for immune raw materials supplier Hytest (seafarin), the world ' s top supplier of upstream in vitro diagnostics, with users covering a large number of in vitro diagnostic giants around the world, with major products including monoclonal antibodies, antigens, polyclonal antibodies, etc., creating a rich product mix and technology in such areas of advantage as heart markers, infectious diseases, inflammation, etc.
In 2004, the meth calcium compound (troponini-t-c) was selected by aaccc as an international standard material. Through the acquisition of seagulls, Murray achieved self-production of immune raw materials, delivered stable control capabilities, and enhanced chemical light.
Reagent R & D capabilities, and guarantees for medium- and long-term reagent drops. After almost two years of integration, the company pushed out a leading industry heart marker product in the second half of 2023, with high-sensor myocardial calcium glycium hs-ctnl and amino end-of-pipe sodium sodium nit-probnp precursors.
In 2023, Murray acquired the Dyasysdiagnostic, a German in vitro diagnostic company, which for more than 30 years has been engaged in deep-farming diagnostic products, quality control products and calibration operations, covering biochemical testing projects such as liver work, kidney work, blood and lipid, blood sugar, self-immunated antibodies, and associated quality control and calibration products.
Desai has local production capacity in five countries, including Germany, the United States, India, Indonesia and Brazil, with global irradiation potential, and Murray has more than 60 offshore affiliates, has localized production bases in 13 countries overseas, further replenishing the ivd reagent capacity abroad through M&A, resolving the delivery, performance, etc. of reagents resulting from transport.
The base of a good overseas supply chain provides the basis for a full-scale breakthrough for medium-sized and large sample customers. 3.3. Waterline loading + collection enhances the penetration of large sample customers.
In addition to the testing module, mt8000 configures the entire flow-processing module of the in-and out-of-out package, e.g., cover-up, cryogenic storage, centrifugal, etc., with an overall balanced output of ,850 samples/hours, effectively handles sea-sized samples in two-way 4 orbits.
Workstream, which provides automatic quality control, real-time quality control, etc., while optimizing the overall testing time of the unit, ensures real-time coverage of complex scenarios.
Since 2022, the interior of the country has continued to conduct core tests for liver function, kidney function, biochemical reagents, infectious diseases, sex hormones, oncological signs, combined thyroid function chemical photoreagents, in vitro diagnostic biochemistry, and luminum.
In our view, the selection of a high-achievement winner means that Murray gets a hospital ticket for admission, the collection cycle, or the equivalent of a hospital ticket.
The share of conventional testing projects: large-scale admission of water lines, gradual transformation of the company's diagnostic customer structure to large sample groups, tilting of conventional testing projects towards the Murray stream, sharpening them further after maturity, policy catalytic response to hard power of its own products, reagent output upgrading, and providing a strong dynamic energy for the development of material consumption in companies.
4. Medical images, high-end ultra-extra-fluorescent-leading import substitution.
(Zone-sonographytm) can improve resolution of images and provide high-quality images through sound speed correction technology. Through acquisitions, companies complete high-end technological supplements and strengthen North American distribution channels to absorb the zonare technology, Murray pushes out the resona series of high-end products, breaking the monopoly of import brands over high-end colour.
Chart 51: The Murray Medical Image Line, in addition to the ultrasound core business, the digital x-ray imaging system (dr) is the company’s derivative layout of large medical images and a breakthrough in sales during the domestic and foreign epidemic, laying the foundation for a comprehensive understanding of the company’s medical image products.
4.1. As of May 25, the winning data for domestic medical equipment had recovered significantly, and the cumulative winnings for multi-grade items had increased rapidly over the same period, with products such as ultrasound, ct, and nuclear magnetic images showing a similar increase, with pressure on the 2024 winning values for related medical equipment.
In March 2024, the Central Finance and Economics Commission proposed large-scale equipment upgrades, followed up quickly on top-down policies, starting with tenders from several provinces at the end of the quarter. External environmental impacts led to a long pace of updates in 2024, some of which were deferred to 2025.
According to the 21st week of 25 years, the cumulative amount of the equipment renewal procurement tender was $8.41 billion, close to the overall level of 24 years, the replacement of project varieties with medical equipment that had been disclosed in various locations, with higher demand for video products such as ultrasound, ct, mri and, to a lesser extent, guardianship, life support and surgical products, which are expected to benefit from the policy.
The data quoted by medtf indicate that in 2023, the public bid for domestic medical imaging equipment reached $82.58 billion, and in 2019-2023, the combined rate of increase was 11.75 per cent, with ultrasound, ct, and mri winnings of 28 per cent, 4.2.resonaa20 blades, and the sword pointing high-end ultrasounds.
According to Frost Sullivan, in 2022, the country ' s high-end ultrasound market, which was about 60 per cent of the size, remained a priority market for import brands such as ge-medication, flying Lips, and left much room for improvement in the country ' s ultrasound overall national production rate, with the country ' s head producers, represented by Murray, gradually joining the high-end market through continuous product rotation, dominated by the lower- and middle-end markets.
Murray's medical imaging lines include ultrasound diagnostics, digital x-ray imaging systems and pacs, ultrasound diagnostic systems, covering a whole range of products, from ultra-high to low end, serving different clinical rooms, such as radiology, obstetrics, emergency care, and severe diseases. In 2023, Murray introduced the state's first ultrasound, resona20, into the world's top class.
a20 Launching of the “no-polar” audio-smart ultrasound technology platform in the industry, with breakthroughs in audio data, imaging algorithms, system algorithms, and a20-no-polar computing as a hardware infrastructure, supporting complex algorithms, guaranteeing the transmission of big data, transfer bandwidth, etc. “afm to find out”, “freebeam self-adaptation to beam synthesis technology”, “super-parallel architecture” etc.
The technology leads to a multi-dimensional enhancement of ultrasound imaging, which further enhances precision diagnostics. The probe is the first ring of acoustic data acquisition, which is the key to determining image performance.
Acoustic pressure: raising the sensitivity of the launch reception signal;  wideband extension: increasing the range of the probe frequency band;  matrix blade: optimizing the acoustic thickness level and generally increasing the quality of the acoustic data signal.
Freebeam synthesizes the main and peripheral petals by adapting to the beam synthesis technology, while increasing the resolution of the images, enhances the image in a variety of ways, including a focused local “wise pupil image”, a blood flow-based “uma super-pure blood flow image” and a concubine elastic image of the liver/milk, etc., and a full range of auxiliary clinical treatments.
Billions of dollars, of which the high end ultrasound increases at a much higher speed than the average production line. By the end of 2024, the high end/superhigh end accounted for 60 per cent of ultrasound revenue in the company country, with ultra-high end ultrasonicaaa at over $400 million in the first year on the market, breaking import-led ultrasound markets in the country.
Murray ultrasound has also gradually gained the recognition of high-end medical users overseas, such as the Australian Carlislegroup Medical Image Group, the United Arab Emirates Royal Hospital, the Einstein Hospital, the largest private hospital group in Latin America, and so on, meaning that corporate ultrasound products have a global visibility and continue to increase the penetration of head-level medical institutions.
4.3.ai All-round improvement of competitiveness: "Swig ++" is a cloud-side ecological application platform used by Murray to connect video equipment and users, with a variety of cloud-end applications, year-end "Swig ++" upgrade of cloud-side quality control solutions, multi-centre research data management solutions, cloud operation training appraisals
Based on the technical deposition in the field of medical imagery, the company has further developed a large-scale “Rizza ai+” model solution, embedded in a large-scale “Deep call” model image, which upgrades the professional ultrasound of users through a big one. For example, it covers 53 standard obstetric cross-sections, achieves ani obstetric cut; and ultrasound motion map standard cross-sections, enhances key.
With the help of “Swig ++”, medical users are able to use cloud ecology to achieve long-range surface scanning control, assist in upgrading primary health care by adding nearly 5,000 new machines to the year, and the platform has accumulated over 47,000 professional users. Ultrasound is achieved through “equipment +it+ai”
On January 28, 2024, Murray Medical issued an announcement to acquire Xiaohai through Shenzhen Maury Technology Holdings Ltd.
One hundred and forty-two thousand shares in Thai medical care, representing 21.12 percent of Hue-tai's total equity, transferred about $6.65 billion, combined operatives, 3.49 percent in Hue-tae, 24.61 percent in Murray, and the physical controller of Hue-tae's medical care. Hue-tae, the country's leading electric physiology, blood-vascular intervention plant, has developed a coronary circuit, heart physiology and physiology.
The overall competitiveness is at the forefront of the industry, through the acquisition of Hyetai, Murray, cutting into the cardiovascular potential track, enriching cardiovascular waste products and providing continuous capacity for Heetai equipment products.
Figure 63: Distribution of Hee-tae's medical products 5.1. Changes in the technology-altered-leading industry
Source or abnormal conductor, normal heart rhythm, depending on the energy used, can be divided into radio frequency, cooling, and pulverized power fields, where current clinical techniques are dominated by radio frequency, cold cooling, which is fast-growing; radio frequency decomposition: local release of radio frequency currents, condensation and death of specific parts of the muscle cells, and cold salt water filling.
(b) Refrigeration: the release of cooling liquid refrigerants through a capsule, the evaporation of refrigerants and the lowering of the temperature of the melting parts of the target, thus curing the arrhythmia;
Pulse Melting: Pulse Fields, i.e. Pulse Fields induce irreversible electrocution of cellular cells to decompose death, other organisations have cells that are insensitive to pulse fields and are highly selective in the heart. Pulse Melting (pfa) can be used for most of the room tremors, upper room speeds, room speeds, etc. because of its speciality of the heart, non-heat, etc.
Rapid heart disorder treatments, with a gradual increase in attention. Frost Sullivan data show that domestic house tremors in 2025 amounted to Pfa billion, which accounted for 8.18 per cent of electrophysiology devices in 2015 and 38.87 per cent in 2032.
Figure 67: Size of the domestic house tremor pfa appliance market 2023-2032 (millions of yuan) 5.2. Equipment + consumables are mutually enabling, and current-water business development is further advanced
The first company to have a linear/ring-magnetically positioning pulse, a condensed catheter, a heart pulse digestor, and an accompanying three-dimensional system to achieve an integrated three-dimensional pulstamper(TM) solution.
Power discharge, single 5 seconds of wall damage, 30% reduction in operating time, and support for local anesthesia to increase patient tolerance. Hye-Tai has targeted at least 3,000 pfa surgeries for 25 years. As of March 25, the global pfa technology leader, the Farapulse system of the Boston Science system, had completed more than 1,000 applications in 30 provinces of the country, and Hue-Te-Te has already achieved a comparable capacity.
At the financial end, Hee-Tai received $564 million, an increase of 23.93 per cent in comparison with the previous year, a net profit from the mother was $183 million, an increase of 24 years. Hee-Tai's physiological income was $440 million, top of the list of countries' products, and is expected to accelerate imports through pfa.
Substitution. Core operations such as coronary circuits, electrophysiology, etc. have all completed large-scale domestic collections, which have a manageable impact on overall profitability, and provide steady business growth.
The annual market share of domestic income is about 16%, the overseas market space is about $570 billion, and the international income ratio in 2024 was only low. In 2023, the global, domestic cardiovascular market was $56 billion and $50 billion, respectively, and the medical equipment market was about 50 billion.
Into the cardiovascular track, it expands the market and completes the product line puzzles; equipment, systems, and systems for Hee-tae, drawing on the latter’s experience of high-value involvement in the consumption of materials, and building a solid foundation for its own business. As a platform company, it promotes a further increase in the share of business lines.
6. Profit forecasting and valuation 1) Life information and support: Products such as corporate custodians, anaesthesia machines, etc. further enhance global competitiveness, with microscopic surgical breakdowns such as hard mirrors, ultrasound knives entering the release cycle. Life information and support income are expected to increase at a rate of 2025-2027, respectively
2) In vitro diagnosis: The number of water liners is at the forefront of the country, reagents are entering the acceleration phase, and medical images are collected, winning or driving: procurement recovery is driven by the policy of upgrading domestic medical equipment, corporate ultrasounds are breaking through high-end scenes, production lines, industries. Based on the company ' s high-end matrix of products, improved user acceptance of head medical institutions, and improved global competitiveness.
First coverage, with a “buy-in” rating. 1) Domestic policy impact risk: health sector rehabilitation, equipment upgrading, etc., which may interfere with the conduct of a company's domestic business and further affect domestic revenue collection;
2) Geopolitical risks abroad: overseas trade tariffs, protection of local businesses, etc., or having an impact on the smooth running of offshore operations, and uncertainty about the sustainability of overseas revenues; 3) M & As integration does not meet the expected risk: companies take and purchase sea cucumbers, Desai diagnostics, Hyetai medical care, etc.
(iv) The new product is not as popular as expected: the company’s new product promotion cycle, the uncertainty of client recognition, and the personal perception of the brand’s branded securities and issuers. In my diligent professional approach, professional and careful research methods, using information on legal compliance, this report is produced independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.