Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2021, 21q1 achieved $259 million in revenue, which is an increase in the number of people in love with America (300896.sz).
\triangleright’s income increased by 22.5%, mainly in: 1) industry climate continues to add up to the epidemic.
The impact of the US industry has been eliminated, and there has been a significant recovery in the use of holiday medicine such as Spring Festivals: 2) hysteria repair, product end consumers have been fully recognized and sales continue at a level of about 70 per cent, rising from 20 years, while panda needles have hatched since the second half of 20 years, leading to new harvests.
Li Xing's research assistant, who is on the rise, is expected to earn double-digit Panda needles: 3) traditional products such as Effie and Bonida are growing in brand power and recovering from the company's continued depth of operation.
\triangleright benefits from continued scale effects and the rapid growth of high Maori products such as panda needles; and cost ratios
On the other hand, corporate sales rates and management rates continue to be optimized with the effect of scale, with 21q1 falling, respectively, to strengthen R & D advantages, speed up new product declarations, enhance marketing network development and institutional operations, with companies holding \triangleright
Reconstructing the construction of high-guarded rivers. In R & D: 1) 21q1 R & D invested $2.336 million, or 9.0% of the income, and R & D rates continued to be high to ensure that research and development leads the industry; 2) Injection of a type of meat poison.
In terms of marketing promotion, companies continue to improve their marketing networks, enhance their academic outreach, and engage deeply in institutions to improve product stickyness and create a good basis for the promotion of both old and new products.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The recovery of the epidemic drives the industry to a high profile, high-performance expectations, Emmett (300896.sz): Medical beauty, leading poles, flying through the industry.
Continued high-profile, optimized rates to increase profitability Rich, more certain growth and more space to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: high-body sales fall short of expectations; industry demand deteriorates; industry competition increases, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in the Consumer Products Industry, University of Kyotan, three years’ experience in consumer goods industry, and joining the Sindha securities industry in 2020 will not be relevant, relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.