In recent days, the ecstasy-Ethylene condensed microballs of the American-American co-polymer condensation of sodium ethyl acid (child Wei Hongmei) have become more competitive.
The company's main project is the art-based urinate acid, and the urinary acid.
The company has a variety of lightly treated beauty products, which vary in formulas, fittings, restoration effects, and meet the consumption needs of a number of segmented markets. These include the long urinary acid product, 25 June 2021.
Bonida with urinate acid, Efrai/Emi-Fly with vernacular urinary acid, high-stymies for the neck, as well as veneer and veneer plus one, enzyme-planting products, and the recent new market-based live-bubble needles that pioneered the concept of medically isolated membrane. This time, the approved puppies were the company's first step in a field other than urinate acid.
Step-by-step expansion. The main component of the puppies is the polysophic acid (plla), which directly stimulates the production of gel proteins, which can be seen at first sight after a month of treatment, with more roe (ttm) after three to six months of skin repair.
Acupuncture needles are placed on the market to enhance corporate branding. Compared to similar products in the market, the corporate paint needles have the lowest price in December. They are innovative, pre-positioned instead of keeping the dry powder, simplifying the operating process.
Add urinary acid to the formula to achieve better skin filling. On the one hand, the public sector can meet domestic market demand with innovative needle products and increase the market share of companies outside the field of urinary acids: on the other hand, companies continue to produce new products to help companies sustain themselves.
Although it is the second country to produce a needle, companies are expected to sell more pins than St. Boma. There are currently three kinds of needles abroad, sculptra, dermaveil, etc.
Although the upgrade of the puppies and the new generation of 4d fast-dissolved puppies have been upgraded in terms of technology and safety, they have still not passed the Nmpa certification in China. On the domestic market, St. Boma's puppies were approved in April of this year, which is only about two times different from the passage of the pedophile puppies.
Months do not have a clear pre-emptive advantage. With a home-grown high-speed, home-based, home-grown, light-doctored head branding base, a greater advantage in the promotion and marketing of paint needles, synergies with products such as the Hive, and a high growth in corporate performance are expected.
Investment proposals: The company focuses on medically fine products, which are the country’s frontlines for bourgeois needle injections. The company’s doctors are rich, enjoy dividends from the medical industry, are active in the development of new products, the market looks forward to the approval of long-awaited childhood needles, the build-up of future military weight management markets and the company’s future growth prospects.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.