Acetic needles have been approved, increasing the abundance of the product matrix Ames (300896.sz) event: the company's new product, "Translating translucent sodium acid gels with left-circulator-ethanol co-polymer microballs."
On June 24, 2021, the Cfda III medical device was certified as the second in the country to be certified as the third type of medical device.
The company's new product ladders are enriched by the approval of a heavy pound of new couture needles. The company's new product, "Combined and transparent sodium gels containing left-rotonic emulsion microballs" consists of pre-infused injectors, one-time sterile injection needles, and gels enclosed in syringes, the main components of which are condensed.
The end market for this product, also known as the “baby pin”, applies to the real corrugated, subsurface and deep-skinned beams, as well as to the microballs, ethylene co-polymeric acid, lycephate and phosphate buffer systems.
Shooting, where interlocking ha achieves immediate filling, left-procedure condensate microballs, which stimulates humans to generate gel proteins themselves, which achieves resistance, lydolcaine slows the pain of injections, the first masculinity product in the domestic market that contains anthropolysis and intersections.
This year, three types of medical devices were approved in the country. The other two products were female needles for medical agents in Huadong, polyclimatic face fillers in Santa Boma in the long spring (commonly known as macho needles).
There is limited supply of three types of certificate products. Compared to the female needle products approved in the country, the need to maintain the needles for longer periods of time (generally for more than two years) and the following innovations in the company's products compared to the St. Boma needle products: 1) pre-enhance the gel in the syringes.
It's easy for doctors to operate, and St. Boma's formulation consists of frozen dry powder consisting of polylactose microballs, sodium methyl cellulose, etc., which is mixed with sodium chloride solutions prior to use; and 2) contains interlocking ha and alidocaine, even if filled with pain relief.
The health-care industry is growing, the demand for anti-degeneratives is high, and the market is looking good. According to Emmett (300896.sz): Medical-Americans frost&sullivan data, Chinese medicine-US industry was about 150 billion yuan in 19 years and 14-19 years.
The industry's leading poles, flying by the industry, are 24% compound growth, and the health sector is showing a high growth rate. Resistance is a priority in the field of medicine, demand is high, and according to the new oxygen data, about 30% of the 19-year claims for health care and America's consumption are in the first place.
Emmett (300896.sz): The 20-year major anti-degenerative program, Gemage, has grown by 137%, much better than the industry.
The coronation of the development of 2021.06 is expected to be a new anti-degenerative market, with a share of the market.
Emmett (300896.sz): Hi, Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: Recovering the epidemic drives the industry to a high profile and high-performance expectations.
The panda needles are well-breeded, the paint pin products are on the ground, the product matrix is constantly enriched, and future growth is lost.
Growing and future stocks of products, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: High-level marketing is not as good as expected: Li Xiang, the University of Gangan, the Master of Finance, three years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, the admission to the Sinda Securities in 2020, the engagement in cosmetics & medical beauty is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.