q1 net return to the mother increased by nearly 300 per cent, and the system accelerated penetration. The company published a quarterly report for 2021 on 26 April 2021, and 2021q1 achieved operating income of 259 million yuan, or 100 million yuan, an increase of 30.331 per cent on the same date.
The negative impact of the epidemic has been eliminated, the penetration rate of the system has accelerated, the liquidity (million shares) has been eliminated, and the negative impact of the epidemic on medical and American consumption has been brought back from abroad.
According to the New Oxygen Data Research Institute's Report on the Trends of Women's Health Care and American Consumption in China 2020, the negative impact of the epidemic on the U.S. Underline Medical Services Terminal was only 5.7% in 2020, well below the previous double-digit compound growth rate, but in 2020 we had 15.2 million medical and American consumers.
At the same time, the company’s newly marketed locator eye-judging high panda needles, which is more extensive than the neck pin-irradiation population (higher male acceptance), have developed a stronger branding and hatching period among those seeking beauty.
In addition, according to the announcement, corporate brand power such as “Effie” and “Bonida” has grown to varying degrees. Profitability has continued to rise, and the scale effect has again become apparent: company q1 Māori is 92.50%, an increase of 2.67 pcts compared to 2.67 pcts, which is expected mainly to benefit from higher unit prices.
The company ' s strategy to strengthen its marketing network resulted in sales costs of q1 amounting to $27.7 million, an increase of 148.58 per cent over the same period, but the scale effect of the high growth that benefited from the revenue, with sales costs for 2021q1 falling by 3.39 pcts to 10.68 per cent over the same period; management costs of 4.53 per cent, a decrease of 5.53 pcts over the same period; and corporate investment in R & D again, with 2021q1 yuan.
In the second half of the year 2021, the company’s petroscope was listed as the first three types of mechanically certified masonry needle products approved in the country, and it is hoped that it will work with the recently approved domestic product of the “girl pins” of the pelican-like protein series, which will be widely market-breededed, fast-tracked and marketed. In addition, the company’s reserves currently include botox, soluble and soluble products.
Overall valuation level, but keeping the “recommended” rating 1 in view of the high growth of the company, and the depth of Emmett: the logic behind the rise of light medicine gold “tracking”
Industry competition has increased, and new products have hatched less than expected.2 Emmett 2020 report reviews: high-level lending has led to high performance throughout the year, before multi-lined layouts.
The forecast for corporate financial statements is summarized and the airline is engaged in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.