On June 24, Emmett announced that it would use over-funds of about 886 million yuan against huons.
Bio recapitalizes and acquires some of the shares of huonsbio. After this replenishment and acquisition, Emmett signed a cooperation agreement in China with the Korean company Huons in September of that year, under which Huons authorized him to import, register and distribute a model of his production within the Chinese region.
Hoonsbio is currently a huons 1. "Hings are over-expected, self-researching + investment in production."
Huonsglobal, a well-known Korean pharmaceutical and medical equipment company, was listed on the Korean Stock Exchange in 2006 (kosdaq:084110), and its main business covered the capital 2.
In several areas, including drugs, medical devices, beauty products, special medicines, from skin protection to disinfection, water, from bouria to new coronal test kits, well-known products such as the DeMartha Hydrogen Injector, A. 3. q3, accelerated growth in performance, medicine in the U.S. urinary Acid industry.
In 2020, Huonsbio earned q1 in 2020 and 2021, respectively, a high-scene-American three-quarterly review.
High Growth-Emerica In-depth Research, Huonsbio, First, by investing in huonsbio, further strengthening collaboration with huons, reducing some of the uncertainties that future producers will bring, reducing investment risks and enhancing revenue collection
Second, there is currently a series of medical and aesthetic products in the research and development stage, and the acquisition of its assets by the United States of America can generate deep synergies in the commercial value of research and development, business, etc. Third, the United States of America has a business arrangement not only in the Chinese market, but also abroad, and it can be held by the United States of America.
In addition, the houns’ powerful overseas distribution channels are expected to add momentum to the global market for products under the Ameri flag. We look forward to the company’s core product, its core product, and its high panda needles, which continue to be released, and we are not considering mergers and acquisitions of huons.
Production R & D is not as fast as expected; increased competition in the market for bouriate products risks a decline in net interest rates; market roll-out is not as fast as expected Analysis of relevant reporting ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment