Accelerating entry into the Botox Market, future branding of Wei Hongmei, replenishment of huonsbiopharmaco., ltd. (hereinafter “huonsbio”)
800,000 shares of the company that purchased the bid; the company intends to use 53,496.6 million won (the excess fund of the People's Dollar 305 million for the contract) to purchase 8.8% of the shares of the company that holds the target Huonsglobalco.ltd. (hereinafter “huonsglobal”).
On the same day, the company's board of directors agreed to issue offshore foreign shares (h shares) and to apply for listing on the main board of Hong Kong United Exchanges Ltd.: in order to complete this listing, the company was agreed to convert to offshore collection.
In 2018, the company signed a cooperation agreement in China with the Korea company Huons for the production of a type-a botulinum toxin product, cooperating domestically in the development of botulinum toxin and expanding the company’s medical and American lines.
In light medicine, the market for botulinum toxins is growing faster than for botulinum acid. According to the stumpage advisory, from 2016 to 2018, China’s formal market for botox rose from 2.24 billion yuan to 3.92 billion yuan, and the cagr 32.3% was in the pre-clinical phase of the company’s botox development project.
Pre-R & D is slower than Bear Pharmacy, Precision Medicine, and Huaxi Organisms. (2) Huonsbio, formerly the huons global, has now been split into a huonsglobal subsidiary. This replenishment and acquisition of huonsbio shares has helped to enhance the integration of resources between companies and huonsbio.
As a positive information-sharing mechanism and good synergies, both sides will be encouraged to develop and market their products in the field of medical and aesthetic markets, especially to better advance the progress of the botox project. Huons has a unique advantage in helping companies to open up overseas markets.
In South Korea, where the medical industry is highly developed, products are highly recognized in the global market. Hutox “Orange Poison” is a South Korean 4th commercial meat toxin product (known in South Korea as liztox) and is a national medical grey-producing ring.
The company, together with Huonsbio, can complement each other by focusing on China’s domestic market, promoting local brands, and looking at global markets as a powerful strategy.
Companies are listed in h shares, and support companies are expanded in size. If companies are listed successfully, large amounts of money will be available in the short term to help companies upgrade their R & D capabilities, further promote domestic and external R & D projects, strengthen domestic and foreign business cooperation, etc.: raising funds for branding, marketing capacity enhancement, etc.
From the point of view of the capital market, listing at the port would lower the threshold for foreign purchases and increase the liquidity of corporate shares in the secondary market. Investment advice: a company focused on medically fine products, which is a domestic leader of urinate needles.
The U.S. products are rich, enjoy a medical bonus, actively develop new products, superimpose masonry needles, and be on the market in the near future, and the company will grow up in the future. We expect less than expected; the risk of renewal; and the risk of market failure.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.