The acquisition of 25.4 per cent of Korea's huonsbio equity, and cooperation to deepen competitiveness The Emerica (300896.sz) incident: the company intends to buy 25.4 per cent of Korea's medical and American company huonsbio for $886 million
The company has issued an announcement to buy 25.4% of the shares of the Korean medical and American company Huonsbio for $886 million. We believe that the company, as a national medical producer, has continued to grow as star products such as Hives, and that new products such as a living bubble needle and a pavilion needle (which is expected to be approved in the second half of the year) are expected to increase in the future. We maintain a profit projection, and we anticipate that we will continue to do so.
• Medical and American products in the main camp of huonsbio, represented by a type of bottox, which have been approved in South Korea: the company's purchase of huonsbio 800,000 shares for a $581 million replenishment and the purchase of huonsbio 8.8 per cent of huonsbio (420,000 shares) held by huonsglobal for a total of 886 million yuan.
The post-Americans will hold 25.4% shares in huonsbio. Huonsbio: (1) The Botox Operations Department, formerly a huonsglobal (main camp operations cover medical equipment, medical beauty, etc., and famous products such as the DeMartha Water Light Injector, Alevebo, urea, hutox bottox, etc.) was split into its fully-owned subsidiaries in April 2021.
(2) The development, production and sale of medically related biological products in the main camp of huonsbio, represented by a type of botulinum toxin, whose botox has been approved in Korea in April 2019 (the Korean brand is Liztox), with a billion yuan/2.84 million yuan and 2,021q1 won/net profit of $34.48 million/$85.8 million, respectively.
In September 2018, a cooperation agreement was signed in China with the Hunsglobal wholly-owned company for the production of a botulinum toxin product (in relation to the application for clinical trials and registration in China, which is now in the clinical trial phase).
Synergy in R & D and marketing is expected to further enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. Corporate Information Updates – a quarterly performance of medical excellence builds barriers to competition, core brands are growing at a high rate, and new products are expected to contribute to the growth
The company is expected to lead the growth of the star's high-yielding product -- a national medical champion whose technology, safety and effectiveness have been recognized by downstream medical and American institutions and terminal consumers, and whose brands such as "Hi" and "Effie" and "Bonida" are becoming more influential.
Corporate Information Updates - Star Product Highs, which enhance end-to-end stickyness through improved distribution networks and enhanced academic outreach training at the end of the pipeline, product-to-product ownership, collaborative R & D, investment in equity, etc., are expected to contribute to the company's continuous growth.
The company's first cover report - the indigenous doctor's head, the urinary acid as a red flower - 2020.10.28