• Events: The company achieved high growth in revenue and profits in the first quarter of 2021. The company issued a quarterly report: 259 million yuan (+227.52%) in revenue from 202iq1 and 171 million yuan (+296.50%) in net profit from repatriation, with high growth expectations. We believe that, in the economic age, “beautiful” demand was driven lightly.
We keep the profit projections constant, the impact of the epidemic on health-care consumption is expected to disappear, and the company’s differences and the dominance of star products are evident.
As the impact of the epidemic on health-care beauty consumption has gradually been eliminated, the advantage of the company's different layouts and branding of star products has been shown, with 2021q1 having seen a significant increase in revenue at the end of the year compared to +227.52%, and ring q4 also increasing by 5.92%. Specifically, we expect a rapid increase in corporate star product high sales, in which panda needles end up selling.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate of 2021q1 is 92.5 per cent, an increase of 2.67 ptt compared to the previous year, which is expected to be associated with a change in product structure (high Māori heights, panda needles, etc.) and a significant improvement in the cash flow of companies operating at $155 million (2020q1 to $8.16 million).
• In the era of the economy, where medical champions built up barriers to competition, new products were introduced with the promise to contribute more. In the era of the economy, “beautiful” demand was driven by the booming development of light-medium raceways; the company was a national medical champion, and the technology, safety and effectiveness of products were recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers.
In the future, companies will become deeply involved in corporate operations through improved marketing networks, enhanced academic outreach training, etc., and increased end-to-end stickyness; product end-to-end
The company's first coverage report - a local medical champion, autonomous R & D, collaborative R & D, investment in equity, etc., promotes product upgrading and new product R & D and builds barriers to competition.
In addition, the company ' s paint needle products are expected to be approved in the course of the year, folding into new high-potential markets, such as the Bureau ' sa botulinum and Lilalupe injection fluids (used in chronic weight management), and are expected to contribute to the company ' s growing volume in the future.