Emmett (300896.sz) Aluminium urinary accelerates from the country's light-manufacturer, and a large monolithic tycoon that continues to be released in 2021: q1's operating income in 2021, net profit from the return of the mother, deduction from the parent's net gain.
The company focuses on the US-American industry, and continues to lead the development of the Chinese botulinum injection product, which is now the best, Bonida, Evelyn/Emifei,
There are six products: Himei, Mimei plus one, and Breathing, among them, Himei (the only one in the country to inject a carnival with a bouriate product), Evelyn and Bonida as the three core species of the company, which have a pre-emptive advantage in the domestic market; In research products such as a needle, botulinum, Lilalu diet drugs, etc.
The net return to mothers rose from $500 million to $440 million, reaching 450 million in Cagr, or 90.4 per cent, respectively, of the year, and has now been transformed into several commercialized projects, including panda needles, which began to be promoted in August 2020, with an eye-to-eye resistance, with brand influence and eye-to-eye adaptive effects.
In 2020, q1-q4, the company collected 0.8, 1.6, 2.2, 250 million yuan in a single quarter, corresponding to changes - 21.0 per cent, 16.3 per cent, 43.2 per cent, 51.0 per cent; and the net profit of the parent.
The impact and the spread of new products has continued to grow at a high rate of q1 growth in 2021, yielding $260 million, creating a single license plate barrier + a continuous high R & D input + a continuous high-empowerment marketing system to build the company’s branded moat. The company’s main camp product is iii-type medical devices, and a product was prepared for registration and approval in the prior period, usually at a time of five to five years.
Over the last six years, complex approval processes have created a pre-emptive advantage for products such as high barriers in the industry and high-rises. A high proportion of professional R & D talent has provided insurance for companies to continuously introduce new technologies and products that meet market demands.
The company currently has 91 R & D workers, or 23.5% of the total number of companies. The company continues to give market access to 5,000 medical and aesthetic institutions in the autonomous regions of the provinces and cities.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants obtain the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.