On April 26, the company published a quarterly report for 2021, and 2021q1 managed to collect 259 million yuan.
The net profit from maternity rose by 228 per cent in the same year; net profit from maternity by 171 million yuan in the same year by 296 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation by mothers by 296 per cent in the same year; and growth in the main business by over-projected volume and strong growth in the primary business by 2,021q1 companies by 259 million yuan, or 228 per cent in the same year and 5 per cent in the ring by 5 per cent in the same year, and net profit from maternity by 171 million yuan, or 296 per cent in the same year.
13%. As the impact of the epidemic fades away, the company’s core product, the high volume and panda needles continue to be released.
The net interest rate has risen further. The sales cost rate is 10.7% (-3.4 pct), and the height of the height is high.
Recognition drives the release of new panda needles, with revenues increasing at a faster rate than sales costs; management cost rate 3. Q3 accelerated growth, medically urogenic acid industry 4.5 per cent (-6pt), mainly due to increased sales staff and labour costs, but due to increased revenue
High-scene-Emerica 3-quarterly reviews, with higher speeds, resulted in lower sales rates; 92.5 per cent Māori, an increase of 2.7 per cent in the same year, a net interest rate of 64 per cent, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year, the continued release of Māori products panda needles and lower levels of Māori
4. "As a result of a slight decline in the number of Effrey Ximian products, which are the leading products in the medical field, R & D + Sales Drive.
The product line layout is reasonable and sustainable. The medical use of products for skin filling, with modifiers for the left, the transparent sodium-acid gel project of the microballs of the dysentery, has reached the stage of registration and is expected to take the lead in the blue sea market of the gelatin protein stimulant, combined with the company's long-term storage channels and product strength.
The company's product matrix is reasonably configured, followed by a product line of 39% public and 33% public.
▪ Less advanced than expected in product R & D; risk of falling net interest rates due to increased competition in the market for bouriate products; market roll-out less than expected Analysis of relevant reporting ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment