q1 shows a bright performance, and the vanguard is further consolidated.
Wei Hongmei's net profit on the shareholders of listed companies was $171 million, an increase of 296.50 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and the net profit on the shareholders of listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was $162 million, an increase of 303.31 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
In 2021, q1 performed beyond expectations, with a record high net interest rate on sales. In 2021, q1, the firm ' s real advantage continued to emerge, while it provided advanced technical training and marketing guidance to doctors ' groups and downstream institutions, resulting in company star products such as "Hi" , "Effley" and "Bonida"
In terms of profitability, the q1 BD sales were 92.50% in 2021, which remained high; net interest rates on corporate sales reached 63.94% over the same period, creating a record high of quarterly net interest rates, reflecting strong profitability.
The company’s market for transparent sodium acid filler products is further enhanced. The company’s technological leadership, rich product layout, and leading the medical beauty industry.
The annual income from Hives as a core product from syringes has reached 447 million yuan (2019 Heights, which is a continuation of the 2020 trend, mainly as a result of high growth in high-yield products, reflecting the company ' s market share in filling boulina and a rapid increase in brand visibility).
The company will continue to pursue its sustainable development strategy in 2021.1 The marketing network will continue to be improved, the All-China Academy will be operated, academic outreach and technical training will be strengthened, and the marketing of products and national branding will be further promoted through deeper participation in the operation of institutions.2 The efficiency of business management will be further optimized and information will be made available.
Product R & D, refined manufacturing, quality control, marketing and channel management, supply and demand balance of supply chains, and each company ' s business chain. 3 Companies will continue to maintain their new product roll-out capabilities, promoting product upgrading and new products by strengthening autonomous R & D, collaborative R & D, investment in equity, etc.
Development. Currently, the company's skin-filled coronary needles are expected to be proven at 2021h2, the meat tox needles and thin body product Lilalupi is clinically in place, and the deoxychotic injection fluid for local soluble lipids has been invested in: the company focuses on aesthetic products and is a domestic urinary needle tap.
The U.S. products are rich, enjoy the benefits of the medical industry, actively develop new products, superimpose the paint needles, and be on the market in the near future, and the company will grow in good time. We expect the public rating system's “market index” reference to be 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.