Emmett (300896.sz): Acquisition of shares in huonsbio, co-enabling the expansion of medical and aesthetic business maps Industry classification: social services
On the evening of 24 June, the American-Americans issued a bulletin on the use of part of the excess fund-raising replenishment and the acquisition of part of the shares of the Korean nation huonsbiopharmaco., Ltd., to use some 581 million yuan in excess funds against huonsbiopharmaco., ltd.
After the replenishment and the acquisition are completed, the United States of America will love each other for 8.8% of the shares of companies held in Huonsglobalco., ltd. (hereinafter “huonsglobal”).
Huonsbio has a strong research and development and product advantage in the area of botox.
In April 2019, Hoonsbio split from huonsglobal into a fully-owned subsidiary, and the main business of huonsbio was the company index for almost a year and the depth of 300.
The development, production, and sale of medically related biological products, represented by a type of botulinum toxin product, has been approved for sale in Korea and the European and American regions. The use of botulinum as an important product line for medically injected United States products is widespread, and is usually used to remove wrinkles and thin faces.
At the end of the product: as a domestic medical champion, American-Americans can use huonsbio for products and research in the medical market.
Synergy and convergence, enriching the company ' s product lines, making botulinum toxin products a new growth point for the company, expanding business profiles in the company and improving overall competitiveness; at the market end: working with Huonsbio, it is expected that the company will be helped to upgrade its internationalization strategy.
Global leaders in investment-related fields, the introduction of advanced technology and results from overseas frontiers, drive firms to grow, expand overseas markets, and enhance corporate overall competitiveness. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies focus on the medical beauty industry, through autonomous R&D priorities.
The launch of a series of multi-medic and transparent sodium sodium acid injections has created a brand of products with market influence. This collaboration with overseas leading firms has not only been able to strengthen technology, develop and enrich product groups, but also to further expand the market, both within and outside the country, and hopefully open up.
At the same time, the company’s start-up stock is on the market, and sufficient funds are injected into the public sector’s strategic expansion. We expect the company’s net return profit increase risk in 2021-2023; policy regulation, etc.
Capital Building Central Shipping Securities Co. Ltd.