890 million quid pro quo shares 25.4 per cent of the Korean company huonsbio, further enhancing the certainty of botulinum products
On June 24th, the company announced that it was going to use some RMB 581 million in excess fund-raising against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
The state huonsbiopharmaco., ltd. Replenishes 800,000 shares; plans to use about RMB 305 million in excess funds to buy Korea huonsglobalco., Ltd., a company holding the bid huonsbiopharmaco., Ltd. 8.8% shareholding 420,000 shares.
Upon completion, Emerald held a total of 1.2 million shares in huonsbio, accounting for 25.4% of the shares, and developed deep collaboration with well-known medical and aesthetic companies in Korea, which helped to strengthen their research and development capabilities and medical excellence. Huonsglobalco., Ltd., a well-known Korean pharmaceutical and medical equipment business, 2006
At the Korean Stock Exchange, the main business covers a wide range of health areas, such as drugs, medical devices, beauty products, etc. Huonsglobal is the name of a large family of sons, including two listed companies.
The business sector, established in April 2021, is now a fully-owned subsidiary with meat and toxic toxin products. Korea’s medical research and development skills and industry are leading the world, and the deal is a good deal for companies to become familiar with, introduce foreign front-line technology, and direct them to new technologies, new methods, and research.
In September 2018, the company signed with the South Korean company Huons the exclusive ownership of a meat toxin product in China.
Acting Cooperation Agreement, with a 10-year proxy period, the product is now in its third phase of clinical operation in the country.huonsbio, formerly a bioproducts business unit of the Huonsglobal group, has been registered in Korea in April 2019 for its botox product, which is registered in several countries around the world.
A market value of a market share (100 clinical trials and registered sales). As a result of this transaction, Emmett became a huonsbio shareholder, reducing uncertainty about the form of agency cooperation, while at the same time hoping to continue to enjoy the return on investment.
According to the White Paper on the New Oxygen Medicine and American Industry, in 2019, the amount of botulinum toxins was 32.67% in the injection program, and the model is expanding, and the field of medicine is promising. Deep binding with huonsbio is conducive to keeping the market in order to promote the production of botulinum products as a new growth point.
• Increased integration with high-quality overseas resources will enable companies to expand the global market. Huonsbio is divided from huonsglobal, with clear strategic planning for global market expansion and medium- and long-term R & D, and a range of products are still in the R & D phase.
The positive information-sharing and resource integration of huonsbio, the synergy between the two sides in the development and operation of medical and aesthetic products, the sharing of advantages in marketing channels, the accumulation of certified declarations on global market registration, and the promotion of corporate products into global markets.
Quarterly review: collection + 227%, net profit  profit forecast and investment rating: taking into account the continued rapid release of the "Hinger" series of products, we anticipate +296%, performance is over-expected, post-infection complete
2- Emmett (300896), "Hi" double. Keep the "buy-in" rating. High ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and downs.
Emmett (300896): Lilaru Clinical Trials were approved and weight-loss products were produced.