The Center for Medical Health Research, “Froom needles”, has been officially approved, and the Amerian growth has given new impetus to the Americian application, “The Convergence and Transparency Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium gel”
On June 24, the National Institute of Drug Control approved the entry of the “child's needle” into the market as the second child of national origin, and in the context of the compliance of the second child with the market, it is expected that the “child's pin” will be over-intended.
On the one hand, we believe that high demand will lead to greater market space; on the other hand, in the context of the gradual regularization of the medical market, compliance products have higher barriers to competition.
In the year, approvals were obtained, and the future domestic market is expected to grow rapidly with the listing of the compliant species; 2. Lilalu Pin has been approved for clinical treatment for weight management disorders, while non-compliant products are expected to be phased out of the market and corporate products are expected to capture the market for this variety.
3. q3 Performances Accelerating Growth, Multi-level Products in Medicine and Uranium Acids Building Quality Phenomenals, which are expected to go hand in hand.
This time, the puppies promote or benefit from the previous market 4. "Micro-Purple Uurinate, R & D + Sales Drive, Advocacy and End Channels accumulated rapid release, which is more persistent than ordinary pupure fillings."
High Growth-Emergency Research, a broader adaptation, the impact of the plla stimuli can make the real cortex thicker and improve the wrinkled persistence of the living skin.
“Consumption upgrades,” leading to an increase in corporate performance as a whole. We look forward to the company’s core product boom and its high panda needles being kept in stock, leaving aside the impact of mergers and acquisitions on companies’ profits and financial costs: the company is expected to achieve a net return profit for 21-23 years.
The product is not as fast as expected; the risk of a fall in net interest rates is due to increased competition in the market for bouriate products; the market is not as popular as expected; and the volume of new products is not as high as expected;
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment