“Care needles” were approved, and the status of minor medical doctors in the country was consolidated.
The company's translucent sodium sodium acid gel, which contains left-tried emulsion microballs, has been officially approved.
The product is medically modulated and transparent sodium gels of sodium silicate condensate, used to repair wrinkles, fill the dents and re-elasticize the aging skin by stimulating the regeneration of human skeletal gelatins, with the effect of improving wrinkles, tightening tightness, and increasing elasticity.
In the traditional case of sodium translucency translucency, the product, because it contains microballs of left-claded emulsions, can be used to restore skin by means of a jab, pulmonary regenerative mechanisms, as compared to the first generation of acupuncture needles sculptra, which has a good capacity filling effect due to maternal fluids as sodium translucency translucency transparency acid gels;
In addition, the re-product effect period is expected to last 18 months, and is a long-acting filling product. At present, the domestic market for urogenic acid is competitive in the Red Sea, but there is not much of a good supply of medical products that can satisfy the diverse needs of beauty seekers. We believe the product is expected to be excellent in terms of "filling, repairing, long-lasting."
To address the pains of the current general market for urinate fillers, it is one of the star products of the long-acting fill-up product of the gelatin stimulant. The puppies are expected to quickly open up the high-end market and enhance corporate brand competitiveness.
The market is dominated by boulic acid, which is growing rapidly, with 66.59 per cent of injecting medicine and beauty projects in 2019 increasing by 53.11 per cent, according to the White Paper on the New Oxygen Medicines Industry.Frost&sullivan data show that the three main national brands of bovine urea for the period 2016-2019 (Emi-Men) are the main ones.
In 2019, the top three producers were overseas brands, and their share of the market was nearly 60%, which led to an increase of 7.6 percentage points. In market patterns, however, the country’s product plates were still distributed mainly at the lower and middle end of the market.
Brands are relatively scarce in the high end filler market. Previously, only Bonida, Ebeve, reference to the end-price bands of microball-based rubber-based stimulus products in the domestic market were officially approved, and we expect the company ' s product to become a product with appropriate market education and promotion.
The company’s leadership has been further strengthened by the continued abundance of product lines and the marked competitive advantage of differentiation. The public administration has a unique vision and forward-looking layout in the field of medicine and beauty, and is transparent from the 2009 listing of the country’s first tranches.
Qualitative acid fillings, followed by the approval of a number of innovatively designed products in the country that form a rich and differentiated and competitive product line, with a particularly strong branding represented by "Hi" . We believe that companies will show up as the needles are marketed and the products are marketed.
+297 per cent, net profit +297 per cent +296 per cent, performance and post-infection
2- Emmett (300896), "Hi" double, 101 times. Maintain the "buy-in" rating. High-growth, high-performing, strong cash flow.
Emmett (300896): Lilaru Clinical Trials were approved and weight-loss products were produced.