I'm going to invest in the huonsbio, and I'm going to join forces for development.
Bio800,000 shares: the company intends to use 53,497 million won (equivalent to RMB 305 million) to acquire 420,000 shares of 8.8% of the huonsbio held by Huonsglobal. Upon completion of this acquisition and replenishment, the American-Americans held a total of huonsbio 1.22 million shares, with a 25.4% share ratio.
Xiao Fei’s strategy for internationalization has been laid down, and is to invest 25.4% of the shares of the Korea huonsbio company.
Hutox obtained a product registration certificate in Korea in April 2019, and the Korean market brand name Liztox. In September 2018, an agreement was signed between A-Americans and Huonsglobal full-time subsidiaries for cooperation in China on a type-a botulinum toxin product, which is now in the clinical trial phase and has been approved for A-Mimi.
Li Xing, who sells the product on the sole agency of China for a 10-year period, works more closely with each other. From the trade pricing, the company obtained 25.4% of the Huonsbio company for over 886 million yuan.
Huonsglobal, a well-known Korean pharmaceutical and medical equipment company, is currently on the Korean Stock Exchange, with its main business coverage covering a wide range of areas of health, including medicine, medical devices, beauty products, specialized medicine, and nursing.
Skin to disinfection water, from boulic acid to a new coronary virus test box, with famous products such as the DeMartha Water Light Injector, the Olive Puretic Acid, and Hutox Botox. Huonsglobal now earns 3,137 million yuan in 2020, with a net profit of 256 million yuan and a corresponding net interest rate of 8% for the botox industry.
This trade is good for familiarity with, introduction of foreign frontier technologies, guidance to companies in applying new technologies, new methods, and better and faster achievement of stage-by-stage R & D results; and, on the other hand, for companies to become familiar with R & D, registration declarations, market competition in different parts of the globe.
Among other things, the development of a global patent application for R & D and the gradual expansion of the overseas market, Emmett (300896.sz): there are good market prospects for botulinum toxins and close cooperation between the two sides will help to gain a higher market share in the future.
\triangleright's flagship pole, with only four products approved within the industry, included dysport and letybo in the process of promotion, with a better pattern of competition.
The company is in the clinical trial phase, working with the firm ' s close equity partners to support domestic market regulation, and with its good market extension capacity and stronger institutional cohesiveness, it is expected to achieve a more profitable forecast and investment rating in the future: the recovery of the epidemic drives the industry ' s high profile and high-performance expectations.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Panda needles are well promoted, actively laid-out product lines such as panda needles, and there's a lot of room for us to grow up.
I don't know, cinda securitiesco. ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, risk factors: high sales are not as good as expected; demand in the industry is deteriorating, etc.
\triangleright Li , Master of Finance, University of Makantan, three years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sindam securities industry in 2020, and engaged in cosmetics & medical beauty in parts that have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.