The demand for light medicine and beauty continues to flourish, with q1 performance growing at a high rate.
As the negative effects of the epidemic were gradually eliminated and the advantages of the distribution of differentiated products emerged, the performance of 2021q1 was on the rise, generating 259 million yuan (+227.52 per cent) in a single quarter.
In the aftermath of the outbreak, domestic medical demand recovered rapidly, and core products such as company "Hi" or "Effie" or "Bonida" underwent a major up-front build-up, a significant increase in sales and a sharp increase in repayments.
The net cash flow from operating activities during the first quarter of the year was $155 million, an increase of 1998.04 per cent over the same period. Cost controls have become better and operating efficiency has continued to improve.
High Māori product fast-discharges. q1 Sales costs increased by 148.58% over the year due to the increase in the number of sales staff and the increase in labour costs, but given the high rate of revenue collection, companies maintained good control at the cost side, with a sales cost of 10.68% (-3.39pt) and a management cost of 4.53%
Increased research and development efforts, anchoring the Blue Sea Market of the “Farm needles”, the research-Emerica 2020 report of the National Dollar Securities Corporation (300896), are mainly used to promote the upgrading of products and the development of new ones, of which the “Farm needles” are on the table.
The project for transparent sodium sodium acid gels with modifier microballs was approved in the third quarter of 2020 for the research of the State dollar securities company Emeri (300896).
The product mixes transparent acids and pllas into pre-filled syringes for refilling, homogenizing distribution without massage; short-term, supported by transparent acids, long-term use of plla to stimulate regenerative proteins to combine short- and long-term effects.
The beauty flow of Liu Hyemin for natural effects, which can be degraded by humans, has high safety and has not been supplemented/upgraded as a basic transparent acid filler, will further broaden the quality of injecting medicine.
There is still much room for improvement in product penetration, access to the surface. As the company gets high, new products are available and operational efficiency increases.
Increased competition in the market; less than expected promotion of new products; less than expected development; and more than expected. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.