The company published a quarterly report in 2021: q1 ' s operating income in 2021, net profit from maternity, net profit from non-mortality, RM 260 million, RM 170 million, RM 162 million, an increase of 227.5 per cent, RM 296.5 per cent and 303.3 per cent, respectively.
The company is a leading company in the country in the field of light medicine and beauty, with a diversified and differentiated product matrix. The company focuses on the US-based industry and continues to lead the development of Chinese boulin acid injection products.
(b) Research on products such as puppies, bottox, Lilalu platinum, etc., increased to $710 million, resulting in net profit to mothers from $50 million to $440 million, with cagr achieved, respectively.
Four hundred and fifty million dollars a year, or 90.4 per cent, of cagr, have now been transformed into several commercialized projects, including panda needles, which began in August 2020, focusing on anti-degenerative behaviour, and the growth of the system ' s products, thanks to brand influence and eye week adaptive behaviour.
The net profit rate continues to rise at a quarterly rate. q1-q4 in 2020, with a single quarterly revenue of 0.8, 1.6, 2.2, 250 million yuan, a year-on-year change - 21.0 per cent, 16.3 per cent, 43.2 per cent, 51.0 per cent; the parent ' s net profit is 0.4, and the company ' s growth rate of q1 continued at a high rate in 2021, yielding a single quarter of 260 million yuan.
The license plate barrier + the continuous high R & D input + the continuous high-empowerment marketing system builds a corporate branded moat. The company’s main business is iii-type medical devices, a product that usually takes five to six years to be registered, and a complex approval process creates high barriers in the industry and a pre-existing monopoly on products such as high-growth.
The pool of professional R & D talent provides a protection against the company’s continuous introduction of new technologies and products that meet market demands. The company currently has 91 R & D personnel, or 23.5% of the total number of companies.
For the first time, the coverage was rated “enhanced” and the company had the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
All data used are from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, clear and accurate reflection of the author ' s research views in the present report, and seeking independence