Three heavy jobs (600031) in depth report continued high growth in performance, leading the industry back to excellence, leading the engineering and machinery industry, which over 18 years has outperformed expectations. The company is the leader of the engineering and machinery industry in our country.
Enterprises, which are the first to benefit from the recovery of the industry, perform over 18 years of high-market expectations. Company concrete machinery, excavator machinery, vehicle cranes above 100 tons, cranes above 50 tons, etc.
The market for goods is the largest in the industry. Farming along the national market along the “one-way” line, the overall industrial layout of companies coincides with the “one-way” area of about 75%. In January-September of 18 years, companies exported 4,477 excavators, an increase of 74.6% over the same period, and exports amounted to 32.3%.
The climate has been rising, companies have repaired their balance sheets, and financial indicators have improved significantly.
In the last three quarters, the sales of company excavators, car cranes, etc. have increased faster than the industry, and the recovery has benefited first. Future cranes and pumps will be upgraded.
The demand will be expected to be a strong driver of sustained recovery in the industry. The combined share of the concrete and crane operations in the first half of 18 years is as high as 45.0%.
With the revival of the multi-donor engineering and machinery industry, the boom in the excavator market is expected to continue. Benefiting from housing, capital investment, renewed demand and the drive to export the “one-way” region, the engineering sector has recovered since the end of the 16th century, and the industrial recovery has been stronger in 18 years, and is now in progress.
In the recovery process, the concentration of the industry has been increasing, with the cr4/cr8 in the country rising to 54.0%/77.7% in January/August of 18 years, and the advantage of leading firms gradually giving the excavator market a new feature of “a very good season and a very light season”.
It is expected to increase, adding up the need for continuous up-to-date demand and better regional exports along the way, and another peak in sales is expected in the next season of November and December. We expect a full 18-year investment proposal: the company's performance in both the first half of 18 and the first three quarters will be higher than expected, and we'll be in the past.
1. One of the largest manufacturers of engineering machinery in the country.
Three heavy workers were founded in 1989 at the Welding Materials Factory in the city of Yuen, Hunan Province, established in 2000 as a Public Shares Department, and landed in Shanghai in 2003 as one of the poles of my national corporation. After nearly three decades of development, the company has now become one of the largest manufacturers of engineering machinery in the country.
The company is mainly involved in the development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of engineering machinery. The company’s products include concrete machinery, digging machinery, cranes, pyrotechnic machinery and road construction machinery.
In the first half of 2018, concrete machinery achieved sales revenue of $8.55 billion, stabilizing its first global brand: machine mining, $11.16 billion in sales, seven years in a row in the domestic market, with a market share of over 22 per cent, especially with a faster increase in the market share of medium-sized and large excavators.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report for 2018, Mr. Liang held 3.7 per cent of the company ' s shares, 56.4 per cent of the tri-group ' s shares, and 34.1 per cent of the company ' s shares, the tri-group ' s first shareholder.
Mr. Liang, currently Chairman of the Corporation and Director of the Trinity Group, is a prominent Chinese entrepreneur and was elected to the Chinese economy for an annual term of 500 years in 2011: in 2016, he was ranked 48th on the list of Bhun Yu. 1.2 The research and development power industry is leading high-end manufacturing in China.
Top industry in corporate research and development, with 2 national enterprise technology centres, 3 national doctoral post-doctoral centres, 3 academic specialist workstations, 4 provincial enterprise technology centres, 1 national certified testing centre, 2 provincial priority laboratories, 4 provincial engineering technology centres, 1 mechanical engineering technology research centre and 1 province
The company has hosted and participated in 72 national, industry-based standards and revisions: two China Standards for New Contribution awards. Ten national projects, 17 national priority new product projects, 13 national torch projects, national major technology equipment development projects, national enterprise technology centres specializing in innovation, and the country.
More than 40 national-level topics, such as major technology transfer projects. Concrete pump critical technology research and development and applications, platform for technological innovation in engineering and machinery, large-ton series of track-up lifts.
Reloading the core hydraulic parts of the engineering machinery has received a second national award for technological inventions. The emerging results of science, technology and innovation have been a powerful boost to the rapid growth of firms.
In the first half of 18 years, R&D expenditure amounted to 1.43 billion yuan, representing 5.1 per cent of operating income, an increase of 0.8 percentage points over the same period last year.
Figure 4: 86-metre long-arm pump, autonomously developed by the company
A series of iconic products, such as a ton-level mounted crane, China’s first hybrid excavator, a8-mart master of the world’s first mobile set, a4-m2 windmill cranes, a brand-new 48-metre large-scale high-speech fire truck, led to high-end manufacturing in China.
1.3 Deep-farming markets along the “one-way” line, with high levels of re-innovation in exports, are the only engineering and mechanical firms in the “one-way” top 50 rankings for national information centres for the first time. Thirty-one currently have 15 factories in many countries around the world, such as Germany, the United States, and India.
The Division is determined to promote internationalization and the cultivation of national markets along the “one-way” route, where the overall industrial layout and the “one-way” zone coincides with about 75 per cent. On the “silk route economic belt”, the North-West Park is built on the three-way north-west industrial park, which is oriented towards north-west, irradiated Central Asia;
On the twenty-first century Sea Silk Road, which follows the Shanghai Stream, three successively created Shanghai, Zhejiang, Pearl Sea.
Domestic equipment plants, based on overseas industrial bases such as India and Indonesia, together with the ongoing construction of the Trinity Ethiopian Production Park, have largely formed a complete “sea Silk Road” industrial belt.
Figure 8: Number and rate of growth of company excavators in the current month (stage, %) Figure 7: Corporate revenue from overseas operations and speed of increase (billion yuan, %) In the first half of 18 years, corporate revenues abroad amounted to $6.61 billion, an increase of 8.5 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate of overseas operations reached
25.6 per cent, an increase of 1.2 percentage points in the same year, leading the entire industry. Foreign receipts accounted for 23.5 per cent of the company's total revenues, a decline, mainly due to the recovery of the domestic engineering and machinery industry and a significant increase in the sale of products such as excavators. Since 2017, the global economy has been warming, with countries along the “one-way” route investing more in infrastructure development and companies' global layout.
The quality of business in the major regions of the world has continued to improve, with an overall increase in the performance indicators of Putsmeister, the United States, the United States, and India, in the 31st, India, in the 17th year, pioneered a breakthrough of $1 billion in sales. In January-September 18 years, the company exported 4,477 excavators, an increase of 74.6 per cent over the previous three quarters of the 18th year.
Taiwan, with a 47.3 per cent increase in the same year, the ring grew by 44.4 per cent, creating a record record number of single-month exports from excavators. 18 years of excellent export data, increased demand from overseas markets became an important pole for sustained growth in corporate performance. 1.4 Full M&As, business expansion provides new dynamic energy.
In 2012, the acquisition of the world’s first brand of concrete machinery, Germany’s Putsmeister, changed the pattern of competition in the industry. The company’s ability to innovate, its experience in international business management, and its level of internationalization increased, further entrenching the “largest concrete machine manufacturer in the world.”
In the area of horizontal expansion of operations: one military worker: the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Trinity, obtained a licence for the production of weapons and equipment for scientific research in February 2016, signed an investment cooperation agreement with Paulie for the defence of technology, and established a joint venture on the basis of which it will gradually become involved in the field of military engineering.
2 Fire-fighting vehicles: The company was qualified to produce fire-fighting vehicles in April 2016. Based on mature concrete-pump vehicles folding, arm-loading techniques and pumping technology, high-fire vehicles are developed, state-of-the-art, and progressive import substitution is expected to occur.3 Smart dirt vehicles: companies adapt to smart urban trends, build Internet and intelligent products, and develop and produce production with them
The country’s leading energy-efficient smart dirt truck has the capacity to produce and sell in bulk. We believe that the company’s new business, in synergy with the existing engineering and machinery business, is promising to provide a new profit growth point for the company.4 Housing, pc equipment: in 2014, the company acquired 100% of its shareholdings at a high cost, and the whole new housing industry is well under way.
Roads: In November of the same year, the Triads entered into a partnership with Nemechek, a prefabricated pc company in Austria, to introduce its advanced pc prefabricated design - production - to build a process-wide information management software and systems. In 2018, the company transferred three-time and 60 per cent of its shareholdings and the transfer of recovered funds to permanently replenish the company ' s liquidity, which is expected to improve the company ' s cash flow.
2. The growth of domestic infrastructure, urban networks, rural water construction, etc., has benefited from a proliferation of product lines and 18 years of over-exploitation, while the replacement of stock equipment has led to increased demand and corporate performance. The recovery in engineering and machinery in the first three quarters of 18 years has been strong.
Companies, as one of the leading firms in the industry, have benefited fully from the strong rise of the industry. Since 2011, the net profits from corporate collections and homecomings have been declining for almost five consecutive years, as a result of macroeconomic and industrial overcapacity.
Both the net return and the return have increased significantly, new orders have increased significantly, and the company’s output has been largely cleared. The engineering and machinery market, led by the excavator, has been high throughout the 17-year period, with the market in the first three quarters of 18 years becoming more intense.
In the first three quarters, the industrial landscape continued to rise, and company performance maintained high growth. In 18 years, q3 companies registered revenues of $12,953 million, an increase of 44.7 per cent; and in the third quarter, the return net profit of $1.490 billion, an increase of 132.3 per cent.
The same year-on-year growth, higher performance expectations, significant improvements in the quality and efficiency of the company's operations, balance sheet repairs, and significant improvements in profitability. 18 years of continued fire in the excavator market, with monthly sales of excavators starting in May, have reached the highest level in recent years, with a new feature of a “season of good and low”, the excavator market Trinity.
The monthly rise in the city’s share led to the company’s performance in the first half of the year and the first three quarters of the year, with the company leading the industry’s recovery benefiting first. In the first three quarters of 18 years, the company’s Māori rate rose to 31.2%, with net interest rates reaching 12.3%, while the cost rate fell to 12.3% during the same period.
In the first three quarters of 18 years, corporate cash flows amounted to $8.73 billion, and in 2017 to $8.57 billion, an increase of 163.6% over the same period.
The recovery of the engineering and machinery industry and the surge in corporate performance have been more focused on quality and efficiency improvements, credit has not expanded significantly, risks have been effectively controlled and the market climate will be more sustainable. 2.2 The contribution of the excavation of machinery is prominent, and concrete machinery remains superior
Corporate products include concrete machinery, excavator machinery, crane machinery, road-building machinery, building assembly prefabricated structural elements, including pumpers, towing pumps, excavators, tracked cranes, spin-drillers, road set equipment, etc. The dominant product has become the first brand in China, with the market for concrete transport pumps, concrete transport pumps and full hydraulic presses taking over.
In 18 years, h1, the company's recovery of machines/concrete machines/heavy machines/boreworkers/roadside machines increased significantly, with the most rapid growth in excavators and cranes.
In the first half of 18 years, the company earned 39.7 per cent of the revenue from mechanical excavations, surpassing the concrete machinery, and ranked first. Since the fourth quarter of 2016, the engineering and machinery industry has continued to recover, the excavator market has been on record fire, the company has benefited first from the business rate, and the rate of Maori in 18 years' h1 excavator machines has risen by 3.8 percentage points, compared with other operations.
The share of corporate concrete machinery was 32.9%, although it was overtaken by excavators, but it was the company’s second-largest business, with a 23.8% increase of 1.2 percentage points for concrete machinery. The share of crane machinery was 14.6%, while the ranking company’s top three a, recorded a high increase in sales earnings in the first half of the year.
In addition to being based on traditional business practices, companies have been active in recent years in a number of new areas, with new businesses such as fire-fighting vehicles, environmentally friendly soil-capable vehicles, business incubators, military workers, homes, and heavy cards giving new impetus to the company’s business expansion.
Figure 15: Māori ratio of company ' s main business h1 in 2018 (%) 2.3 Major product sales lead industry, with a steady increase in city share, based on the latest Global Engineering Machinery System released by the world ' s leading engineering and machinery provider, the United Kingdom ' s Khl Group
Strong. Trinity is not only one of the leading players in the Chinese engineering and machinery industry, but also has a significant global impact, with the global engineering and machinery city accounting for 3.7 per cent in 2018. The domestic engineering and machinery industry has been recovering since the end of 2016, with market concentration in the process of industrial recovery.
The rise in the number of three-to-one workers has maintained a leading advantage and has been the first to benefit from industrial recovery. In January-September 2018, the number of excavators rose from one month to the next, while the number of excavators abroad fell from one month to the next, especially the Euro-American and Japanese brands.
In the first three quarters of 2018, all three operations were in a state of hot sales, with a huge increase in corporate orders and a significant increase in product sales. In January-September 2018, Trinity excavators sold a total of 35627 units, an increase of 59.5 per cent over the previous three quarters, with a cumulative increase of 6.2 percentage points higher than the industry average. Of these, 3,529 were sold in September, an increase of 46.9 per cent over the same period.
In January-September 18, a total of 5178 car cranes were sold, an increase of 77.2 per cent over the same period, and a cumulative increase of 8.5 percentage points over the previous three quarters. Of these, 625 vehicles were sold in September, an increase of 93.5 per cent over the same period.
In September, the company’s sales figures were excellent, and 18 years of the initial implementation of the “Golden 9 Ten” are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in October. Another year in the middle of the year, in November and December, the company’s sales are expected to be re-innovated in four quarters, leading to high growth in its performance.
In addition to excavators, car cranes, the same fires occurred in products such as three concrete pumpers, stump machines, etc. The three-column advantage was clear, leading the process of recovery in the industry by restoring balance sheets and increasing the profitability of the business. Downstream customers preferred to buy the flagship business products, and in the face of supply constraints in the industry for three lifetimes.
Production quality and productivity are higher than that of their peers. 2.4 Diversification of the demand for relays, with a turn-on recovery drama.
Mechanical, road-building, building assembly prefabricated structures, etc.. The engineering and machinery industry has been recovering since the end of 2016, the replacement of old machines has been one of the main causes of the increase in the volume of engineering machinery sales, and the tightening of environmental policies has further accelerated the recovery of old excavators, which are the first indicators of the revival of the engineering and machinery industry in the construction project.
Mechanical, followed by cranes, pumpers, tower hangers, etc. Sales of excavator data will increase the volume of heavy engineering machinery such as cranes, pumps, etc. According to the order of construction, engineering machinery products such as cranes, concrete pumps, etc. are expected to show a similar recovery to excavators.
Generally speaking, cranes, concrete pumps, as a product of the post-cycle cycle, lags for about three to six months. According to sales data, cranes, and concrete pumps are expected to sustain a strong recovery of excavators.
The recovery of the engineering and machinery industry was also accelerated by the introduction of a replacement cycle between 2016 and 2019, with a significant increase in the volume of excavator sales, which contributed significantly to the growth of Trinity. In 2017, company excavators for the first time outperformed concrete machinery and became the first business product.
In the future, cranes and pumps will be expected to function as relay excavators.
Concrete machinery and cranes are the second and third largest operations of the three largest, with a ratio of up to 45.0% in the first half of 2018. The bottom-up effect of the need to upgrade various types of engineering and machinery products will protect the company’s steady growth in its performance over the next few years.
3. Recovering the multi-donor engineering and machinery industry, benefiting from a concentrated upgrade, 3.1 real estate investments are expected to level off, capital investments are expected to increase, and excavators are the first engineering machinery to be used in the construction of real estate, and therefore the excavators are sold at a higher rate than their rooms.
The rate of new construction has increased considerably since 2016, from 1.79 billion square metres in 2017 to 7 per cent in 2017, to 1.53 billion square metres in 2018, an increase of 16.4 per cent in 2018, and the overall rate of new construction has continued to rise.
In 2018, real-estate development investment showed a steady increase, with a cumulative completion of $8.9 trillion in the first three quarters of 2018, a 9.9% increase over the previous three quarters. The increase in real-estate investment contributed to the recovery of the engineering and machinery industry in 2016, especially in the third quarter, and brought the round back to a steady pace.
As the real-estate policy environment tightens, however, we expect a rapid increase in real-estate investment to be unsustainable, and its pull-off effect on the demand for engineering machinery to slow down. Beginning in 2011, with the gradual completion of the “4 trillion” policy, fixed-asset investment began to decline, but the overall trend remains.
At a higher level. Against the backdrop of a decline in capital investment across the society, the Government has pursued countercyclical stifling policies and continued to add value to investment support for infrastructure development. Capital investment completion as a percentage of capital investment completion in towns and cities began to rise since 2012, benefiting 27.4 per cent of capital investment in 2017.
In 2017, our capital investment totalled 17.3 trillion yuan in rail, railways, roads, and ppp projects. To sustain the economic growth rate, and to further restructure the economy, the Government increased the landing rate of the ppp project, which in August 2018 had a total of 12370 deposits and, despite a drop in the total number of deposits, the ppp project fell.
As the policy is positive, the ppp development is moving from volume to quality. As the ppp project has grown in size and implementation, it is expected that our capital investment will continue for the next two years.
In the third quarter of 2018, the country’s gdp grew at a rate of 6.5%, with higher macroeconomic downward pressure. The Government attaches great importance to the steady development of the economy.
The priority tasks of structural reform on the supply side and the strengthening of the infrastructure sector are the following: 23 July 2018, regular session of the State: “A proactive fiscal policy must be made more active. Accelerating the issuance and use of this year's $1.35 trillion in local government bonds, with early results in promoting infrastructure projects in progress”; and 31 October 2018, Office of the State Council.
In September, the size of local government bonds increased by 193.6 per cent.
The ring growth rate is 80 per cent. The scale and pace of growth are high. Overlaying the rural revitalization plan, we expect capital investment to accelerate in the fourth quarter, and the power of the build-up engineering machine will continue to recover. 3.2 The renewed demand will continue to grow, looking at the “one-way” growth poles.
The peak of the previous sales of engineering machinery was in November 2008 and September 2011, and the phase-out of engineering and mechanical equipment was about 8-10 years, and we expect to enter the peak of stock replacement equipment by the end of 2016 and 2019. From the actual data for the first three quarters of 2016, 2017, and 2018, there has been a significant increase in the sales of excavators.
The mandatory implementation of national standards will provide a strong incentive for the replacement of engineering machinery. According to the bulletin issued by the Ministry of the Environment on emission standards for diesel-gas discharges for non-road-mobile machines in implementing countries, as of 1 April 2016.
From now on, all non-road mobile machines manufactured, imported, and sold, except for agricultural machinery, cannot be fitted with diesel machines that do not meet the national iii standard. This will significantly increase pollution emission control standards and product production costs in the engineering and machinery industry, accelerate the market exit of low-water production enterprises, and facilitate increased concentration in the industry and the elimination of excess capacity.
We believe that, with the enforcement of national standards, on the one hand, the exit of the existing country’s two-standard equipment will be accelerated; on the other hand, the market for two cell phones for the diversion of new machines will be severely suppressed. Under high environmental pressure, the downside models that do not meet the emission targets are expected to accelerate the liquidation, based on the current large holdings in the engineering and machinery industry and the need to upgrade the engineering machinery.
This will be one of the main drivers of growth in the industry: according to the General Customs Department, the volume of exports and imports of engineering machinery in 2017 was $24.19 billion, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same period, of which imports amounted to $4.09 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the same period; exports amounted to $20.11 billion, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same period.
The number of new contracts for outsourcing has increased from year to year, reaching US$ 265.28 billion in 2017, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period, and from January to November 2017, we signed 6201 new contracts for outsourcing projects with countries along the “one-way” route. The amount of new contracts was US$ 11.52 billion, representing 54.1 per cent of the total amount of new contracts for external contracting during the same period, an increase of 13.1 per cent over the same period.
A total of 13852 excavators were exported in January-September 2018, an increase of 109.7 per cent over the same period, of which 1689 were exported in September, an increase of 74.8 per cent over the same period. Since the second half of the year, our exports of excavators have been innovative, with countries along the “one-way” route being the main target for our exports of engineering machinery, with the Chinese-American trade war having little impact on exports of engineering machinery.
The engineering and machinery industry is making great strides in the country’s “outward” strategy. Countries and regions along the “onwards” have become the main exporters of Chinese engineering and machinery, and as the strategy progresses, our engineering and machinery sales revenue abroad.
The ratio has risen further, with the expected contribution of markets along the “one-way” route to our overseas sales of engineering machinery being over 50 per cent, which is expected to be a powerful driver of the rapid growth of our engineering and machinery industry. 3.3 The concentration of the industry is increasing, and the country's product plates are gradually moving towards import substitution.
During the first three quarters of 2018, the concentration of our engineering and machinery industry increased further, with the advantage of leading firms, markets gradually converged towards large and powerful firms, and there was a trend towards greater competition among the products of the various firms. On the international front, some of our engineering and machinery enterprises had already initially become the top engineering machines in the world.
The core competitiveness of firms, which is expected to grow further in the future as the “one-way” progresses, has been accompanied by a marked change in the pattern of the domestic machine-digging market, which has become the most important force in the industry, with a 54.3% share in the national product-plate market in January-August 2018, surpassing that of the excavator.
The third-largest, Xu, Shandong, and Willows have a steady rise in the number of major mainframe companies in the country, ranking among the top eight. The Japanese brand market, with 17.0%, has been declining in recent years, but it is still the second largest force in the excavator market. The second largest is the Euro-American brand, which is 15.8%, and the Korean brand, which is 12.9%.
In January-August 2018, the concentration of the domestic dredging machine market was 54.0 per cent and 77.7 per cent, compared with the market concentration at the beginning of the year (cr 4 = 51.2 per cent at the beginning of the year, cr 8 = 76 per cent). Two of these indicators, Cr 4 and Cr 8 show that the domestic dredging machine market is gradually moving towards high market concentration.
In January-August 2018, the largest number of excavators was in the city of the Trio-I, which reached 21.7 per cent, followed by Xu-Te Pil, 12.0 per cent, Ka Te Pil, 11.5 per cent, Doosan, 8.7 per cent, Shandong-Tao, 6.8 per cent, Willow, 5.7 per cent, Xiao Song-China, 4.6 per cent, and so on.
The country’s enterprises have largely completed the import replacement of the types of concrete equipment, bulldozers, crushers, stallers, etc., which is now making domestic firms more competitive in terms of excavators with no previous advantage. Following the earlier expansion and market mergers, competition patterns within the country’s engineering and machinery industry have been continuously adjusted and the market has gradually moved towards the market.
For example, the number of producers fell from 110 in 2012 to 20 in 2016. After more than five years of good and bad in the industry, the size and concentration of the market have increased.
Over the past decade, the concentration of the domestic machine-digging industry has changed in a “v-type” way, with massive capital investments in the machinery market, combined with the growth of the host industry and extreme letters such as “low down payment, zero down payment” and sales patterns, which have led to a deterioration of market order and a sharp decline in market concentration. After 2012, the industry has been selling.
After five years of deep adjustment, leading firms have not only completed inventory, financial recovery, and balance sheet repairs, but have also built up savings for a new industry. In the warm-up situation that began in 2016, leading firms built on their technological advantages and excellent supply chains.
Systems, rapid market responsiveness, well-developed marketing, services networks quickly took over the market, and industrial markets were highly concentrated. In the face of this recovery in the mechanical market, the industry was largely able to maintain a rational attitude, without large-scale expansion and irrational competition.
Four industries continue to perform well, and the boom in the excavator market is expected to continue with an analysis of the performance of the 4.1 engineering and machinery industry for the first three quarters of 18 years.
The component manufacturer has achieved 15,251 million yuan, an increase of 35.5 per cent in the engineering and machinery industry in the first three quarters of 18 years, and a net return of $11,132 million, an increase of 79.4 per cent, benefiting from real estate investments, capital investments, “all-way” exports and old age.
Year after year, recovery was stronger in the first three quarters of 18 years, and overall industry performance continued to improve. Point. Continued recovery in the engineering and machinery industry, further release of capacity, and firm size effects were highlighted, with high yields, high emissions, high levels of stocking, and even supply-and-demand failures in some firms, and a rising industry climate.
Net interest rates have further increased, cost rates have been declining, and net asset returns have remained high in recent years, despite a decline from 17 years. Overall, the profitability of the engineering and machinery industry has improved significantly in the first three quarters.
0.6: The inventory turnover rate was 2.6 times, an increase of 0.4 times in the same year. The accounts receivable turnover and inventory turnover rates have been rational since 17 years, with no large-scale expansion of capacity and irrational competition.
Cash flow: In the first three quarters of 18 years, the cash flow from operating activities in the engineering and machinery industry amounted to $17.23 billion, an increase of 26.4 per cent over the previous quarter, which was maintained at a high rate for the third consecutive year. Cash flow within the industry was more abundant, with significant increases in sales of major engineering and machinery products in the third quarter of 18 years.
Engineering machinery includes excavators, cranes, concrete pumps, loaders, forklifts, bulldozers, ground bulldozers, excavators, etc. For 18 years, there has been a significant increase in sales of major engineering machinery products, of which 13,408 were sold in September, an increase of 27.7 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 15.7 per cent increase in ring sales over the same period.
In addition to excavators, other engineering and mechanical products, such as car cranes, forklifts, have grown significantly. In January-September of 18 years, a total of 2,4731 vehicles were sold, an increase of 68.7% over the same period; of these, 2,453 were sold in September.
This represents a 40.4% increase in the 40.4% increase in the recovery, sales, and increases in the car crane relays. Tai, 11.3% increase in the same year, and a fall in sales in September, which, in addition to the higher base last year, was also affected by the fall in downstream investment and the macroeconomic downturn in 18 years and three quarters. Forklift sales in the first three quarters remained high, reaching almost a few.
In the first three quarters of 18 years, 82,059 loading machines were sold, an increase of 22.6 per cent over the same period; of these, 78,42 were sold in September, a decrease of 3.1 per cent over the same period, which was mainly affected by the reduction in the rate of start-up of equipment. In September, more than 1900 loading aircraft were exported, representing an increase of 11.0 per cent over the same period.
We have continued to increase the sales of loading machines to countries along the “one-way” route. 4.3 The excavator market, which is a “high and light season”, is approaching a new season in the fourth quarter. After nearly five years of deep adjustment in the engineering and machinery industry, recovery began at the end of 2016.
The recovery was stronger in the first three quarters of 2018 as a whole in 2017. The recovery is expected to continue in the fourth quarter of 2018.
The recovery has shown greater rationality, with major increases in the profitability of the mainframes, the gradual repair of the balance sheets, a qualitative leap in the quality and efficiency of their operations, and no single expansion of their capacity. The industry has been assured of a sustained recovery.
Lessons learned from the light season analysis of the excavator market reveal the following three phenomena: (1) the start-up season in March and April of each year, and the highest sales season in the excavator market, with the lowest season in July and August.
(2) Since 2018, the monthly sales of excavators have exceeded the average sales of excavators for the same period of the previous decade; since May 1818, the monthly sales of excavators have not only exceeded the average for the same period of the previous decade, but also exceeded their maximum; in particular, the mid-season of July and August has continued to grow at a high rate, with the market for excavators showing a “glow season” in 2018.
(3) The same and ring sales of excavators grew in September, and the “Golden Bank 10” gradually became operational, with new innovations expected in October, a new season in November and December, with another peak in the excavator sales, and a better market for excavators will lead to continued high growth in the performance of the mainframe plant.
Based on the development experience of the engineering and machinery industry over the past decade, the sales of excavators in the first three quarters of the year were between 72.4 per cent and 85.2 per cent, and in the first three quarters of the 18th year, 156,242 excavators were projected to be mined throughout the 18th year.
The company is the leading company in the engineering and machinery industry in our country, and it has been the first to benefit from the recovery of the industry for 18 years. Its main products include concrete machinery, excavator machinery, crane machinery, scooter machinery, road construction machinery, and so on.
In January-September of 18 years, the company exported 4,477 excavators, an increase of 74.6% compared to 32.3%, accompanied by an upturn in industry, corporate balance sheets, and finance.
The stock of excavators increased significantly in the third quarter of 2018, and the city’s share rose to 22.8% a month, reaching record levels, and kept the excavator’s seat at the top for many years. Excavator camps received more than concrete pumps, up to 39.7%, making them the company’s top business. In the future, the need to upgrade cranes and concrete pumps will be expected to connect.
Diggers are the driving force behind the sustained recovery of engineering machinery. Concrete machines and cranes are the company’s second and third largest operations, with a ratio of up to 45.0% in the first half of the 18th century.
Another peak in excavator sales is that the boom in the excavator market will lead to sustained high growth in Trinity’s performance. We expect around 198,000 excavators to be sold throughout the year 2018, an increase of around 41.3% over the same year.
In the first half of the year and in the first three quarters of the year, the performance of the company was higher than expected, and we expect a decline in the profile of the industry in 18/19; the “market index” reference point for this rating system is the depth 300 index.
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner and within the limits of his knowledge, without interference or influence from stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that it will be consistent with the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.