Murray Medical (300760.sz) registered a 1.4 per cent increase in revenue in the three quarters alone, maintained good growth in the international market, and performance was disturbed by industrial policy, with a second medium-term cash dividend.
zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn (-9.31%) caused delays in hospital procurement due to factors such as the rehabilitation of the medical sector and the upgrading of equipment, while financial constraints and low demand for hospital construction slowed down the overall growth in domestic performance.
In vitro diagnostic operations have increased and the international market has continued to grow. In vitro diagnostic production grew by more than 20% in the first three quarters of 2024, benefiting from the acceleration of overseas localization and the breakthrough of the medium sample laboratories, the international community.
External diagnostic production lines grew by more than 30 per cent, and domestic chemical lighting, biochemistry, condensation, etc., grew steadily, with chemical lighting holding expected to be more than one import brand in the country and third in the market; in the last three quarters, medical video production lines grew by more than 10 per cent, benefiting mainly from ultra-high ultrasound of whole body applications that went on the market at the end of last year.
In the first three quarters, life information and support lines fell by more than 10 per cent, benefiting from the continued breakthrough of high-end strategic clients abroad, with international growth of more than 10 per cent, but domestic decline of more than 20 per cent as a result of the delay in bidding procurement. The subregion looks at the continuing breakthroughs of high-end strategic clients and medium-sized sample laboratories overseas.
In the first three quarters of the world market, growth in both Europe and Asia and the Pacific exceeded 30 per cent.
At the same time, a retroactive adjustment was required to affect the q3 Māori rate by approximately 5.48 pct, to remove the after 24q3 Māori ratio by almost 50 per cent, to acquire two intangible assets assessed by Hye-Tai as customer relations and generic technologies, in line with the accounting standards for Märi Medical (300.760.sz) - 14 per cent increase in net profit from motherhood in the second quarter alone, and in vitro
The demand for amortization and the decline in interest rates on renminbi deposits, as well as medium-term dividends and acquisitions of Hye-Thai, led to a reduction in the cash balance. Murray Medical Care (3007.sz) - “Innovation+Globalization” - led to fewer deliveries. 2024q3 net return interest rate of 34.36% was still higher than in the whole of last year.
Merri Medical (300760.sz) - Steady growth in performance, leading to intellectual transformational upgrading of numbers Investment proposal: companies benefit from new national medical infrastructure and product rotation upgrades and accelerate high-end clients overseas
Micro-surgery, cardiovasculars, etc., are fast-growing, leading to a transformational upgrading of the “3Rs” brain-braining program. “Mary Medical Care (3007.sz)-q3 net return profits increased by 21% over the year, and the overseas plus-chemistry has achieved significant results, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Figure 1: Murray ' s Medical Business Income and Growth (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 2: Murray ' s Medical Seasonal Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Murray ' s Medical Mother ' s Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 5: Märry Medical Mäori Rate, Net Interest Rate Change Figure 6: Märi Medical Four Cost Rate Change Figure 7: Märry Medical Operating Cash Flows
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject