Incident: On October 29, 2024, Murray Medical issued a three-quarter performance report for 2024. \triangleright up by 8.16% in the previous three quarters; deducting non-net profit by $10,437 million, up 7.75% in the same quarter.
q3 achieved revenue of $8,954 million, an increase of 1.43 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $3,076 million, a decline in the same year; subregionally, international markets continued to function and domestic short-term demand was weaker.
Continuing breakthroughs in strategic clients and large- and medium-size sample laboratories, as well as in animal medicine, micro-surgery, aed, etc. seed operations, increased by over 18% in the first three quarters of the world market, with growth in both Europe and Asia-Pacific exceeding 30%. Hospitals in the country due to multiple factors such as the rehabilitation of the medical sector and the upgrading of medical equipment
Delayed procurement, coupled with tight funding for hospital construction and low demand for non-rigid medical care, increased production lines in the first three quarters of the domestic market, showing a steady increase in the municipal coverage of the three major battalions of 24q3.
The first three quarters of the production line grew by more than 20 per cent, benefiting from the acceleration of overseas localization production and large and medium sample volumes, the break-through of the laboratory, the growth of the international in vitro diagnostic line by more than 30 per cent, and the domestic chemical, biochemical, blood-celebrosis, etc.
The city’s share has risen steadily, with chemical lighting expected to take over one more import brand in the country and become the market’s full-body application of ultrasound resona20, but domestic ultrasound terminal purchases are still low.
Infatuation, the size of the domestic market as a whole has declined; 3) Life Information and Support Lines have fallen by more than 10% in the first three quarters, benefiting from continued breakthroughs by high-end strategic clients overseas, and International Life Information and Support Lines have grown by more than 10%, but domestic Life Information and Support Lines have fallen by more than 20% as a result of delays in bidding procurement.
The size of the domestic market as a whole has declined even further. Products have been enriched and innovation has continued, especially in high-end areas.
In the field of in vitro diagnosis, the company has introduced new biochemical fractions of 10 chemically active immuno-analysis reagents, 10 bioconcentration reagents and m980 fully automated bio-immuno-waterlines.
In the area of life information and support, the company has launched new products such as the ux7 series of 4k3-dimensional end-of-the-speech video systems. Investment proposals: recovery of demand based on improved domestic policy expectations, warming of bids, folding out of the sea.
\triangleright Risks; Trade Policy Overexpected; Dealer Model Risks; Exchange Rate Rate Risks. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.