A steady growth of overseas operations, waiting for domestic recovery 3-quarterly performance rating 2024 Murray Medical Care (stock code: 300760)
Incidents: 3-quarter corporate reports issued in 2024, operating revenue of 29,485 million in January-September 2024 Domestic operations affected by demand fluctuations and overseas markets made good breakthroughs: corporate revenue growth declined in the first 3 quarters of 2024, mainly from the delayed pace of recruitment of q3 domestic operations, in addition to benefits
□: chingpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn lubricant is also affected by changes in exchange gains and losses and impairments due to exchange rate fluctuations (2024q1-q3 if excluded) which affect the company ' s net profit growth of 11.00 per cent on a year-on-year basis, credit impairment loss and impairment of assets
A combination of multiple factors, such as the medical equipment upgrade project, delayed procurement of hospitals, and tight and non-rigid medical requirements for hospital construction. We believe that 2024q4 domestic operations are expected to stabilize and resume as orders related to the equipment upgrade policy are laid down and domestic bidding procurement requirements are released.
Europe and Asia-Pacific markets grew by more than 30%, benefiting mainly from continued breakthroughs in high-end strategic clients and large- and medium-sized sample volumes overseas, as well as the release of seeds such as animal medicine, microsurgery, aed, etc. In vitro diagnostic production lines perform better, life information and support operations are under short-term pressure: at production lines.
1) In vitro diagnosis: in January-September 2024, the company ' s in vitro diagnostic line grew by more than 20 per cent, mainly as a result of the acceleration of off-shore localization production and the breakthrough of large-scale sample laboratories, with international markets growing by more than 30 per cent, domestic chemical, biochemical, condensed blood, etc., with a steady increase in the incidence of chemical luminous domestic occupation.
The rate is expected to be more than one import brand and to be third in the market; 2) medical imagery: while domestic ultrasound terminals are still in a low state of purchasing and the size of the domestic market as a whole has declined, the company ' s medical image production grew by more than 10 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024, benefiting mainly from the use of ultra-high end product a20 and public
The decline in life information and support lines was about 10%, mainly due to delays in domestic bidding procurement, which resulted in a 20% slip in domestic operations, but a sharp decline in corporate markets, based on the size of the domestic market as a whole, was significantly higher. Meanwhile, company life information and support line international operations grew by more than 10% in the first three quarters, mainly in the first three quarters.
The company's R & D investment is about 2,843 million yuan, representing 9.64% of revenue. Continued high R & D investment guarantees, companies breaking through in high-end areas, and 2024q3 introducing 10 chemical luminescences in in vitro diagnostics.
1. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company’s depth_Mary’s Medical (300760) Immunoanalysis reagents, 10 biochemical analysis enrichment reagents, and m980 full automatic water escape lines more than available _ mid-2024: global layout steadily advancing, steady
New instruments and solutions. As of 2024q3, the company ' s chemical luminous reagent, nmpa, was on the market. 2. [Galaxy’s] company depth_Mary’s medical (300,760)_82 products and ce 91 products were on the market.
Annual Report 2023 and First Quarterly Report 2024: Performance meets expectations and moves further towards the global flagship; new products such as ultrasound, mx7 high-order products are launched in the area of life information and support
3. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company’s depth_Mary’s Medical Care (300,760): benehearte/l/h series semi-automatic defibrillators, ux7 series 4k3D eyeglasses from the development of global instrument giants to see the path of Murray’s drive abroad;
New products like the system. In addition, the company plans to achieve a steady growth in overall performance and high-quality development with total equity as at 30 September 2024 (1.12 billion 4. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _Mary Medical (300,760):
Investment Recommendations: Murray is the leading provider of domestic products, the best-selling medical equipment, high-end, diversified and globalized development strategy that helps companies grow into global medical equipment leaders, and overseas operations will be an important driver of corporate growth in the next 10 years. Given the recent unremitting demand for domestic procurement,
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Monxie, a Master of Quantities in Finance from the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical sector. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.