Méri Medical (300760) Medical biology 24q3 short-term pressure, ivd growing faster overseas, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: the company issued three-quarter reports in 2024 and realized a gross operating income of $29.490 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, accounting for the cost of the main business and not for the cost of the sale. The net operating cash flow of $11.07 billion (+42.5 per cent) in the first three quarters was distributed to all shareholders with a second medium-term cash share of approximately $2.0 billion, with a fraction of over 65 per cent.
• The in vitro diagnostic line has broken through a large sample of customers abroad, with robust domestic growth. Sub-operational line: International in vitro diagnostics has grown by more than 30%, thanks to localized production in overseas markets and the breakthrough in medium sample laboratories. Domestic market companies have a stable market share in chemical, biochemical and condensed blood operations.
The first three quarters of the medical video business saw an increase of more than 10 per cent (mainly due to the introduction last year of high-end ultrasound equipment resonaa20). The domestic end-use market for ultrasound equipment was depressed, the size of the city as a whole declined, and indirectly increased the company’s market share in medical imagery.
Despite a decline of more than 10 per cent in the first three quarters of support operations, the international market grew by more than 10 per cent, thanks to continued cooperation with high-end strategic clients. Domestic procurement delays resulted in a decline of over 20 per cent in life information and support operations in the domestic market and a sharper reduction in the size of the market as a whole.
The company has continued to increase its product innovation and development, especially in high-end areas. The company has accelerated its expansion of the application of the SWF ecosystem in the courtyard. Based on the layout and advantages of the company’s multi-products, such as a guardianship device, anaesthetics, respirators, injection pumps, etc., it has now been pushed.
Multi-scenario solutions, including hospital-wide, severe illness, Circumcision, emergency care, cardiology, general care.
Global localized network layout and global warehouse network layout. 1. Murray Medical (300760): 24h1 performance is on schedule and nd operations continue to grow (2024-09-08)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.