Murray Medical (300760.ch): 4q24 domestic company 3q24 overseas operations are expected to continue to grow robustly, but domestic operations in the area of anti-corruption and medical care are expected to grow weakly in the absence of a large-scale start of the updated tender, resulting in an overall increase in corporate income of 3q24
Since September, medical and local debt has been issued at a speed of speed, and as the benefits of the upgrade remain, and the impact of the inventory has been added up, the company’s 4q24 performance may still be at a level where information and support income have fallen by more than 20%, and vd and medical video revenues have fallen by <10%, respectively.
3q24 domestic operations continue to be affected by weak demand for anti-corruption, equipment for old, new and non-rigid medical care, and income growth remains weak at the low base for the same period last year. Mainly as a result of changes in accounting standards, the ratio of Maori below the same calibre is generally stable;
Since September, there has been an increase in the issuance of special-purpose health-care debt, but the performance of 4q24 has been boosted or limited. Given the robust performance of overseas operations, the company’s performance in 4q24 and 2025 will depend to a large extent on the pace of recovery of domestic operations in the context of anti-corruption normalization and equipment upgrading.
In September 2024, medical and local debt was issued at a speed of approximately 20 per cent per month, but given that funds were sent to hospitals and that the equipment renewal project was still to be completed, it is expected that the equipment upgrade would boost the company's income of 4q24.
Limited, with a more significant boost to company revenue in 2025. Moreover, due to earlier relative optimism about the progress in setting up a replacement site, the company has increased its stock of some equipment-type products to a level of four months, and the company plans to put inventory in place by the end of the year, owing to the fact that the tender for equipment upgrades has not yet been opened.
Increased share of cash and commitment to all internal equity holdings such as shareholders, employee platforms, etc. Figure 1: Profit forecast and financial indicators Financial statement analysis and forecast - Murray Medical
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees his right to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]