ivd sustained growth, short-term pressure on domestic market growth Murray Medical (300760) (yoy+1.43 per cent), net return to mother $3.076 billion (yoy-93 per cent), excluding non-mother ' s net profit
The international market is growing steadily, influenced by the pace of equipment recruitment, and the growth of domestic operations is under short-term pressure.
This is mainly due to the fact that the domestic market is heavily influenced by the restructuring of the medical sector and the upgrading of medical equipment, as a result of the fact that the practice number: s1500523080011 is delayed, the purchase of hospitals is delayed, the construction of hospitals is strained, and the need for medical equipment is low.
The international market has benefited from continued breakthroughs in high-end strategic clients and large and medium sample laboratories, as well as steady growth in animal medicine, micro-surgery, aed, etc. seed operations, with a 11.7 per cent drop in the first three quarters of the production line, with domestic declines exceeding 20 per cent and international growth exceeding growth.
10 per cent, while medical video production lines and ivd production lines continued to grow, benefiting from the use of ultra-high-end ultrasonic resonaa20, generating operating income of $5.97 billion (Yoy+11.4 per cent) in the previous three quarters, and vd production lines benefiting from overseas localization production and large and medium sample laboratories.
The breakthrough, and the steady rise in the municipal share of the country’s chemical-luminous, biochemical, condensed, etc., reached $11.4 billion (yoy+20.9%) in the first three quarters of 2024, making it the company’s first product. We believe that with the gradual recovery of domestic recruitment activities, the demand for medical equipment has gradually recovered, folding up.
Accounting standards adjustments affect Māori performance, and corporate profitability is expected to grow. From profitability, as a result of adjustments in accounting methods, we believe that with the company’s vd consumption income,
As we move up, the top-end crowds of the three production lines continue to break, and the sales rate is expected to stay steady, ivd upsight, high-end “product-plus markets” continue to grow, out-of-body diagnostics are growing, and high-end breakthroughs are made overseas.
1.23 per cent (yoy+1.61 pp), optimized by refined management, both company sales and management costs, but influenced by exchange rate fluctuations and reduced interest income, with a slight reference to “new capital + medical recovery” contributing to steady growth
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., net profit return to the mother was $13,346, 16,037, 19.38 billion, an increase of 15.2 per cent,
Risk factors: risk of product development; risk of falling product prices; friction related to trade between China and the United States
The group of sellers worked for more than nine years, in 2023 in the form of a letter of credit security, which was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, it was incorporated in the form of a letter of credit, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.