Performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2023: net profit forecast for the parent Keyword: #performance meets expectations # new products, new technologies, new clients  higher return on investments by real estate subsidiary during the same period last year, less profit or high after delivery of 2023q3
The net profit from the company ' s 2023q3 return to its parent is $40 million, of which the investment in the joint venture is $195 million (primarily the equity gains from the property subsidiary), and the net profit from the parent ' s return is approximately $200 million.
Reclamation is relatively high, leading to net profits or higher growth. chinagoods platform gmv high: 2023q1-3, Chinagoods platform is expected to achieve a sustained increase in the cross-border renminbi business: company-owned cross-border renminbi platform yiwupay (paid)
After getting back online in February 2023, the fund for clearing was about $2 billion since it got back online, almost 20,000 users were counted, and the gmv was almost $1 billion completed since early August. The company’s goal is to reach a cross-border payment of over $10 billion over the next three to five years.
The company originally planned to finance the transferable funds by $4 billion, with an annual rating of the return of the net profit equal to the increase in the return of the parent.
After debt swaps are cancelled, companies will invest in the project by self-financing, bank loans of 63.5%, new business multiples, etc. The company expects that the issue of debt swaps will not affect project implementation.
The market for small commodities in the U-turn is better, and attention is being given to the following catalysts: 2023,1-3, the market scene, Small Commodity City (600,415): 2023h1 has been significantly upgraded, according to U-Customs, the value of U-Customs imports and exports in January-August was 37,92 million yuan, and the same is true of the U-Customs.
Performance predicts that the net return profits are rising in advance of 23.6%, which is better than the country’s export boom. Initiatives such as the next one are expected to accelerate the performance of small commodity exports.
More than 60% of the country’s business reforms have led to long-term profit forecasts and investment ratings: The International Trade and Trade Center is an important hub for our exports of small commodities. As the state’s business reforms deepen, and new projects move forward, companies are expected to move fast into the long term.
Taking into account the high net profits generated by the company’s main business, we have qualified the company’s profit forecast for 2023-25 from East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS).