Small Commodity City (600415.sh): Performance forecast for 23h1 issued, new area opened + increased investment returns contributed to performance: Small Commodity City Bulletin 23h1 performance forecast: 1) 23h1 is expected to achieve net return profit of 1.955 billion
Increase in performance of new area start-up + investment return growth contribution: 1 - 2 floors of the new energy products market in Region 2 were officially opened on 17 March 23, and the additional area entry fees and commercial space usage fees are expected to increase by 23 years; about 840 million yuan was collected to boost the profitability of market operations; investment returns increased significantly, 23q1 companies
Investment earnings from joint ventures and joint ventures increased by 89 per cent to 771 million yuan on a year-on-year basis.
200,000 returns to pre-2019 levels; the value of imports and exports in the city of Yeu for the period January-May was $21,736 million, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period, and the market climate has risen significantly. We believe that with the opening of the remaining area of the East Market in Region II, the construction and delivery of the Global Digital Trade Centre in Region VI, the market pricing of rents, etc.
The system is expected to grow. The online platform ginagoods is constantly overstretched, the payout is fast-penetrating, and the new business performance release time is open: 1) chinagoods: 23h1chinagoods platform gmv 32 billion yuan, an increase of 211%, and
The 23-year gmv target is not less than $50 billion, and the company is now beginning to commercialize, including by charging service fees, and is expected to share the flow dividend on a continuous basis through the introduction of more businesses and the enrichment of value-added services; 2) Payments: the company's own “yiwupay” brand has been officially in place since 21 February 23rd year
Since 30 June, more than 11,000 cross-border RMB clients have been served (vs as of April: 0.26 million) and the cross-border liquidation fund is over RMB 600 million (vs as of April: 130 million) and continues to grow and achieve rapid penetration; the company ' s payment license was renewed for five years on 6 July, and the company is currently active.
Applications for cross-border foreign exchange qualifications, payment operations and trade chain layout are constantly improving.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre.
In November 2022, they joined the Sinda new consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, Bachelor of Science in Economics at the South-West University of Finance and Economics, and the Sinda new consumer group in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.