Performance continues to be positive, and the digital trade ecology stimulates growth energy. A small commodity city (600415.sh) incident assessment report. Small commodity cities issued an announcement: in the first half of 2023, companies realized business income.
Baoyc@cfsc.com.cn has continued to perform well, with the East Bank of Region 2 growing in 2023h1, the company as a whole showing a good “strength recovery” and a business start-up.
Billion dollars, 63.50 per cent increase in the same year. Income growth is mainly due to a carry-over of business in the East European market for new energy products and an increase in the size of the sale of commodities, and profit growth is also due to an increase in the return on investment and on the disposal of assets and income tax costs.
In terms of R & D costs, H1 R & D costs amounted to $10.52 million in 2023, an increase of 84.38% in the same year, mainly due to current R & D inputs acquired in the previous year.
New energy products market led to structural upgrading, boosted foreign trade, 2023h1, with an average of more than 200,000 passenger traffic per day in the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade and a daily average of 2,000 overseas buyers, with multiple market performance indicators exceeding the same period in 2019.
In terms of the structure of the goods, the international commercial market for new energy products in the eastern part of the city’s 2nd district is officially opened, building 131,000 square metres, adding more than 490 places on the 1st and 2nd floors, bringing together more than 260 owners.
In terms of foreign trade, the opening of the counter has been upgraded, and by 2023, h1, the U.S.S.A. has attracted a cumulative head leap.
(a) 14 offshore power suppliers importing, high-end food processing, non-ferrous metals allocated to three industrial eco-clusters to accelerate construction and achieve imports of 16,956 million yuan;
Twenty-nine, cumulatively, have reached 189, covering more than 1.5 million square metres, covering 48 countries. We believe that the company’s market expansion on-line and the quality of overseas trade are impressive, and it is expected that the company’s performance will increase further in the future.
▪ Digital trade continues to be ecologically well developed, and progress payments drive growth. The company's transformation has entered a digital phase, leading to high-quality development in the commodity market. On the digital platform, companies are upgraded.
Chinagoods Digital Trade Services Platform, 305,000 new registered purchasers at H1, Chinagoods Pair in 2023, cumulatively 365,000, Chinagoods platform X1gmv 32 billion yuan, an increase of 210.83 per cent;
Six national stations, including Banteay, Dubai, and Colombia, have been set up in partnership with other platforms such as Alibaba, Pedu and Kyundong to build a “digital library in Small Commodity City” and set up a Quadripartite service network.
License plate, factoring plate, 2023h1, signed with more than 400 banks worldwide; over 15,000 clients of cross-border renminbi business services have been cleared cross-border since payment brand “Yiwupay” came online in the reporting period
One billion yuan. We believe that corporate digital trade continues to be ecologically well developed, and that the value of digital trade continues to grow as the numbers grow and the globalization process deepens, promising to be a new dynamic driving the growth of corporate performance.
Small Commodity City is a company with a core line of companies that continue to expand the market under Zone 2 East, Digital Trade Centers, etc., while actively developing the process of moving forward in the payment sector.
Businesses do not operate as expected, external uncertainties, business acquisition is not as fast as expected, government computers and small and medium-sized firms are introduced Arithmetic and small and medium-sized companies are listed.
Ren Chunyang: Master ' s degree in economics, 6 years ' experience in the securities industry, November 2021, United States: Master ' s degree, Australian National University. Zhou Wenlong: Master ' s degree in finance, University of Monash, Australia
Zhang Min: Qinghua University Professor of Science reflects his research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the suggestions or observations made in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.