Keywords: #performance meets expectations #new products, new technologies, new customers, vs. 44.6% net profit of the company's parent and non-net profit of its parent are close to the upper limit of the performance forecast; the longer reason is that: 1 company's new market — the East Market of Region 2 — is officially opened, making gross profits.
Increase of $530 million; net return on investment in joint ventures of $1.02 billion, compared to $750 million in the same period last year, mainly from real estate subsidiaries; and $170 million in proceeds from asset disposal.gmv of chinagoods operations and higher net profits: 2023h1, Chinagoods platform gmv
Thirty-two billion yuan, +210.83 per cent; net profit of 46.4 million yuan, which was reversed, increased during the same period last year when the cross-border renminbi business became operational: the company ' s cross-border renminbi platform, yiwupay (payment) continued to gain momentum after it came online in February 2023, 2023m2~7, the company ' s cross-border renminbi.
Small Commodities City (600415): Cross-border payments of gmv over $10 billion in the 2023h1 industry.
▪ The development of the market in the digital trading centres continues: the next major region of the market — more than 60 per cent of the world's trade — has led to long-term reforms in State enterprises, which are expected to be substantially completed by 2025, with projects of about 1.24 million people and investments totalling about 8.3 billion dollars
According to the company ' s public, the work is continuing, with 32 per cent of the total number of apartments completed in July, construction work on the earthy side of the market plot, writing building, commercial street construction unit identified, to be near Small Commodity City (600415); ready for distribution
Debt swaps in support of global digital trading centre markets and profit forecasting and investment ratings: Small Commodity City is the core of the industrial Internet section, International Digital Logistics Markets.
The company is expected to move fast into the long term as equity incentives and new business developments in other countries, such as the reform measures of firms and new projects, move forward. The net profit is $760 million, or +44.6%, of the net profit of the company and the net profit of the net profit of the net profit is close to the performance forecast.
Figure 1: Corporate revenue and rate of increase Figure 3: Corporate net profit and rate of increase by parent deduction Figure 4: Corporate Māori rate and net interest rate on sales
Net interest rate on sales is 38.8%, compared to +9.7pt. The significant increase in corporate profits and profit margins is due to: (a) the company’s new market, which is officially opened in the East Market of Region II, which increases gross operating profits by $530 million; (b) net profit on investments in joint ventures of $1.02 billion, compared to $750 million in the same period last year, mainly from real estate subsidiaries; and (c) the return on asset disposal.
Chinagoods business gmv and net profit increases: 202h1, Chinagoods platform gmv at $32 billion, i.e. +210.83%; net profit at $46.4 million, a reversal over the same period last year, i.e. $5.58 million. With the platform ' s inauguration in February, the momentum has increased, at 2023m2-7, and the company ' s cross-border renminbi has served 15,000 households, clearing funds across borders.
The company’s goal is to make cross-border payments of gmv more than $10 billion over the next three to five years. The development of the market in the digital trading centre continues: the next major region in the U-turn market – the Global Digital Trade Centre – will be almost completed in 2025, with projects expected to cover approximately 1.24 million people, with a total investment of about $8.3 billion.
Work is continuing, with 32% of total apartment work completed in July, and construction work is under way on the surface of market land, writing buildings, commercial street construction units have been identified, and construction will begin in the near future.
U.S.C.C. is an important hub for our small commodity exports. As equity incentives for other countries move forward with reforms and the three major financial forecasts for the new Small Commodity City, Dong Oo Securities Inc. has become eligible for portfolio investment advice with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.