“Main expansion + return on investment” is a two-pronged boost to higher performance. (1) The company continues to build up its infrastructure, promoting industrial clustering, the 1-2 floor of the Eastern New Energy Products Market in Sector II, with a combined total of 856 million dollars in 2022 for admission and commercial use.
There has been a significant increase in corporate returns on investment in joint ventures. “Online platform + cross-border renminbi” operations have gained momentum, and performance contributions have accelerated. (1) On online platforms, during the reporting period, the Chinagoods platform gmv 32 billion
Euro/same +210.83 per cent. According to the company ' s business announcement for January-April, the most recent edition of the January-April cg platform shows that the value of imports and exports in the city of Yeu for January-May was 2,17.36 billion yuan, corresponding to an increase of 18.7 per cent, accompanied by an upturn in the market climate, a rapid recovery in the foreign trade economy, and a cg Ping.
The results highlighted the fact that the platform gmv is still expected to grow in the second half of the year, and is expected to help the main business to raise the Māori rate and continue to contribute revenue and profits in the future.
(2) With regard to cross-border renminbi operations, the company's own payment brand, yiwupay, was officially launched on 21 February 2023 until the end of June 2023, bringing the total number of cross-border renminbi service customers to more than 11,000, with cross-border settlement funds exceeding $600 million.
At the end of April, there were 2604 offshore RMB service clients, 362 transactions involving the first coverage of Small Commodity City (600415) in 83 countries and territories, with cross-border clearance funds exceeding $10 million.
The Trans-trade Integrated Service Providers, with a focus on “a long way + people,” have seen a significant increase in the June ring of cross-border renminbi operations, which is expected to continue to grow well. Given the international competitiveness of Italy’s cheap commodities and flexible terms, individual wholesalers are not added.
Xin China Air Securities Ltd. pays corporate income tax, and exporters have sufficient bargaining power to require foreign customers to settle in the national currency and the future company to cross-border RMB operations.
On June 19, the company announced that the total amount of debt that could be transferred would not exceed 4 billion yuan for a six-year period, with 2.5 billion yuan to be spent on the first phase of the Global Digital Centre project and 500 million yuan to be spent on the development of the digital logistics market.
This roll-over is expected to yield three-fold benefits: (1) the total construction area of the Digital Trade Center project is about 1.23 million m2, which is equivalent to 19% of the company’s existing market size (6.4 million m2), commodity fairs, writing buildings, dynamic business centres, etc.
Businesses such as apartment buildings are expected to widen the scope of the main business, and logistics centres are expected to improve the company's layout of the supply chain and consolidate the market infrastructure below the U.S.C.C.; (2) by the end of March, 46.84 per cent of the stock held by the obligated State would be further optimized if the debt could be transferred successfully
Equity structure: (3) expected to have an impact on online cg platforms and cross-border renminbi operations, which should boost performance and valuation. Investment proposal: a company based on the World's Small Commodity Capital, with a market operating as a ballast.
Broadening borders while at the same time pushing for the “cg platform plus the global digital trading centre plus the international digital logistics centre” to accelerate the construction of the digital trade chain. As the 10-year anniversary of the “one way” continues to break, the renminbi internationalization process continues to break out, watch the corporate cg platform and cross-border.
The performance of the payout business has increased. The expected net profit share of the company’s return is 2023-2025 The impact of the internal and external macro-environment, the risk of policy change, and the pace of recruitment have fallen short of expectations.
This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Co. Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.