State enterprise reforms have contributed to long-term events: the company issued a performance forecast for the first half of 2023, where the company expected 2023h1 to return to its net profit.
The market for global digital trading centres was expected to be operational in 2024, and the company had little room for growth in 2025. 2 companies had increased the return on investment in joint ventures.
Eu customs data, the value of imports and exports for January-May was $217.36 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period. Two companies have continued to enhance their online platform functionality and digital trade services capacity, effectively increasing the Māori ratio of their main business. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s Chinagoods platform gmv
It is expected to be a second-growth curve: the company's cross-border renminbi payments, which have been paid by its own platform, yiwupay, since it came online on February 21st, until the end of June.
Over 11,000 clients, including more than 8,000 new clients in May-June; more than $600 million in liquidation funds, including over $300 million in liquidation funds in June; and the city of Small Commodities, which is the core of our “one-way” exports, has wide scope for future development: the public.
Small Commodity City (600415): To be issued, the Division manages the largest market for small commodities in the world — U.S.I.E.C., in our small business, in order to transfer debt, support the market of the global digital trading centres, and support for the market of the world's small commodities.
The “one-way” country’s export boom is expected to boost the performance of the small commodity chain.
Small Commodity City (600415): January-April return earnings projections and investment ratings: benefiting from small commodities, taking into account the excellence of corporate resources
Road exports are booming + business efficiency is improving. Considering the company’s 2302 net profit surplus, the net profit ratio is +79%, Chinagoods and East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.