The semi-annual review of Small Commodity City (600415.sh) shows up on the bottom of the line.
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) incident: Small Commodities City released its semi-annual report for 2023: 23h1 achieved revenues of $5.161 billion per year + 22.7 per cent, net profit on repatriation of $1,998 million per year + 63.5 per cent, mainly due to the official opening of the East Bank market in Sector 2
Billion yuan; 23q2 achieved revenues of RMB 3,041 million per year + 16.5 per cent, net profit for mothers of RMB 776 million per year, per branch income from external transactions: income from the formal opening of the East Market in Sector 2 increased revenues from the growth of the quartering market and income from the operation of the 23h1 market of RMB 1,801 million per year +20.5 per cent; self-employment
The volume of easy-to-business activity continued to grow, with sales of 23h1 commodities receiving 2,838 million yuan per year +18.2 per cent, and foreign trade of 2685 sku; the 8-house high-end hotel in Ka Piyiu, the core areas of 23h1 company controlled the Yu market for a warm-up + exhibition to promote opportunities, with hotel plates collecting 140 million yuan, compared to 19
+24 per cent over the same period; 98 million yuan over the same period in 19 years for exhibition advertising; 284 million yuan over the same period for 23h1 other services; + 40.6 per cent over the same period, including mainly market-related income for ancillary services. Markets with higher interest rates have opened up in new areas, resulting in higher revenues; and rates have been relatively stable over the period.
Rates, in addition to the return to normal levels of income tax and the lower tax rates for the same period of 22q2, the eventual realization of net sales interest rates, the continuous expansion of the new business model, the emergence of the services integrator, the prospect of progressive release of performance: 23h1chinagoods achieving gmv32 billion/+211 per cent of cumulative registered purchases
A total of 36.05 million people were traded, with a net profit of $46.4 million (vs22h 1-558 million) from the platform operating the platform. From the chinagoods platform, the company was extended to produce yiwupay, purchase of treasures, treasures, stowages, etc. The value of the platform data was: 1) by the end of the reporting period (30 June 2023), the name yiwu was paid.
Cross-border liquidation funds exceed RMB 1 billion (vs as of April 130 million) and penetration rates exceed RMB 1 billion and cumulatively exceed RMB 2.5 billion; 3) Gold Treasures integrate data across the external trade export chain to provide trade financing services to traders, and business volume has increased rapidly for 23 years.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement with aucfan, Japan, for the digitalization and international trade integrated services transformation process of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
(a) The establishment of an exhibition centre in Japan to enable Japanese buyers to purchase Uu commodities; and (b) the launch of House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Front Street in Beijing, Beijing, under the flag of Chinagoods and aucfan, under the flag of Japan’s indigenous head b2b procurement platform netsea;
3) Aucfan supports China-Japan import-export companies using the world ' s leading power provider price search platform to facilitate the purchase and sale of investment proposals: companies anchor the first-class international trade integrated service providers, build the market-centred real economy ecology and digital economy at the core of the Chinagoods platform, bottom-line, deep-line integration, core
Market operations are expected to contribute to profits on a continuous basis as size expands and rent market-based pricing increases, and the Chinagoods platform, based on a service-based integrator, is expected to share the full-chain gains from trade and gradually release its performance, while companies are expected to continue to benefit from the deepening of construction along the way and from the transformation of State enterprises.
In 2022, he joined the HDRC as the deputy general manager. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in a new wealth-free suit, and in November 2022 he joined the new SUD group.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, joined the Sinda New Consumer Corps in November 2022. The main components cover cosmetics and medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.