The main business is going well, and the cg platform is generating revenue faster. 1808.2023 Net profit is $776 million, or +41.13 per cent, and the Māori rate is 30.27 per cent, or +1.13 per cent.
The overall business performance is positive, and the Māori rate is rising further. 1 point of business shows that sales of goods generated 2,838 million yuan, or +18.20 per cent of the year, mainly due to the expansion in the scale of sales of goods; market operations generated 1,801 million yuan, or 47 per cent of the year, mainly in relation to the year +40.
New market-driven; hotel services, 23h1 International Trade and Trade Center, with an average traffic of over 200,000 passengers per day, with an average of over 2,000 overseas buyers per day, and company hotel plates receiving $140 million, or +53.85 per cent; and exhibition advertising, facilitated by the process of internationalization of the U.S.U.
The conservatory service industry is back on track, and the company's advertising campaign has generated $98 million, and +5.68 pct, which is mainly the proceeds of a market with a high Māori-led market in East New Market, Region II.
The increase is mainly due to the continuous upgrade of the current R & D input facility on the cg platform, which was acquired in the previous year, resulting in a significant increase in profitability. 23h1 upgrades are expected to be higher than expected, looking at the future growth of new business.
cg Digital Trade Services Platform, which expands digital marketing, flow empowerment, order-making, etc., reporting the first coverage of Small Commodity City (600415): 305,000 new registered buyers during the filing period (a cumulative 365,000), gmv 32 billion
Trans-trade integrated service providers, with a focus on “Access + People's Dollars” – an increase of 210.83% over the same period. Currently, the cg platform is opening six national stations – Arab, Spanish, Dubai, Tanzania, Colombia, India – to enhance digital logistics.
China-China Securities Company Ltd. Capacity-building to ensure the smooth operation of the site, and cooperation with companies such as Alibaba, Pedu and Kyundong in the construction of the “Small Commodity City Digital Museum”, the establishment of the Quadripartite Services Network, the Quadripartite Services Network, the Quadripartite Services Network, the Quadrants, the Queens and the North.
In the first half of the year, the big data company, which operates the chinagoods platform, achieved net profits of $4,639.89 million, compared to $55.787 million during the same period last year. We believe that with the construction of the cg platform continues to be completed.
On August 14th, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Japan’s leading electricity company to expand the international map.
Small Commodities City has formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Aucfan Group of Japan, which will actively explore diverse modes of cooperation such as supply chain support, online platform connectivity, business model innovation, cross-border industrial interaction, and will make every effort to promote trade cooperation between the markets of Uu and Japan.
Establishment of the U-U-Purpose: development of good products in U-Yu City throughout the country, where Japanese buyers can extract and trade them directly; 2 co-development and operation of online platforms: the company's “chinagoods” and the aucfan's “netsea” (Japan's head bb electricity merchants)
(Taiwan) will link up and set up exhibition halls with each other on their respective platforms;3 to support imports and exports between Japanese and Chinese enterprises: aucfan will develop the price search site “aucfan.com” in China's Small Commodities City in Zhejiang, where companies can obtain offers for any Japanese commodity and promote Chinese purchases
During the reporting period, the U-turn exported and exported $101.2 billion to countries along the “one-way” route, an increase of 21 per cent, and south-east of the country.
Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America continue to account for a high market share in trade with the U.S., with countries along the "one-way" route and the rcep region continuing to offer opportunities for the U.S. market. The renminbi is a new light for the U.S. market, with companies working with more than 400 banks around the world.
Over 100 countries and territories were covered, with international payments in the main currency amounting to 20, yiwupay, over 15,000 clients of cross-border RMB business services since its official launch on 21 February, cross-border liquidation funds exceeding RMB 1 billion, and an innovative launch of the first national cross-border-based initiative
“Treatment finance” for currency settlement data, based on the customer's cross-border clearing data export control model, which integrates clearing and mail data and generates new income patterns. We believe that the company is expected to continue to capture new development opportunities in the “swipe” and “rcep” regions.
When it comes to connecting domestic international trade supply chains, building new advantages for cross-border power suppliers, the yiwupay-backed revenue from cross-border payments is expected to create a new performance growth point for companies. The investment proposal: a company based on “the world’s small commodity capital” and a market operating as a ballast.
Breaking the border and working on the “cg platform plus the international digital logistics centre” to speed up the construction of the digital trade chain. As the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” continues to break out of the internationalization of the currency, watch the corporate cg platform and the cross-border payment belt.
The impact of the outer macro-environment, the risk of policy change, and the pace of business acquisition have fallen short of expectations. The Chinese securities industry’s garments team, based at the heart of fundamental research, is based on the frontier of industry, contrasting global perspectives, closely following industries such as the meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, etc.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.