On 18 March 2022, Forster (603806.sh) published the 2021 newspaper, which collected $12,858 million in corporate revenues for 21 years, an increase of 53.20 per cent;
By a single quarter, the company q4 had earned $3.928 billion, an increase of 34 per cent; the mother ' s net gain of $860 million, an increase of 24 per cent; and the non-purchasing gain of $836 million, a rise of 24 per cent. 21 years of vinyl tap status + radiated dynasty began to be released, with the company ' s revenue rising at a sharper rate.
The company’s 21-year stock of film is 56%. In 22 years, the company has firmly pursued its photo-voltaic expansion strategy and has accelerated the promotion of the state of Xiangzhou, Ka Heing and overseas bases.
Construction, aiming at an additional 300-400 million square metres of photo-voltaic film production in the year, the city’s share is expected to remain high.2 The membrane is expected to maintain a higher profitability as a result of pricing options. 21-year average cost of film $11.89 per year + cost of raw materials + freight factoring into operating costs, net of freight costs affecting Māori by 2.68 pcts, compared to 2.68 pcts
Ben is flat, reflecting a stronger cost-control capability. Thanks to the tap pricing, 22 years of film operations are expected to develop rapidly in vinyl vinyl vinyl, and to see the company become a new material platform-type technology company. 21 years of photo-dry membranes and expansion of alkaline resin from core raw materials to promote the construction of an electronic materials production base in South China.
Aluminium plastics, fccl, water treatment membrane support products have breakthroughs, companies will accelerate mass production, and it is expected that 1.Forster (603806): the membrane will continue to grow and multi-player companies will become a platform-type technology company for new materials.
2. Foster (603806): High rate of growth and innovation, raw materials, locking in a strong leader
Investment proposals: The elastic favela is solid and + the excess profit is stable, with a full increase in the expected value over 22 years, and the luminous diaphragm opens the second growth curve of the electronic material of the company. Forster's business income is expected to draw conclusions on methodological and analytical logic for 22, 23, and 24 years, respectively, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.