Forster (603806): Improved profitability, period - 2021 report point review (first time)
Forster published the 2021 report, where the company achieved business income of $12.9 billion in 2021, an increase of 53.20 per cent; net profit for mothers of $2.2 billion, an increase of 40 per cent; and net profit for non-mortality of $11.5 billion, an increase of 52 per cent.
Over $2 billion, with a flat net gain of over $2.As a single quarter, both the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have increased significantly in four quarters, gross capacity has increased significantly, benefiting mainly from a significant increase in film prices in four quarters of 2021.
In the year, accounting factors, such as the elimination of product-related sales freight reclassification, were reduced by 2.68 pcts per year, mainly before the company.
Three quarters are affected by lower downstream rates of construction and higher prices of raw materials, such as particles.
Photo-film-based packaging, with a city share of more than 50%, is an absolute leader. As the photovoltaic industry continues to grow, the company will accelerate the implementation of the 500 million square-metre film project and the 250 million square-metre annual production project in Kajing, which is expected to take place in 2022.
The new photo-voltaic membrane production capacity of 300-400 million m2 further expands the company’s advantage in the photovoltaic field. Given the company’s high capacity utilization over the years, we expect the company’s film output to be around 1.4 billion m2 in 2022.
The company collected $730 million (yoy+30.1%) in 2021 and sold it as a sort of test and bulk import of the photodural to a large number of pcb clients.
The supply-chain system of large domestic pcb manufacturers, such as deep south circuits, deep-connected technology, Xinyang Electronics and others, is expected to gradually move towards national production replacement, thus opening up the company's second light-voltage machine to below expectations, less photo-voltaic membrane expansion, shortage of raw materials, etc.
The price of photo-voltaic membrane fell, etc.  The new energy group for electricity equipment introduced the taxi, the corporate strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research.
Zhang Chau, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, Shanghai University, 4 years of experience in securities research, directed towards new material companies benefiting from the development of new energy sources.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.