Forster, the edge of the membrane tap was highlighted by the rapid release of the luminous membrane, the company published its annual 2021 report, with slightly higher performance expectations; the company's membrane tap was strong and its product volume price was high.
The growth in high-quality production capacity has continued to expand; the electronic materials business has advanced rapidly; and the growth rating has been maintained. A slight over-expected gain of 63 per cent in 2021 over the same year: the company published its annual report for 2021, which achieved a net profit of 860 million yuan over the year, an increase of 24.01 per cent over the same year, and a net gain of 98.83 per cent over the same year.
Trend advantage highlighted, photovoltaic membrane volume rises: in the face of tension in the supply of eva particles, company lead purchasing advantage highlighted the fact that 968 million square metres were delivered throughout the year, an increase of 11.85 per cent over the year, an average settlement price of 11.89 yuan per square metre, an increase of 36.08 per cent over the year; the company ' s membrane Māori ratio decreased by 3.37 pcts over the year.
The overall supply of particles is still slightly balanced, and the profitability of the membrane is expected to remain high. Electronic materials are entering the rapid release phase: companies are already in bulk and medium- and high-end products are entering the marketing phase, product structures are further optimized, and 103 million square metres of the membrane are sold throughout the year.
In addition, fccl has now completed small-scale batch trials, aluminium plastics have been scaled up, and high-quality production has continued to expand and is expected to accelerate during the year: in light-voltaic terms, companies have accelerated their push to Xiangzhou.
500 million square metres of film, 250 million square metres of film, offshore film bases and 110 million square metres of backboard project construction, partially operational in the region during the reporting period, and the backboard project is ready for preparation.
Quicker. For other new materials, the aluminium plastic composite membrane has completed a phase of 20 million m2 expansion, while the billion m2 smbi and 24,000 alkali soluble resin extension project in Forster Science and Technology Group Ltd., Hangzhou, has been pre-prepared.
Forster: The Middle Reporting High Growth, Sense Dynamism Re-Exercise. Price competition is over-expected; raw material cost pressures are over-anticipated; new product expansion and new business openings are below-expected; photovoltaic policies are under-expected; and the impact of the new crown epidemic is over-expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.