The Wallies Group sells, is the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer.
For all companies like Nike, Converse, vans, Puma, and ugg to fully enjoy the development of the sneakers industry, the client structure continues to be optimized and the size of the industry is highlighted. The company’s famous sports brands provide design and manufacturing services.
Half-yearly dollar income increased by 28.71% and shoe sales amounted to 102 million yuan, a 24.42% increase over the same period last year. Corporate branders in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, etc. have recovered strongly this year, with major sports brand receipts and performances exceeding pre-epidemiological levels.
Twenty shoe factories have been set up at a modest global level. Companies have high-quality production capacity in Viet Nam, and in the South-East Asian epidemic, because of their geographical advantage, they produce more than 100 million pairs of sneakers, one of the professional manufacturers.
Effective outbreak control and management ensure normal production operations, effectively absorbing strong global demand for movement. On the client structure, the share of the top five clients of the company has further increased to 92%, with the nike brand and the deecker's brands growing faster and are expected to grow by more than 60%.
The increase in client concentration has led to an optimal product structure and an enhanced advantage in size, which is a major factor in raising the Māori ratio Debt and cross-share presentation. We believe that scale effects are essential in the shoe manufacturing industry, so companies are committed to a better one.
Energy utilization is accompanied by the selection of customers who may have the potential to obtain best-selling orders. In the future, the company’s share of the nike brand has greater scope for upgrading, and several of the newer clients have greater potential asics, nb, and are expected to become priority customers.
The company’s net interest rate for the first half of the year was 15.75%, and Roe 17.03%, the best level of profit in the shoe manufacturing industry, thanks mainly to the release of water management from large companies’ large plants, and the smoothness and scale effect. On a quarterly basis, the q2 Māori rate remained high at 28.05% (by).
As a result of the change in the calibre of transport costs, a 1.5 pct/1.7 pcc) reduction in the Mäori rate and cost rate over the quarter, and the eventual decrease in cash flows to add and operate, mainly due to the early recovery of some of this year’s receivables and the slower pace of export tax refunds. Taken together, corporate cash flows have remained largely stable over the past year and this year.
The epidemic highlights the company’s scarcity of high-quality production capacity, and future production planning clearly supports continued growth. In the first half of the year, the South and South-East Asian epidemic kept the sneakers industry in a state of energy stress, Wally went through the first half of the year.
Wally's current production can be of high quality in the industry, with a high degree of client recognition, while companies have accumulated a wealth of experience in off-site construction, and a good stock of future new production capacity. With regard to the new plant: the new plant in Indonesia is under construction and is expected to be operational by the end of next year; the factory in Myanmar is now self-financed.
In Viet Nam, where there is a clear labour force advantage, the epidemic has accelerated with new plant planning, and some production capacity in the north has helped companies to use existing factories and recruit new workers. The company's soft and hard power is excellent, taking advantage of the wind in the sports industry.
It's the hard power to win, and R & D and esg are the soft power. The company's advances in capacity allocation, production management, and esg have all deepened its cooperation with high-quality customers and ensured that the company is on top of the industry.
Investment Recommendations: Based on optimistic judgements about demand in the sports industry and the release of corporate capacity, projected growth in Eastern financial and intellectual resources, as reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation
Wally Group (300.979): Client structure continues to be optimized, productive capacity released from the future, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Wally Group (300.979): Client structure continues to be optimized and productive capacity to release future prospects.
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.