Events: company ' s performance report for the first half of 2021, with revenue of $8.197 billion achieved during the reporting period, same Wally Group (300979.sz)
The corporate sector has a clear edge, its client structure is optimized, its performance has continued to grow rapidly, and 21q2 has been raised at a faster speed by the impact of low base numbers and downstream orders.
The changing patterns of supply and demand favour top suppliers, with companies performing well. The global epidemic in 2021 showed some control effects, with economies abroad recovering, and end-movement consumption recovering rapidly, growing daily) with revenues rising by 96 to $12.3 billion, compared to 21 per cent in the fourth quarter of the 2019s.
The supply end was affected by the epidemic in 2020, with a shrinking or even a collapse of the production capacity of a shoe supplier, a short period of rapid downstream demand recovery, an expansion of industrial capacity difficult to follow, and a full supply of head-supplier orders.
The company, as a global champion of sports shoes, continued to expand its production capacity, with a high sales profile for downstream customers, a rapid growth in sports shoes orders, and the elimination of exchange rate fluctuations affecting the company ' s revenue of 2021h1 increased by 28.75 per cent, the net gain increased by 81.35 per cent and performance was excellent.
Clients, product structures are optimized and automated, leading to a significant increase in the Māori rate. Companies continue to promote high-quality, large-customer business strategies, continuously optimize their customer and product structures, with a faster increase in the average price of 2021h1 products; and companies are active in making productive, automated and efficient production.
The appreciation of the renminbi’s exchange rate has led to lower-than-real corporate income and net gains. The logic of rising volumes continues, and future growth is long-term.
High, head brands require upstream supply chain expansion, and most corporate client orders will remain fast growing, with new client orders such as onruning, ascis, and so on. The corporate industry has a clear edge, with the strongest willingness and capacity to expand among head companies, 2021q1 in Yongshan, Viet Nam, and Vietnam.
In terms of prices, companies optimize their customer and product structures, and the price of orders is expected to increase, contributing to a significant increase in profitability.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: 2021h1 with bright growth in performance, under the influence of the Indian epidemic.
Shoe orders are expected to shift to South-East Asia, mainland China, and the company Viet Nam’s factory is working to strengthen staff management and prevent glamorous growth.
The competitive advantage of the industry is clear, and the future growth space is large, and the focus is recommended. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, and the spread of the new Vietnamese coronary pneumonia epidemic \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in the Consumer Products Industry, University of Kyotan, three years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, and joining the Sunda Securities in 2020, will not be relevant, relevant, nor will they be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.