The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies over-expected performance in the second quarter, with a steady high-scenes boom of 18.27 per cent over the same period, of which q2 achieved income of 4.5 billion yuan (+29 per cent) and 1h21 net repatriation
With the exception of the impact of the exchange rate fluctuations of the renminbi against the United States dollar, the company’s 1h21 operating income increased by approximately 28.75 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the net profit of the parent grew by approximately 81.35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and its performance grew more beautifully than previously expected.
1. Wally Group, 21 Quarterly Review - 89% Profitability; 2) vf, 4 financial season total revenue (up to 4.3) increased by 23% and affected by the epidemic in 20 years.
2. Wally Group new stock depth - the global leader of the workforce - grew by 49.7 per cent, with hokaoneone rising by 74.2 per cent; and Puma 2nd.
The continued optimization of the product structure is expected to lead to an increase in the Māori rate. The company’s production capacity is tight in the first half of the year, limits small or declining brand orders, gives priority to the allocation of more productive capacity to high-quality clients, and the income share of nike, deeckers, etc. is higher than expected, leading to an increase in the overall Māori rate; and the company is actively strengthening automaticity.
The company’s three factories in Viet Nam, Yongshan in Viet Nam, Willing in Viet Nam, and Honghing in Viet Nam, have been in production for the first half of 2021 and have established shoe factories in Indonesia.
Ptadoniafootwearindonesia, which shut down two smaller plants in Vietnam, is expected to boost performance as capacity continues to expand, release, add up the company’s capacity utilization rate. Investment proposals: customer orders under high demand and optimized structure; and supply end-of-life capacity
The expansion of the build-up capacity is driven by a significant upturn in performance. Given the company’s overperformance in the first half of the year, the current orders are full, and it is expected to remain fully productive in the second half of the year.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment