2021h1 remarks: US dollar income + 29%, higher Necks and deeckers orders, increasing profitability, research assistant Tan Chik.
Day and night companies publish the semi-annual 2021h1 report, and 2021h1 achieves revenue of $8.19 billion, a year-on-year increase of +18.2 per cent, a year-on-year net profit of $1.29 billion, a year-on-year increase of +66.6 per cent, which is in line with our impact, since the company is primarily targeting overseas customers, the business level is settled in United States dollars and the statement is in United States dollars.
At the RMB level, if the exchange-rate impact is not taken into account, the income of 2021h1 companies increased at a rate of +29% per year, and net profit increased at a rate of +81% per year. The q2 single-season Māori rate has remained largely stable in caliber calculations.
The top five clients, Neck, Deckers, vf, Bhorma andunderarmour (ua) respectively, earned 28.1/16.4.15.5.950 billion yuan.
The same ratio rose even further, from 89% in the same period last year. At the rate of growth, Nike and the Deeckers group came mainly from the high growth of Nike brands, deeckers from the ugg and hoka manufacturing, the world manufacturing, the dragons manufacturing sneakers.
In terms of new outreach clients, both Onrunning and Asics are now producing 100 million pairs of company output in q2, an increase of 12.6 million pairs in comparison, company factories are predominantly clear and belong to northern Viet Nam, where the epidemic is currently concentrated mainly in the south of Ho Chi Minh City and the north is windy.
There are plans to build new factories in Vietnam, Indonesia, etc., while there are new production lines on existing plants in Vietnam. We believe that the company can still maintain a steady production and loss of productive capacity – a profit forecast and investment rating: the company is the leader of the tracker, with a steady head.
Client orders, customer resource barriers, and future or continuing benefits from increased concentration in the surrogate industry; in addition, companies are increasingly deepening their internal performance, increasing efficiency and profitability from organizational structures, equipment production lines, labour resources, etc. We maintain the company for 2021-2023.
1.2021h1 remarks: US dollar income + 29 per cent, higher Nike and deeckers orders, sustained increase in profitability 2021h1 income + 18.2 per cent (not taking into account exchange rate impact + 29 per cent): corporate company on the evening of 19 August
The second half of the year, the company 2021h1 achieved revenue of $8.19 billion, an increase of +18.2 per cent, and a net return of $1.290 billion, an increase of +66.6 per cent, in line with our expectations. In the first half of the year 2021, corporate earnings were partly affected by foreign exchange fluctuations at the level of the statement, as companies mainly targeted customers abroad and were settled in dollars at the level of operations.
On the other hand, the statement level is RMB, and if the exchange-rate impact is not taken into account, the income of 2021h1 increases + 29 per cent, the net profit is equal, thanks to the optimal product structure, the company ' s Māori ratio rises on the same basis, and the net interest rate is stable: Māori 2021h1 is stable because the company adjusted the Māori ratio caliber, and the single-season Māori ratio of q2 remains stable in q1 calibres.
Nike and deeckers have increased their orders to boost their main income, raise their client concentration, and optimize their product structure. The top five clients of the company, respectively Nike, deeckers, vf, Phorma andunderarmour Nike and deeckers, have grown faster, with 33-63% in dollar terms and 33-63% in dollar terms.
The group came mainly from the high growth of Nike brands, and the deeckers came mainly from the growth of ug and hoka. According to newcomers, onrunning and asics are now in q2.
100 million pairs, an increase of 12.6 million pairs in the same year. The company’s factories are predominantly clean in Viet Nam and belong to northern Viet Nam, where the epidemic is currently concentrated in the south of Ho Chi Minh City, where there is a relatively low risk. There are plans to build new factories in Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc., while there are new production lines in Viet Nam.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the company is a leading player in sports shoes, with stable head-client orders, deep customer resource barriers and future or continuing benefits from increased concentration in the surrogate industry; in addition, the company is increasing its internal performance, increasing efficiency and profitability from organizational structures, equipment production lines, labour resources, etc.
Prices are 41/32/27 times higher, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.