Wally Group (300979.sz) achieved a net return of $1,291 million, an increase of 66.58 per cent and a net gain of $1,298 million.
66.99%, ps $1.19. The company’s downstream movement is characterized by high consumption and a steady and rapid increase in performance.
The results of the global epidemic control after 2021 show that the 2021H1 sports recreational shoes, outdoor boots, sports sandals/sluts and other income are being restored and the consumption of downstream sports shoes is continuously being repaired.
Companies’ major clients have grown faster. The epidemic has affected the ability of the world’s sports shoes to contract, while prices of raw materials have increased, sea containers have continued to be strained, and companies, as industry leaders, have grown rapidly in order to be able to exercise leisurely, shoes, sandals, and slippers.
Major client orders have been growing, and companies have been active in new branding clients. The top five clients of the 2021h1 company, Nike, deeckers, vf, puma, underarmour, have achieved revenue of $2.815 billion, $1.641 billion, $1,555 million, $955 million, $504 million, and so on.
Client strategy, overall product development capacity, rapid response capacity, product control capability, and continued rapid growth of client orders, with high-priced customers such as Nike, deeckers, ua receiving relatively high rates of growth. In addition, companies actively expand new customers, asics, onruning, etc.
The sale of sports shoes has grown rapidly, and the renminbi has appreciated, resulting in a fall in average prices on average. The revenue of 2021h1 d.D. has increased by 18.23%, the exchange-rate impact has increased by 28.71%, and the renminbi's appreciation has led to a fall in average prices.
Table shows a relatively low rate of income growth. The fractions show sales of 2021h1 sports shoes of 102 million pairs of pairs, a 24.42 per cent increase, a rapid increase in downstream customer orders, an increase in product sales, an increase in output utilization.
Impact elimination: average price of $2021h1 is $80.70/double, equal drop of 4.98%, elimination of sinks
The company Māori ratio increased by the same amount as 5.90 pct to 28.63 per cent, the company ' s capacity utilization rate recovered, the customer and product structure optimized and the Māori rate increased by the same proportion, with the Māori ratio of 2021q2 increased by 6.45 pct to Südash Securities Inc.
In addition - 0.56 pct, -0.59 pct, -0.14 pct, -0.60 pct - the size of the company ' s revenues has increased,
The company continues to benefit as a head supply chain, mainly as a result of the increase in operating receivables, the increase in taxes and fees paid and the higher profile of the taxes received. \triangleright
The atmosphere continues to be high, the global sports population and the sports industry are growing rapidly, and Euromonitor data show that the global market for sports shoes affected by the epidemic fell by 15.7 per cent to $118.4 billion in 2020, and is expected to grow to $189.99 billion in 2025 and to be in 2020-25.
The company continued to grow at a rate of 9.9% as a leader in the industry, working closely with head brands, and continued to expand new brands and enjoy dividends from growth in the sports industry. The company continued to expand its productive capacity, and its financial capacity was further strengthened after listing, building factories in Indonesia, Viet Nam, Myanmar, etc.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: 2021h1 company performance is rising brightly, the Indian epidemic affects production, shoe orders are expected to shift to South-East Asia and mainland China, company factories in Viet Nam are strengthening staff management, prevention, taking into account the high and sustained performance of the company's sports shoes, and the company's role as a leader.
The competitive advantage of the industry is clear, and the future growth space is greater, with a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, the spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Viet Nam, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, three years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, and in 2020, joining the Sinda Portfolio in the textile light industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.