Silver-Thai gold (000975.sz) Metal material group with clear strategic planning for high-quality growth
On 14 November, the company launched the Strategic Framework for Development, which sets its vision as a growing international gold mining company with value creation at its centre and with global development as its engine. Tons; 28 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of the fifteenth anniversary; and 600 tons of gold resources and reserves.
The company plans to produce 12 tons of mineral gold at the end of the 14th century, and the amount of gold resources and reserves, according to the company's Strategic Planning Framework for Development.
2. In-depth study by the Silver-Thai Gold Company: The Golden Star Adding Power, 240 tons; 15 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of 2026, 300 tons of gold resources and reserves: 22 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of 2028 and 500 tons of gold resources and reserves;
In comparison with the company's 2022 mineral gold production of 7.06 tons and its gold resource of 173.9 tons, the annual production of mineral gold at the end of the Tenth Five-Five increased by 69.97 per cent and the volume of gold increased by 38.01 per cent; “10”
Five-fifth, last-minute mineral gold production grew by 296.60%, with an average compound annual growth rate of 18.79%, gold production doubled, and corporate resources are expected to grow as strategic planning progresses, and projects are based on long projects.
The company has a high, high-quality, high-cost, and high-cost potential to look for minerals in the vicinity and deep at the same time as it has a rich experience of project mergers and acquisitions.
By the end of the year, Cyclops and Blue Dragon Trench gold mines (11, 111 belts) will have been explored, and the Washington gold mining rehabilitation program will be steadily advanced, with project construction contributing to a breakthrough in production capacity. State-owned and private-owned traditions work together to create competitive advantages.
By becoming shareholders in a company, the company will continue to take advantage of the inherent advantages of marketization, specialization, internationalization, integrating the advantages of State-owned shareholders, and building flexible and efficient decision-making mechanisms.
The dual advantage of state-owned holdings and private enterprises is to create unique core competitiveness in a variety of areas, such as resources, production, technology, and environmental protection. The risk of gold price volatility; the unanticipated expansion of project capacity; and the risk of safe environmental management.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market