The growth in performance was in line with expectations, with the “One Wings” moving towards a new journey, with the company issuing three-quarterly reports in 2023, stable production and operations. In the evening of 27 October 2023, Silver and Thai gold published three-quarterly reports in 2023.
In the third quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $7.095 billion, an increase of 10.30 per cent in the same year; a net return to the mother was increased by 21.06 per cent in the same year; in the third quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $2,523 million, a decrease of 3.46 per cent; a net profit to the mother was realized of $384 million, an increase of 5.36 per cent in the same year; and a deduction was realized.
Corporate production has remained stable as a whole. In January-September, the company produced 5.43 tons of mineral gold and sold 6.08 tons, as expected. In the previous three quarters, the company ' s overall glycerine cost had changed little compared to last year.
The cost of Big Zaydan is currently the lowest of the three gold mines, with 114 bucks/gram of gold. The company is following up on the pace of prospecting and the prospect of increased storage. The company is actively promoting the Green Dragon Trench gold mining license (expanding the area), crystallization.
Review of the mining rights of the Trench Gold Mine (Newland) was conducted and, according to the normal certificate review time forecast, on 23 March 2023, the Seventh Geological Survey Institute of Heilongjiang Province signed a contract for the transfer of the right to prospecting, which was held by the Seventh Geological Survey of Heilongjiang Province.
The concession will help to raise the company’s reserves and ensure continuity of resources in Galactic.
In the third quarter of 2023, Shandong's gold became the main silver and Thai gold; so far, it's in the core.
The team has not changed, the new shareholders have not adapted their overall structure, more so as a solid foundation, a stable production and business order, and planning for the future. On October 25, the company held an internal strategic workshop, and strategic planning is now taking place on the basis of the discussions.
As a result, the company will officially open up the back-to-back group and move to a new phase. Macroeconomics are not as expected: the Fed is over-expected: production capacity is not built as expected.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.