The three-quarterly review of China Yuu (00099.sz) - 2024, short-term profit margins, long-term medium-term drug whole-sector layout, continued to push forward with the pharmaceutical biology, Nakagawa.
In the third quarter of 2024, there was a slight increase in income in the first quarter of the year, with a pressure on the net profit not attributable to the mother. In the third quarter of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $19.740 billion, an increase of 6.08 per cent over the previous quarter; the net profit attributable to the public shares of the company of $2,960 billion, an increase of 23.19 per cent over the same period; and the net loss of earnings attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was realized.
Net profit, 2,752 million yuan, representing an increase of 19.48 per cent over the same period. On a one-season basis, 2024q3 achieved a robust operation in chc and a resilient growth in formulation granular operations.
The prescription drug business continues to enrich the product lines, focusing on product value discovery and competitiveness, and enabling the development of the Chec business. In this context, the national drug business continues to strengthen the business base, and the industry is being hammered down.
The chain is competitive, the formulation of granular operations is difficult, opportunities for market pattern adjustment windows are seized, and the procurement of the formulation granular operations in multi-area bounds should be sequenced, and business growth should be restored.
It is designed to take full advantage of its core functions of strategic leadership, business empowerment, risk prevention and value creation, and to move it towards an efficient and integrated organization. At the operational level: in the area of state-of-the-art medicine, Kun-China drug insists on three wheels driven by the "Current Culture Plus +ip Marketing" and the launch of the brand cultural campaign, Question 1381.
Transmission of the 1381-story historical background and grand branding patterns of the Quintine drug; three-seven areas, continued to work together in major chains, with a number of 77737 Rivers of Life personalization events throughout the country and the "Golden Youth Guardian Operation 777 " , creating a mass-to-blood-to-tone soft capsule active ingredient of 37-sum soap.
On August 5, the company revealed its intention to buy a talent.
The announcement, such as the 28% Major Asset Reorganization Project, is expected to be confirmed in Huo Yun San (00099.sz) - 2023 Annual Report Review - Robust Performance, Convergence: On the one hand, Tianxiang is well placed in the field of Chinese medicine innovation, and is expected to upgrade Hua Yun.
The mid-year review of China Yunctuary (00099.sz) - 2023 - Revenues, profits and performances at the medical end; on the other hand, China Yuncchi's brand-making capacity and the excellence of the chc channel are expected to help Tianxian improve the efficiency of the off-the-hospital market.
China Ryosan Trinity (00099.sz) - 2022 Annual Report Review - chc has performed very well, and investment proposal: China's whole industry chain layout is advanced, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. With the company's small increase in income in the first quarter of the third quarter of 2024, the net profit from the deduction of non-repatriated mothers is under pressure.
The Division achieved operating income of 19.740 billion yuan, an increase of 6.08 per cent over the same period, and a net gain of 19.48 per cent over the same period attributable to shareholders in listed companies. On the basis of a single season, 2,024q3 earned operating income of 5.634 billion yuan, which is the same as figure 1: operating income of China Yu 39 and the rate of increase (in millions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Business income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) by season, Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase (in millions, per cent) by season, Figure 3: Net profit and rate of increase (in millions, per cent)
The Māori rate has increased by the same year, and the cost structure has improved. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company sold 52.7% Māori. Figure 6: The change in the cost of chc – – was robust and the formula grains were growing again.
The prescription drug business continues to enrich the product lines, focusing on product value discovery and competitiveness, and enabling the development of the Chc business in synergy. In this context, the national drug business continues to strengthen the business base, sharpening the competitive edge of the industrial chain.
Particle operations are facing difficulties, taking advantage of market pattern adjustment window opportunities, and responding in an orderly manner to the multi-geographical, multi-strategy procurement of formulation granular operations, with a renewed growth of operations.
Make full use of the core functions of strategic leadership, business empowerment, risk prevention and value creation to move towards an efficient and integrated organization. Operational level: in the area of state-of-the-art medicine, Kun-China drug insists on "brand culture plus product" with a heavy historical background and grand branding pattern; and in the area of 37 areas, continue to work together in major chains and at the national level.
On August 5th, the company revealed that it was going to acquire a medical doctor.
On the one hand, there is a strong presence in the field of Chinese drug innovation, which is expected to enhance the capacity of Luang San in the medical end, and on the other hand, the Chinese branding capability and the Chc channel dominance industry, which is expected to lead the way.
It is expected that performance will continue to grow steadily as the corporate development strategy progresses. Sustained profit projections for 2024-2026 are projected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject