Investment ratings: buy-in (maintained) three quarters of steady medium-term performance, sustained optimization of cost rates R & D innovation-driven development, followed by expected performance
Several breakthroughs have been made around anti-cancer, osteoporology, skin, and breathing. Priority projects such as cr999c1905l1 and cr999c2016l1 are in the clinical phase, and several KNG projects are well under way, further enriching the company’s product lines. The company has two medicines.
The Chinese medicine industry has continued to innovate, companies have achieved significant results in terms of classic brands, standards for the formulation of Chinese medicine, and research on the resources of pharmaceutical products, and the projects in which the country has made progress in science and technology.
At the same time, the company has strengthened its collaboration with universities and research institutes to create national and provincial innovation platforms to promote technological innovation and talent development. The integration of the Kuna Pharmacy Group has continued, and the company plans to acquire 28% of the Tianxili Group’s shares.
The company continues to promote the transformation of integration with the Kuen Pharmacy Group. To help the company achieve its strategic goal of “leading the silver healthy industry,” the company launched a brand-new “777” to represent the tri-seven industries, focus on the development of the tri-seven whole-sector chain, and strengthen consumer-to-blood plugging.
The main active ingredient in the tungsten capsules is the recognition of the three-seventh total soap. In the design of the Pharmacated Pharmacology Platform, the company focuses on Quintino Pharmacator 1381 in the company's brand.
On August 4, 2024, Huo Yun-Yun issued an announcement to buy the day through cash payments.
The company's evaluation of the 28% share of the Tsik power held by the Snickers Group and its co-operators is expected to lead to income growth and profitability.
We maintain a profit forecast that the company's revenue for 2024-2026 will each use legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report will come from open information in the market, and I will do so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.