China has established a company that is China's leading transport infrastructure enterprise, built around “large traffic” and “large cities”. The core areas of business are based on each of the following:
Construction, capital design and dredging operations, covering, inter alia, domestic and global ports, waterways, blow-filling of land, watersheds, roads and bridges, railways, urban orbital transport, etc.
A high-quality development strategy boosts growth in corporate operating income and profits. In the first quarter of 2023 and 2024, corporate investments related to municipal infrastructure, construction and environmental protection, profit revenue growth was significantly higher than business income growth, including a slowdown in operating income in the first quarter of 2024.
In the current industry environment, companies are more focused on the quality of their assets by selecting and promoting projects for construction in orders, thereby ensuring the quality of their assets.
The order structure optimizes the structure and quality of future corporate assets. Since 2023, companies have increased their focus on cashier operations, and the overall rate of increase in the number of new contracts signed by companies in 2024 has been as high as 50.88 per cent and 58.27 per cent, respectively, as compared to the previous rate; at the same time, there are new offshore works.
Stockholding optimizes assets with a view to new development. Companies focus on stock asset consolidation and inventory development, speed up cash flow, divert development resources for the main industry, increase the share of direct financing by expanding access to finance, and further optimize asset structures.
The “innovation+” of major transport operations, the overall development of urban operations, the optimization of the structure of the River and Lake Sea operations, the “Overseas priority” and the “New War” share of operations that boost new-quality productivity have led to higher-quality corporate development.
S148,051207003, the source of the financial boom in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation.
China Crossing (60180.0.sh): Capital optimization continues to be a source of financial prosperity in the East and a source of financial intelligence in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports China's exchange (60180.0.sh): Capital optimization continues to be a source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China, is still in the process of asset optimization, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report on the objective and fair nature of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.