The growth in revenue was higher than expected, and the increase in contractual liability was evident in the recognition of income, while the growth of new orders was faster and overall performance was higher than expected.
As a leader in the field of semiconductor carving equipment in the country, the company continues to expand into other areas (films, volume tests). The company expects that in the next five to ten years, the 3q25 battalion will grow better than expected, including through autonomous R & D and extended purchases, and that the revenue from new equipment will grow rapidly: in the first three quarters of 2025.
About 38% long; lpcvd and ald membrane equipment earned about $400 million, an increase of about 1333% in the same year; real net profit now is $1.21 billion, yoy grew by 32.7%, and eps 1.94. Of this, 3q25 achieved a better than expected 3q25 harvest.
Billion dollars, an increase of 39 per cent from the end of the last quarter, while significant revenue was recognized during the season, new orders grew faster and overall performance exceeded expectations. The company expects to achieve over 60 per cent of the equipment market in key integrated circuits over the next five to 10 years, including through autonomous research and distribution and extended purchase.
The product mix, China’s advanced process is expanding, and the share of beneficial companies is increasing: the US continues to apply to China’s semiconductor industry.
For this reason, China’s demand gap for high-level gpu products and storage products needs to be filled with advanced processes. In the future, China will have more funds, policies, and advanced processes, including light-engineers, and eda tools.
Institutional investors account for a share of circulation, and China’s semiconductor industry is expected to see a new round of technological expansion. As a core semiconductor equipment enterprise in the country, companies have considerable technological reserves in the fields of corrosion, membrane, and are expected to do so.
China has benefited from the process of developing advanced technology. There is an intense dispute over Chinese-American technology, and there is an urgent need for localization of semiconductor equipment.