We've achieved a high yield and performance of 25h1 and an accelerated research and development cycle for new products.
25q3 camp revenues and profits continue to increase, with high-end etching and rapid release of thin film equipment. 1) Revenue end, 2025q1-q3 company operating income continues to increase at a high rate of 46.40 per cent over the same period, with corrosion equipment revenue of $6.101 billion, or approximately 38.26 per cent over the same period; lpcvd and lpcvd
There is a significant increase in the volume of additional shipments of high-end products from critical etching processes in logical and storage manufacturing, as well as in the ultra-high depth ratio of critical etching processes and advanced storage devices in advanced logical devices.
Reflecting a steady growth in corporate orders, it is expected that the company ' s future performance will continue to be realized. 2) At the profit end, Māori has increased by about $827 million on a year-on-year basis; 2 R & D inputs have had some positive impact. 3 equity investment returns on non-recurring gains and losses are $329 million, an increase of around $329 million.
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to be scaled up to accelerate product expansion and replication. Faced with the need for a variety of new equipment in the market, companies continue to add to R & D investment to support equipment development, with R & D spending by 2025q1-q3 and over 20 new equipment development.
The cycle has been shortened to two years, and the new product has been validated well on the client side, and the company is expected to accelerate and massively roll out a wide range of new products over the next few years, and we believe that the company is expected to achieve a steady increase in market access for key clients.
The downstream expansion of demand has accelerated with the replacement of national production, looking at long-term growth opportunities for companies. Semi predicts that, driven by advanced logic, storage, and technological transformation, semiconductor production in 2026 increased revenue and performance in 25h1.
New item R & D Week, equipment sales are expected to rise to $130 billion, and mainland China, Taiwan, and South Korea will remain the top three regions of equipment spending.
– On August 29, 2025, boosted the expansion of production capacity and, under external environmental constraints, domestic equipment was certified for import speed downstream.
Speeding up the process of national production of the industrial chain. Sino-micro has actively promoted the development of platforms, currently -- 22/04/2025 -- the product series covers etching equipment, film equipment and volume-testing equipment, and the development of new products and customers.
We believe that the long-term prospects are to benefit from downstream plant expansion and national substitution The risks of downstream customer expansion, increased risks of international trade friction, and the development of new products.
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, produces the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and that any conclusions are not in any third position
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.