1. " Mid-Micro company rating: 1h2025 revenue performance continues to increase, and the platform layouts continue to improve
2. China Micro Company Review: High Performance Growth, Platform Dressing Continued High-end New Delivery Volumes for High-end Products with Large-scale Advances for Ultra-Height-Winth-Wide Enging Process, 2025.4.25
The company's single-response ccp medium for critical etching processes has maintained a high rate of growth, with 60:1 ultra-deep-wide media etching equipment becoming a domestic model, and the next generation 90:1 device is about to enter the market.
At the same time, the company’s ipcvd, ald, etc., and the epi extension equipment have been successfully marketed and certified in volume at the client’s end. In the area of general semiconductors, the company is developing more.
In September 2025, the company launched six new semiconductor equipment products, covering plasma etchings, prototypes, etc.
Key processes, such as substrate deposition and expansives. In corrosion equipment, the two new items released this time provide an efficient solution in the fields of extremely deep-wide etching and metal etching. In film deposition equipment, the four new items include three atomic layer sediment products.
And an outreach product, of which 12 inches of sedimentary products can meet the needs of advanced logic and advanced storage devices for metal fence applications, and the outer extension equipment can meet the needs of multi-area outreach processes ranging from mature to advanced nodes of logic, storage and power devices.
These new products have further expanded the product layout of the company, providing strong support for its transformation to high-end equipment platforms.
The pace of technological development has fallen short of expectations; the process of national production substitution has slowed; prices of raw materials have fluctuated; the Maori rate has declined as a result of increased market competition; policy support has fallen short of expectations; and more services have been secured by the clean-up process.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market