"Glocalization" creates a differential advantage with differentiatedvantagereddingby"globalization"
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Event: Audio Holdings earned $4.9412 billion in 2021 (+30.75%)
(Brackets indicate the same ratio, bottom of line), the net return of $3.90 billion increased the share of mobile sales in emerging markets, such as Africa, in 2021; in the same time, based on the accumulated leading advantage in emerging markets, companies actively pursued diversification wars.
The annual report refers to idc statistics, the company ' s share of the global mobile phone market in 2021.
12.4 per cent ranked third among global mobile branders, with smart machines accounting for 6.1 per cent of the global smart market, sixth in rank, and more than 40 per cent of the corporate African smart market in 2021, with Africa ranked first. In South Asian markets, Bucky,
Stan's smart market is ranked first in over 40%; Bangladesh's smart market is ranked second in 20.1%; India's smart market is ranked sixth in 7.1%. 21 years of continuous STI, increased R & D investment, and upgraded mobile phones.
Users’ end-of-life experiences and product competitiveness. At the same time, firms continue to expand the opening of markets outside Africa, and sales earnings from markets outside Africa have risen higher than ever, based on continued growth in African markets.
• The mobile phone business has moved steadily into the 5-g era. According to the company’s official public, on 8 February 2022, the company’s brand of infinixero5g launched its first 5-g mobile phone, which marks the official entry of infinix into the 5-g era.
The most representative brand of emerging markets, unlike the way other producers “the same product is done”, is always “globalized” by infinix, which combines global trends with regional innovation, tailoring to regional differences that suit consumer needs.
We believe that, under the product concept of “globalization,” companies are expected to move their products to markets outside Africa, building new dynamics in the company’s mobile phone business. Extensions continue to expand.
So, actively implementing the diversity strategy layout, expanding the new class of smart hardware to meet the needs of consumers in emerging markets, and expanding online access while doing business under the line line. In addition, the company’s three major mobile brands, Tecno, itel, and infinix, are also well developed.
Extended product-based operations with the introduction of cellular basics, smart wears, tws headphones, laptops, televisions, etc., active exploration of new models of cooperation and business models, multi-brand strategies into virtuous development, laying the foundation for business development in the corporate extension category
Mobile connectivity creates a new growth curve.