Audio Holdings (688036): Run-away emerging markets, sound-provoked long-termism, emerging-market phone taps, continuing to build up competition in high African markets.
The company is based on the African market, positioning multi-level consumer groups through three brand machines: tecno, itel and infinix, and continuously optimizing the product structure.
High-end branding. 20% of high-end machine sales in 2021h1 and 85% of smartphone sales in the first three quarters of the company.
In addition, the Department has been active in developing emerging markets outside Africa, with smartphones reaching 15% in India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh in the first three quarters of 2021.
10% and 2.8%, with smartphones in Bangladesh, Pakistan, and other strategic markets, such as Indonesia, with faster revenues. And companies are also seeking to expand Middle East markets, such as Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Latin America, Russia.
52 weeks of price range, opportunities in the Ross market, and it is hoped that the company will open up Africa's business path in the future, with an average daily turnover of millions of dollars.
Multi-track business goes hand-in-hand with continued branding of eco-closing rings The company is focusing on the development of mobile phone business while the software end is simultaneously active with the hardware end, the multi-dimensional enhancement of the company's brand power: 1) the software end, the company fully enjoys its flag
Lower cell phones have a flow dividend from leading markets such as in Africa, moving connections from os to stand-alone apps. As of 2021q3, the number of users of soundingos has reached 220 million, the distribution of applications for value-added realizations for active users in stock and wide distribution.
On the independent app, as of 2021h1, the company has an autonomous and collaborative application of more than 10 million monthly users.
Application of the track. 2) Hardware end, firm focus on the company's high-quality business, strategy for bomb-making, focus on products such as tv, charger treasures, tws headphones, line, both on-line and below-line, building the business sales platform on a continuous basis, and matching
Under the branded after-sale service carlcare, consumer shopping experiences are enhanced to help companies develop a good reputational effect, as well as expected risks; emerging-market economic development is less than expected.
1 Audio Holdings: Emerging Market Smart Hardware Leader 1.1, Eco Sound Control Units dedicated to “Mobile Cell + Mobile Interconnection + Home Power Parts” established in 2013 with headquarters in Shenzhen, a mobile-centred smart terminal design,
Research, production, and brand-run high-technology enterprises are concentrated in emerging market countries such as Africa, South Asia, and South-East Asia. The company’s main products are tecno, itel, and infinix branded mobile phones, accompanied by diversification strategies and the development of digital accessories, household appliances, and mobile Internet services, including the creation of digital accessories brands oraimo, home appliances, etc.
The brand syinix and post-sale service brand carlcare develop their own smart terminal operating systems such as hios, etc., and xos. Research and development to suit local markets, including dark-skinned video technology, sweatproofusb ports, etc., have been completed in response to specific market demands.
According to the latest data from Wind, Shenzhen City's Voice-in- Ops Ltd. is the company's first shareholder, holding 50.95% of the company's shares, the second largest shareholder is Genko (Pingbu) equity, the investment fund partnership (limited partnership), holding 8.80% of the shares, and the third largest shareholder is managed by the new residuals.
The partnership has a 3.14% shareholding ratio. The company has a significant role in the management of the company’s operations by effectively controlling Mojiang, who served in the Zhejiang Bongtung Company Ltd., Ningpopo Company Ltd., and Shenzhen Satetel Technologies Ltd.
Companies’ operating income and net profits grew rapidly in 2020. The company’s operating income increased slightly in 2016-2019, with a small increase in the cost of company sales, mainly in the company’s expanding market area outside Africa.
There has been an increase in the share of smartphones in sales outside Africa. The demand for new products, triggered by technological upgrades and creations, has led to a rapid increase in penetration of the mobile phone industry, with corporate sales earning on mobile phones.
In 2020, the company's mobile business received $35,887 million, an increase of 51.89 per cent. On the other hand, as the new market matures, there is a greater demand for structural improvements in emerging markets, the ratio of smart phones is rising, the structure of sales of public and private mobile phones is improving, and the ratio of medium- and high-end smart phones is increasing.
The share has reached 77.74%, and the share of high-end machine sales in the middle of 2021h1 has risen to 20%. In terms of distribution areas, the main distribution area of the company’s products is Africa, followed by Asia such as India and Bangladesh. In 2020, Africa’s main business generated $22,452 million, an increase of 18.14%, and the company’s dominance in the African region has widened further.
The expansion of Asian markets, such as India, and other markets, such as Asia, have seen faster growth in their incomes. Public 2, mobile phone operations in 2020: Africa-based, sword-based, global emerging 2.1, low African economies, demographic dividends and infrastructure development will result.
2.1.1 Africa ' s population base is large and growing rapidly, and there is a demand for mobile phone consumption in more than 50 countries and regions, the second and second largest continent on Earth, with a population of 1,373 million.
First, according to population aggregates, the total population of Africa is expected to increase from the current 1.340 billion to 1.688 billion in 2030, and second, according to the World Bank, the population growth rate in 2020 was 2.63 per cent, well above the average world population growth rate of 1.02 per cent and over 10 years.
Maintained at over 2.5%, the world’s highest; by population structure, sub-Saharan Africa accounted for 50.4% of the total population in 2021, 46.1% of the population aged 19-65 and only 3.5% of the population aged 65 and over. Africa has 200 million more young people aged 15 to 24. By 2025, Africa’s youth population will be one quarter of the world’s youth population, and every year it will be one quarter of the world’s youth population.
Between 10 million and 12 million young people enter the job market, and a rich young population contributes to accelerating the process of industrialization. In terms of population structure, the majority of the population in Africa is under 20 years of age, the labour force is adequate, the population is well-structured, and there is sufficient potential for growth.
Figure 13: Africa has a very young demographic structure, with an uneven level of economic development below the world average and within Africa. Economic development in Africa as a whole is lagging behind, with Africa ' s per capita gdp of US$ 1803.52 in 2020, according to the United Nations Statistics Division, far below the world average.
An average of $10,949.49. Since agriculture, mining and light industry are the main economic pillars of Africa, the distribution of tropical crop areas and oil, cobalt, gold, diamonds and copper affects the distribution of African economies, resulting in uneven economic development within the region, with North Africa ' s per capita gdp being significantly higher than the per capita gdp in other regions of Africa, South Africa, Nepal.
In the future, as Africa continues to grow, the level of consumption of Africans will rise. The internal dynamics of growth in Africa are building up, and it is hoped to boost world economic growth in the future.
Africa’s economy grew at an average rate of about 5% per year, with growth occurring at a rate that is second only to that of East Asia. There are several reasons why Africa’s economic dynamism potential is high.
The long civil wars in Bic, Sierra Leone, Angola, Liberia and other countries ended, the border conflict between Ethiopia and Eritrea subsided at the beginning of the twenty-first century, and Somalia, which has been in a state of anarchy for a long time, established a federal government in 2012.
A small number of countries and regions are still experiencing localized conflicts, and African countries have entered a more stable phase of independence. The overall peace situation has laid the foundation for economic growth in African countries.
Africa will be the largest labour market in the world by 2050. The expansion of the middle-income class has boosted domestic demand.
Africa has reached the middle class of some 370 million people (34% of its total population). The economy varies widely, the electronics sector in countries with better economies is growing rapidly, and the implicit consumer market is huge.
Driven by accelerated globalization and rising income levels, Africa ' s consumption is on the rise and is expected to reach $1.4 trillion in 2020, with huge profits in growth space. Investment in infrastructure is on the rise.
US$ 1 billion, or more than 5% of the total of gdp. China has contributed significantly to the improvement of infrastructure in Africa, with the completion of a large number of infrastructure projects, such as railways, roads, bridges, etc., providing a major boost to African economic growth. There is still room for increased disposable income for Africans.
According to gsma, while smartphone penetration in sub-Saharan Africa doubled between 2015 and 2020, smartphone subscribers still account for about half of the total number of cellular subscribers. We believe that African disposable income is still low, and that most African users still cannot afford to pay for the equipment and network costs they generate.
Although the cost of smart phones as a percentage of Africa’s per capita monthly gdp has been declining steadily since 2017, reaching 26% in 2020, there is still a gap between South Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and others. We believe that Africa’s economic development and further improvements in communications infrastructure have been significant.
In this context, the consumer capacity of Africans will continue to grow, bringing more smartphone users, and there is still a lot of room for African smartphones in the market. 2.1.2, upgrading of communication networks drives the rapid growth of African mobile phones and mobile Internet.
Africa’s communications are not well developed, still dominated by 2g and 3g. In terms of communication systems, Africa’s regional communications infrastructure is not well developed at this stage and lags behind the rest of the world. According to the Global Migration Trends Report 2021, published by gsma, the penetration rates for sub-Saharan Africa were 36% and 52%, respectively, for sub-Saharan Africa in 2020, while the 4g penetration rates were only 36% and 52%, respectively.
According to gsma, Africa’s 4g communication development is still far out of reach, and it is not possible to replace the 2g and 3g networks entirely for the time being. The different levels of economic development in the countries of the continent make it possible to vary from region to region, and the pace of future growth is different.
Africa’s market network penetration varies widely from region to region, with 4g users mainly located in large cities. Given the wide variation in consumption levels among African cities, the main strategy of local operators is to promote 4g and smart machines in large cities and people.
In Nigeria, for example, as the largest mobile communications market in Africa, there were over 184 million sim cards in Nigeria as of December 2019, of which 126 million had Internet services. According to ncc data, Nigeria achieved telecom coverage in 2019.
About 89%, and 4g and fibre optic coverage are increasing in large cities and governments. Nigeria’s 3g service covers about 75% of the population, with 4g deployed in major urban areas, with 37% of the population covered by the 4g network. Nigeria’s top four operators are mtn, globacom, airtel, 9mobile, with market shares of 37.31%, 28.05%,
7.23% and 7.41%. ncc data show that private sector investment in this area has shifted from 2g to 3g and growing 4g, with coverage of 74% and 37%, respectively. 4g access in Africa is a major obstacle to low per capita income.
According to a report published by affordableinternet, in the 34 African countries with the latest statistics in 2020, 1gb traffic packs accounted for about 5.7% of per capita monthly income, i.e., it was assumed that an average per capita income of about RMB 5,000, which cost RMB 285 for the purchase of 1gb Internet traffic packs.
Moreover, broadband networks in Africa are dominated by wireless mobile broadband, with less than 1% of fixed broadband networks. In Africa, especially in the sub-Saharan African countries, low per capita income, high prices for Internet access, and slow access are all reasons for Africa’s low 4g penetration.
Africa’s functional market still has some room in the predominantly 2g and 3g markets, but there is no change in the trend toward the replacement of smart machines. On the one hand, emerging markets, represented by Africa, are often characterized by shortages in electricity supply, delays in the development of communications infrastructure, and poor economic development, and many consumers are accustomed to using two mobile phones, one smart phone, mainly for use at the same time.
In addition, for children and older persons who are not familiar with the development of smartphones, a function that is simple to operate is more responsive to their needs.
Functional mobile phones still have large market spaces and structural needs in emerging markets represented by Africa, and there will be specific consumption groups in the coming period. On the other hand, as African markets grow economically and telecommunications facilities improve, per capita consumption capacity increases, and market demand for smartphones grows.
While Africa’s intellectual holdings are growing year by year, their per capita holdings are still below the world average, communications facilities are still less advanced than the world average, and there is much room for development in the smart market. Chart 25: Africa’s functional and intelligent flight volumes (billions)
The penetration rate of smart machines in emerging market countries, represented by Africa, is increasing at a higher rate. According to gsma, the rate of smartphone connections in sub-Saharan Africa will rise to 64% in 2025. Meanwhile, according to idc statistics, future smart machines in countries (regions) represented by Africa, India, and Bangladesh will continue to grow at a higher rate than expected.
Average speed increase of 1.90%: Meanwhile, African, Indian and Bangladeshi smartphones show an average annual compound increase in volume. Thus, there is much room for development of African-represented emerging market smartphones, replacing 2.2, deep-farming African markets, branding and channeling the city's river.
2.2.1. Africa has a significant market advantage, with full access to the demographic dividend, a trend towards change of power, a multi-brand strategy to position consumers at all levels, with mobile market ownership ranking highest in Africa. As a result of mature markets, economic development and smartphone penetration are at a higher level, mobile phone output is slowing and stabilizing.
Demand comes mainly from the replacement of smart phones. Emerging markets such as Africa are in the process of passing their mobile phones to smart phones, which still account for a higher share of the market, a relatively low market penetration of smartphones, and even a fixed percentage of the population that has not yet used mobile devices. As economic development and per capita consumption rises, mobile phones are smart.
Meanwhile, competition for African smartphone products is now concentrated mainly in low- and medium-end-priced products. The sound captures the characteristics of less developed regions, and introduces a mix of products with functional + smart machines.
Markets are divided by a multi-brand strategy, with three major mobile brands: tecno, itel, and infinix targeting different groups of users of consumer capacity. After years of accumulation and development, sounding products have become more influential in major marketing areas and have a higher market occupancy rate. According to idc, three major brands continued to lead African smart phones in the fourth quarter of 2021.
Markets, with a combined share of 47.9 per cent; sound brands also dominate the market for functional mobile phones, with a combined share of 2.2.2, market openings at high value, sustained optimization of product structure, sound taking the lead on the African market with price advantages, continuously increasing the share of medium- and high-end products, and moving on to mobile productsasp
The share of exports, 81.1 per cent, continues to dominate the African smartphone market. The share of the medium sector has increased from 10.1 per cent of 2020q4 to 14.0 per cent of 2021q4. The increase in mid-end prices can be attributed to the emergence of new and functional models by major suppliers such as Samsung, Mi and Voice, which are expected to sustain the growth momentum in the long term.
In 2019, according to the company’s statement of shares, the prices of the smart machines were $578.76, $486.86 and $300.40, respectively, and the prices of the other functional machine products were $77.61 and $54.57 respectively.
Sounding accurately locates user needs, matches local consumption levels, and the prices of products are more competitive. In the context of obtaining the leading edge of the city, the company’s strategic layout of high-end cellular products upgrades the product structure against a background of matching local consumption capacity.
Sales have increased by more than 70% on a year-on-year basis, reaching 20%. We believe that the company’s promotion of the medium-to-high end product-to-up strategy will drive mobile phones to keep up, helping to increase corporate profitability.
Building high-guarded rivers, adhering to the core strategy of home-grown technological innovation and increasing product research and development and investment. Companies insist on planning and technological innovation for home-grown products in emerging markets, and spearheading the integration of cutting-edge technologies within industries with the characteristics of African markets.
In order to enhance the capacity of research and development as a whole, companies are improving their research and development (R & D) ladders, increasing the number of R & D personnel and increasing the cost of R & D. In 2020, companies invested 1,15.8 billion yuan in R & D, an increase of 43.80% over the previous year. The number of R & D personnel at the end of 2020 was 1,915, an increase from the end of 2019.
The product hits the user pain point, effectively improves the user's experience, and builds a high-product protection river. For 10 years, the sound was tailored to the market sensitivity, not only using marketing techniques to raise the visibility of brands in Africa, but also using professional techniques.
With exposure, sweatproofing is adapted to tropical climates, exclusive bells are adapted to cultural climates. To improve the functional user body, soundings are added to exclusive game applications such as downloads. In response to high transaction costs, network instability, low bandwidth, low memory configuration, etc. in Africa, sounding has developed flow-saving techniques, customer/service multi-level caches, etc.
Weak power infrastructure in Africa, local sounding, lowers the threshold for cellular power use, and increases the length of the voyage. Sounding cell phones have been extended over a long period of time, introducing hand machines capable of installing 6,000 mSV and 5 batteries, significantly reducing the threshold of access to electricity in the area where cellular users are located, and capturing the use of the product with long waiting time.
In many countries in Africa, advertising is still dominated by traditional forms such as wall-painting, poster-posting, fm-advertisement.
From the airport road in Nairobi to the slums in Kampala, from the border town of Kisii in Kenya to the town of Rubevu in Rwanda, where there's a wall, there's no need for wall ads on audio phones. For the people of Africa who love the characteristics of the ball, the voice goes on to sponsor teams such as British Superman City, Lester City, the official partner of their official team.
It also emphasizes the concept of “sales as one” and builds a full network of after-sales services, after-sales brand carlcare has over 4,000 direct camps or collaborative sites around the world, after-sales mobile phones and after-sales services enhance consumer trust, foster consumer loyalty, and help spread sounding slogans, and provide mobile phones.
The long-term development of the product provides a solid foundation. 2.2.4. Sub-line channels continue to sink, and online channels continue to expand.
In-depth cooperation on African marketing and retail resources and information upgrading and upgrading of distribution networks in priority countries and regions. Because of limited Internet penetration in Africa, online power suppliers now have very low market ownership, with a total of 360 distributors in Africa and a large number of offline retail outlets opened through distributors.
Dismantling sales channels, gradually sinking, covering and improving existing market distribution networks from the local second- and second-line developed regions. For priority market and priority distributor customers, companies adhere to the downswing strategy, with sales attachés maintaining long-term and stable day-to-day communication with distributors, distributors and retailers.
The number of people exceeds 5,000, or more than 30% of the company's workforce. Corporate sales personnel maintain permanent and stable daily communication with distributors, distributors and retailers, and have timely access to first-hand market feedback and demand information, helping companies to improve product competitiveness and market penetration.
The end-of-service sale of the product, which in 2020 was $3.860 billion, raised the promotion fee to $1,586 million, an increase of 35.37 per cent, or 4.20 per cent of the company’s revenues. The company’s increased marketing input towards co-development with its partners increased client satisfaction and stability.
As technology advances in emerging market countries, basic communication facilities are improving, user consumption habits are changing, and more and more people are beginning to accept the pattern of online purchases, increasing the capacity of online channels, matching lines through online publishing sessions, online bookings, and offline combinations.
In April 2020, Tecno, in collaboration with the Nigerian Ace TV, launched the new camera camon 15 series, which successfully created Africa’s first smart cell phone line.
The number of viewers and viewers on the day of the launch is rising, and the number of viewers and viewers on the day of the launch is 2.5 million, with television channels showing 1.5 times the daily rate of viewing. The camon15lack# twitter topic is very much discussed, and is ranked first on the real-time hot list.
It only opened up the African market, which received strong feedback from the market. We believe that companies, in keeping with developments in the way African consumer groups shop, are actively expanding online channels, emphasizing online-to-sub-line linkages and building full-source sales in the face of more user groups, will further consolidate their access advantages in emerging markets, raise barriers to competition, and boost sales.
2.2.5. Replicating success stories in African markets, powering other emerging markets around the world, opening up incremental space. One of the most important reasons for success is the sounding of mobile phones as a brand that has come out of the country and has been established successfully in Africa.
The localization of sound, the localization of sound phones, has established sound-phones in Africa and has earned the reputation of “the king of African mobile phones.” At the same time, companies are looking at the opening of other emerging markets around the world.
In 2020, in the South Asian market, the company was ranked first, 18.3% in Bangladesh, 18.3% in India.
Field occupancy rate of 5.1%, ranking sixth, the development of South Asian markets has yielded some results. We believe that the success of African markets has led to the accumulation of firm experience in emerging markets, and that companies are expected to replicate the success of African markets in the future, continuing with the exploration of “localized operations” models to increase the coverage of corporate sales.
3 iot: Expanding the boundaries of hardware products to open up new opportunities for growth 3.1, large population, high demand, promising outlook for the African domestic electricity market 3.1.1, unstable power resources and need to increase household power penetration
Africa’s poor electricity infrastructure is one of the constraints to access. Africa’s region is characterized by low levels of household penetration due to economic development, poor electricity infrastructure, and instability of electricity resources.
Electricity, including sub-Saharan Africa, has the lowest rate of electricity access globally, with energy consumption per capita of only 180 kWh/year, and electrification of only 54% even in Nigeria, the largest economy in Africa. Intra-African regions, electricity use is uneven, and power use is concentrated in northern and southern Africa, even where grids are available.
With investment in infrastructure, Africa’s electricity use has remained at steady growth levels, and potential domestic electricity markets have continued to develop. Wind data show that in 2019, Africa’s electricity use was 68.18 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 1.18%.
As a result, the penetration rate of the domestic electricity market is expected to increase continuously. According to the statista, the penetration rate of domestic electricity users in Africa was less than 10 per cent in 2020, and is expected to reach 13.8 per cent by 2025, and the number of users will reach 8.6 million.In terms of market size, Africa ' s domestic electricity market reached $222 million in 2020, and is projected to reach 2025.
Market size will reach $325 million, capr 7.92 per cent in 2020-2025, and household electricity demand will continue to flourish. 3.1.2, Africa’s domestic electricity market is dominated by white cards.
Between the 1990’s and 2010, Korean brands gradually occupied over 80% of Africa’s market share through higher value for money and greater market penetration. The second was between 2010 and 2017, when Chinese brands such as Seastar, tcl, American, creative, etc. developed a hot tide, also pushing the share of Korean brands to about 10% through high value for money.
But the fact that most Chinese brands do not attach sufficient importance to African markets and do not insist on promoting high-value product paths has prevented Chinese brand manufacturers from taking up African markets, leading to a more fragmented pattern of competition. Today, Chinese brands account for only 15-20% of Africa’s markets, with Samsung, lig, Sony accounting for about 10% of the market, and 70% of the market is owned locally.
Currently, the domestic electricity markets in African countries such as Egypt, South Africa, Nigeria are well-developed and have evolved into an environment of scale and development. However, in most African countries, the existing domestic electricity manufacturing industry is not perfect, there is a lack of upstream raw material suppliers, and domestic electricity products are dependent on imports. Among these, South Korea’s tristars, lig, account for relatively high-end ecological benefits.
Keys, South Korea’s tristars, logs, take on relatively high-end ecological assets, while China’s Heir, Heising, and America’s early entry into Africa has an advantage in mainstream consumer prices. In the future, as emerging markets turn to smartphones, Africa will face even greater market competition.
3.1.3 Local roll-out of products to capture the market share of emerging countries Sound-control shares target African domestic electricity markets to strengthen their presence in the non-stereotypes and build a second growth curve. In 2015, a home brand svinix was created, and Internet televisions, including washing machines, refrigerators, etc., were launched in Africa.
Multi-brand, multi-modal development paths. Corporate re-engineer cellular products open the way to markets in Africa, multi-brand differentials, heterogeneous positioning and operating, with svinix positioned as medium-to-high end home brands, itel as entry-level home brands, and infinix preparing smart television.
Intelligent terminal products, using their competitive advantage in Africa, explore the path of multi-modal business growth and develop new African businesses in a multi-dimensional, stylized manner. By 2021q3, corporate power had achieved $550 million, expected to achieve a 50-70% annual growth target, and household panels were growing rapidly.
In combination with the use of pain spots by local users, local production of high-priced products is appropriate. As in mobile phones, most home-based products with sound-control holdings are high-priced and committed to expanding the market at low prices. On the product power side, ongoing localization innovations, such as the introduction of air-conditioning that can accommodate 179 v - 265v voltage for power instability in Africa; and on weather in Africa.
In September 2020, Syinix officially became an official branding partner at the British Ultimate City Football Club (lcfc) with the hope of reaching out to more consumers with the global appeal and influence of Lester City.
In the meantime, Syinix will turn the new items on the front line, working together to build a telemarketing platform for the post-sales brand carlcare, and the product will be posted online on Facebook with the local air network red tape. On the day of the launch, 50 inches of television products will be sold out. As an emerging cross-border player, we believe that the sound control unit will be based on the high brand of its mobile phone.
Visibility and strong control over offline distribution channels are working to promote the development of the African domestic electricity industry, taking advantage of emerging countries to launch professional post-sale brands. Enhancing the consistency of products with end-users. Carlcare is a brand created by companies to provide professional after-sale services, with product categories covering electronics, products, household appliances, lighting appliances, etc.
There are a number of management and technical teams from top industry experts, with over 4,000 service interfaces (including third-party cooperation points), more than 60 countries and regions in Africa, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, South-East Asia, South Asia and South America, with more than 900 million service users annually, providing professional and efficient after-sales services to users worldwide.
The integrated after-sales service system provides strong guarantees for companies to consolidate and increase their share of emerging market sales, further increasing product stickivity with end-users. Carlcare has also become Africa’s largest electronic and home-based product service 3.2, mobile sales have increased, and sales of 3c accessories have been scaled up.
As the volume of mobile phones increases and Internet penetration increases, the mobile phone digital appliance business also develops, providing new dynamism to the market through the rapid development of new consumer electronic products, represented by smart sound boxes, smart bracelets, and wearing devices. Oraimo is a brand of specialized 30-product accessories created by the company in 2014 and focused on the whole world.
Young consumers of the ball have created cool, innovative smart parts that enable them to explore more wonderful experiences. Oraimo’s products – mainly smart sound boxes, smart bracelets, mobile power, blue-tooth earphones, etc. – have now successfully covered more than 30 countries and territories in Africa and Asia, and are now one of Africa’s most popular consumer-friendly 30-parts brands.
4. Mobile interconnections: os+app bilineal advances, construction of ecology 4.1, a surge in Internet penetration, triggering economic booms, a small base of Internet users in Africa, influenced by global technological developments, which have increased more rapidly in recent years.
The Division's (ifc) report shows that, since 2000, the number of Internet users in Africa has exceeded 520 million, representing 40 per cent of Africa's total population, 60 per cent of whom are connected via mobile phones. Ifc expects that the number of Internet users in Africa will increase by 11 per cent over the next 10 years, accounting for 16 per cent of the total number of Internet users worldwide.
Its contribution to the gross domestic product (GDP) has reached $115.0 billion, or 4.5 per cent of Africa ' s gdp. The report projects that by 2025 Africa ' s Internet economy could reach 5.2 per cent of Africa ' s gdp, or nearly $180 billion, and that market size in 2050 would amount to $712 billion. The digital transformation and policy orientation of enterprises could positively affect Africa ' s digital economic growth, based on the foundations.
Investment, consumption of digital services, public and private investment, and new policy regulations will also play an important role. The size of Africa’s Internet economy (billion dollars) is a blue sea and a deep sea.
The penetration rate is still low. Africa’s power company, Jumia, became Africa’s first unicorn enterprise in 2019, and the potential for market development is enormous. At the same time, the shopping platform konga, which is also the largest shareholder in the South African press on many occasions because of better prospects, is now at a market value of 190 million.
There are long-term structural pains. Africa’s payments and logistics have been slow to develop as an infrastructure compared to the rest of the world. Africa’s mobile payment markets may have changed with the entry and development of palmay.
Figure 55: Africa’s electricity suppliers continue to make payments mainly on the basis of the delivery of goods, and the huge market potential of the African Internet market makes it more competitive. Internet firms compete in partially segmented markets to press for development. In short video, Internet firms, such as web, audio, bytes, etc., enter the market, pushing the market.
New and emerging cross-border players, represented by sound, are also opening up the Internet. Based on the advantages of their cellular output, sound is building a unique mobile Internet ecology in Africa, and the African music streaming media platform, Boomplay, is being launched.
Vskit. Newsconsolidation tool scooper.viewer phoenix. Mobile payment palmpay and other stand-alone apps, continues to grow. 4.1.1, 4g in the big city is gradually opened, and vskit is a pioneer in the development of short video applications.
Africa’s youthful population and a strong culture of song and dance have made Africa’s users very well-tempered with short videos. With the influx of major existing products, including Facebook, instagram, tiktok, etc., short video applications have grown rapidly in recent years and markets have matured.
The short video of the continent is characterized by a “manufactured body” in which users prefer to absorb rather than export content, with a missing content system. Africa has no mcn institution, few creators of short video content for a career, and many kols are active on existing short video applications, making the content of the platform “coarse.” So, the big short video platforms need to act as mcn institutions in the future.
vskit accelerates the ecological development of short video content in Africa, with a strong incubation potential. vskit is a short video platform created by a joint venture between audio-control and web-friendly companies, which was officially launched in Africa in March 2018 and can be accessed by users.
By filming short video content of the ugc within 15 seconds and uploading it to vskit. From the beginning of the vskit line, great importance is attached to “content-based soilification” output, with the use of dark-skinned filtering techniques and the use of local language, local perspective, to produce interesting videos that fit the cultural characteristics of the local community.
In 2021, vskik reached 30 million active users in the month, with content production increasing by 500% on the same date. As a result of the higher cost of company hardware in local markets and the lower cost of localization operations, vskit gained faster traffic under the accelerated penetration of short video applications.
Branding collaboration, platform-wide promotion, etc., is the main mode of liquidity, but vskit continues to be based on the accumulation of users and currents in African markets, and will later build local mcn ecology through collaboration with local kol in Africa, building advantages and barriers to local short video content. Although the current harvest is not clear, the potential for incubation is enormous.
4.1.2 Increased availability of smart machines, stabilization of the market for music applications in Africa, benefits from the spread of young people and smart machines, and the market for music applications in Africa has become largely saturated and stable after rapid growth. Previously, in terms of market patterns for music streams in Africa, Boomplay, googleplaymusic and International
Musical media giants are competing, and boomplay dominates a number of countries in West Africa to East Africa, including Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya, and Tanzania. International giants, after arriving in Africa, have lost profits in localization, with only some North African markets gradually being replaced.
By December 2020, Boomplay had a global total of 130 million users, with a pool of over 50 million and a copyright area expanded from seven countries in Africa.
The key to Africa’s music market is that Africans love their own culture of music. In q1 from 2019 to 2020, Boompaly was once the best option for young people in Africa to listen to music, and according to the latest big data, Boomplay’s per capita use is long.
Top 10 music software ranks first all the time. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Boomplay opened 21.2 times per week, usually 35.26 minutes per week, 21.6 times per week in the first quarter of 2020, often 40.78 minutes per week, leading significantly to other types of music software, and Boomplay built a powerful customer.
The household is sticky, with a crowd of music-loving users, and it is expected that this will be a boomplay that will expand the market for music consumption by 4.1.3, the wind has come, Africa's mobile payments are gaining momentum, Africa's 4g penetration is rising, Africa's mobile payments are gaining momentum, bringing together players from all walks of life. Africa's development is more nuclear.
In 2020, sub-Saharan Africa accounted for 64% of the global total, reaching $490 billion, an increase of 23% over the previous year, mobile payment registers, a breakthrough of 500 million and monthly users of more than one third, with West and East Africa having the highest absolute growth rate, but South Africa.
The continent is growing the fastest, with 24% more than ever. Under the new crown epidemic, mobile payments are becoming one of the ways of spending young people, and moving payments are better than expected in the core of Africa. Unlike traditional stereotypes, Africa is the world’s first leader in mobile payments development.
Without a monopoly advantage, m-pesa operations were blocked in 2016, and Africa’s mobile payment market has seen a new turn. At present, Africa’s mobile payments sector has not yet created a clear monopoly market, with mobile payment companies such as palmay, mfsafrica, flotterwave, interswitch, m-pesa, etc. are taking their share of the market.
Africa’s Golden Clothes has arrived, and the area of mobile payments is now open. Palpayy is a more mature mobile payer for Africa’s development, with existing operations mainly in Ghana, where services include electronic payments, money transfers, hands.
Since its first roll-out in 2019 in Nigeria and Ghana, palpay has had more than 5 million users. Since 2020, soundings will be pre-arranged on 20 million tecno phones, using their user and traffic advantages in the smartphone market.
In addition to financing transactions with tecno under the banner of sound control, palpay works with Vida to provide visual financial products to users of palpay mobile wallets.
Chart 65: Cooperation with various enterprises
I'm not going anywhere.
Tecno nibjj paystack
Flutterwave 4.2, 100-year-old Senior Vice-President, preaching to the Dragons to start a new journey of mobile interconnection.
Mobile Internet platforms, based on user flows and data resources, are the nuclear basis for companies to develop mobile Internet products in Africa. The system of soundings is the company ' s second-developed, in-depth customized end-of-end mobile phone operating system based on anand system platform, with the advantages of flow saving, multi-level client/service caches, and resource differentiation configurations.
Effectively enhances the user’s experience. The company’s branded mobile phones are equipped with autonomously developed end-to-end systems such as hios, itelos and xos, which, while enhancing user hardware experience, provide emerging market consumers with culturally appropriate mobile Internet applications such as software pre-loading, distribution, advertising, etc.
The company’s os business is now relatively early, preloading accounts for a larger share of the os business income. According to the company’s 2021q3 performance release, preloading accounted for about 44% of the zeros in the first three quarters of 2021, and distribution.
In January 2022, the former Senior Vice President joined the Voice Control Unit, which is primarily responsible for audio-transmission interconnections, software product development, and master.
The Internet market in emerging markets, Africa, Pakistan, etc., is still a blue sea market, with a wide range of growth space and a certain pre-eminence for sound transmission. According to the appsflyer report, the performance of mobile interconnections is ranked second in the global growth index, one higher than in the same period last year, and one higher in the African retention index.
The audio-movement interconnections are also excellent, ranking 3rd on the scale and strength of advertising channels in the culture of life. Sea Dragons have great experience in advertising platforms, advertising, and we believe that companies have taken advantage of Africa’s mobile interconnectivity markets, and that in the future they will focus on creating their own “localized” advertising platforms with pre-emptive and flow advantages.
The combination of features with the rich experience of mobile Internet operations to sea dragons and the ability of advertising to become available is expected to lead to a faster increase in the arpu value and to further development of mobile Internet operations.sub-region:
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Simeji Jampp 5, investment proposals and profit projections
As the world’s leading mobile brander in emerging markets, voice-held shares have accumulated deep in Africa, with the reputation of “The King of Africa’s Mobile Phones.” We believe that companies are constantly refining the business model of “Mobile Phones + Mobile Internet Services + Household Power, Digital Parts” to move connectivity and product-type operations while mobile phone operations take root in Africa and expand new markets.
It is expected that this will be accompanied by an upgrading of the structure and consumption of emerging market mobile phone products, expansion and movement of household power and accessories operations (2) below the expected risk of downstream demand; and (4) below the expected risk of emerging market economic development.
• Electronics Group Profile: Maester in Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in the country from 2018 to 2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.