Audio Holdings (688036.sh) Globalizing Vision, Locally Implementing Emerging Market Smart Terminals, Focusing on Emerging Markets' Smart Terminal Products and Mobile Connected Services Providers.
Mainly engaged in the design, development, production, marketing and branding of smart terminals centred on mobile phones, the company owns three major mobile phone brands: tecno, itel and infinix, including functional and smart machine products, huhui2@guosen.com.cn
Towards emerging markets such as Africa, India, Pakistan. Based on the leading edges accumulated in emerging markets, s0980521080001 companies are running home and consuming electronic parts, while working from both sounding os and independent apps.
In 2021, companies collected 49.4 billion yuan, of which smart machines accounted for 79.5%, functional machines 14.0%, and other businesses such as household electricity, accessories, and oss accounted for 6.5%. Emerging markets have a large population base, and low penetration rates of smart phones support rising demand for terminals.
To enter the global mobile phone industry into stock development, but emerging markets (including Africa, India, Bangladesh) continue to grow, based on: 1) a large population base, high birth rate, low per capita mobile phone retention and increased mobile phone demand; and 2) low intelligence penetration in emerging markets and 21 years of African intelligence penetration
It is only 44.0%, well below 90% + in mature markets such as Europe and America, and smart machines still have more room to penetrate. In the emerging markets, the “globalization vision, localization” constructs corporate moats.
The company has always taken root in emerging markets, with user-centred innovation in home-made products, while building a whole chain of localization of services from production, sale to after-sales, and building a unique moat. Corporate smartphones have been first in Africa in 21 years, in Pakistan, in Mon.
The Gala is ranked second, and sixth in India, with shares of 46.7%, 41.3%, 20.1%, 7.1%, with domestic electricity, spare parts and mobile interconnections, building the second growth curve for the future. Africa’s demographic model, electricity coverage are gradually increasing, domestic demand is steadily increasing, and companies created domestic electricity in 2015.
The brand syinix, based on the advantages of a mature domestic supply chain and the company ' s localization in Africa, is expected to boost the rapid growth of home power operations through sound management (688036.sh) - 1022 business performance. Moreover, Africa is the world ' s last generation of more than 1 billion people.
Sound Holdings (688036.sh) - 21 with high performance, emerging market expansion Mobile Internet Blue Sea Markets, now sound 0s are the mainstream operating system in emerging markets such as Africa.
One is that, in partnership with leading Internet companies in Africa, such as Cyber Easy, Telecom, and others, companies have taken the lead in Africa in presenting a financial evaluation of Sound Controls - 688036 - Over-expected performance, with more flowers in emerging markets, and more than 10 million mau, including boomplay, vskit, scooper, phoenix, etc.
Audio Holdings - 688036 - Financial Reporting Point Review: Accelerating Growth, Beyond Market Expectations Globalization Perspectives, Localized Emerging Markets mobile phone taps Focusing on Global Emerging Markets Smart Terminal Products and Mobile Connected Service Providers
The sound control unit was established in 2006 and is mainly involved in the design, development, production, marketing and branding of smart terminals with mobile phones at their core. The company’s main products are three branded phones, Tecno, itel and infinix, including functional and smart machines, and the marketing regions are concentrated in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America.
Emerging market countries. After many years of development, companies have become the backbone of the global emerging market cellular industry, with 12.4 per cent of the global mobile phone market according to idc in 2021, with 6.1 per cent of the global smart market, and sixth in 2021 in Africa, Pakistan.
Companies are committed to becoming the most popular smart-end products and mobile Internet service providers for consumers in emerging markets. Based on their accumulated leadership in emerging markets, companies are actively implementing diversified strategic layouts around mobile phone operations.
Created digital appliance brands oraimo, home appliances brands syinix, and after-sales brands carlcare. In addition, company-based and in-depth custom-based smart terminal operating systems, including hios, itelos and Xos (collectively referred to as “symbols”), are available to emerging market consumers.
Local culture mobile Internet applications, such as software pre-loading, distribution, advertising, etc., and the development of independent mobile Internet products and services in music, news, content aggregation, short video, and other areas. 2008 was the year when companies defined the “Focus Africa” branding strategy, three major mobile phone brands: tecno, itel and infinix
The company's three major mobile brands, Tecno, itel, and infinix, were launched in 2006, 2007 and 2013, in which Tecno worked to bring to the consumer the latest technological trends, high-value mobile products, and the itel was placed as a trusted entry point.
A high-end Internet phone brand for young consumers, infinix. The company’s development strategy, “Focus Africa, Make a Brand” in 2008, created an appliance brand oraimo in 2013, created a home power brand syinix in 2015, started expanding the Indian market in 2016, and has surpassed the three stars since 2018.
Figure 2: Corporate development: roll-out of three major cellular brands: tecno, itel and infinix.
The company owned 50.95 per cent of the company's shares in Shenzhen City Sound Investment Company Ltd. (the “speak investment”) and the company's controlling shareholders. 20.68 per cent of the company's shares are held by its chairman, Mr. Xiang Muang, the general manager of the company, and have signed agreements with other major shareholders of the company to act in concert, to delegate voting rights, and to be the actual controlling party of the company, respectively.
Prior to the creation of the sound control, Mr. Zhejiang was a member of the Zhejiang Bong Tong Company Ltd., the Ningpopo Division, and Shenzhen Satell Technologies Ltd., with many years of market and management experience in the mobile communications industry. The three major brands of mobile phone business have gone hand in hand, focusing on emerging global markets such as Africa, India, etc.
Corporate cellular output was concentrated in emerging markets such as Africa, India, Pakistan and Bangladesh, with 82.39 million company smartphones in 2021, of which 50.9 per cent were in Africa and 13.9 per cent in India and 4.97 million in Africa in 2021.
The volume of smartphones delivered by companies in Pakistan was 6.7 million, or 8.1 per cent, a year; the number of smartphones shipped by companies in Bangladesh in 2021 was 2.29 million, or 2.8 per cent, and the number of smartphones delivered by companies in other markets (Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Russia, Middle East, etc.) in 2021 was 29,000, or 24.3 per cent.
In 2021 there were 123 million mobile phones delivered by companies, of which 72.9 per cent in Africa and 15.0 per cent in India, and 1 billion (cagr: 21.8 per cent). Of these, the number of mobile phones delivered by companies in Africa increased from 33.23 million (88.2 per cent) in 2015 to 89.55 million (72.9 per cent) in 2021, corresponding to the 2015-2021 cagr
18.0 per cent; company output in India increased from 4.46 million (or 11.8 per cent) in 2015 to 5 million (million) functional mobile phones in countries/areas with sound-control holdings.
Tecno, a middle- and high-end smartphone and smart hardware brand under the corporate umbrella, is dedicated to serving young consumers in emerging markets around the world. Tecno is committed to providing young users in emerging markets around the world who are actively experimenting with the latest technologies and exploring future development opportunities, with smart technology products that integrate modern-day cutting edge technologies and elegant fashion designs.
Tecno now covers more than 70 new markets around the world; tecno is also an official partner in the 2021-2022 tournament of the League of England champions, the Man City team.
According to idc data, in 2021, 40.29 million tecno mobile phones (yoy+11.3 per cent) were shipped, representing 32.8 per cent of total mobile phone shipments; in 2021, 35.6 million tecno smartphones (yoy+37.0 per cent) were shipped, accounting for 43.3 per cent of total smartphone shipments.
Itel is a popular brand under the corporate umbrella that aims to provide consumer consumers with affordable consumer electronics and lifestyle products.itel provides consumer consumers with affordable mobile communication technologies, universal access to technology, and access to the interconnected world for first-time users of mobile phone products.
In 2021, according to idc data, 82,540,000 (oy+12.1 per cent) of mobile phones were delivered, representing 67.2 per cent of the total volume of mobile phones delivered, and 2,357 million (yoy+28.9 per cent) of smartphones in 2021.
Infinix aims to become a fashion technology brand for young people in emerging markets. Infinix emphasizes online and offline, focusing on digital marketing and fan operations, launching Zero, note, s, hot, and smart.
In addition to mobile products, infinix has also launched extension products such as tws, laptops, smart television. According to the Translator Network, infinix products cover more than 40 countries worldwide, including Africa, Latin America, the Middle East, and South Asia.
And South-East Asia. According to idc data, 2.31 million (oy + 40.7 per cent) of the total number of smartphones delivered by infinix in 2021 accounted for 28.1 per cent of the total number of smartphones delivered by sound transmission.
In 2013, the company created the consumer electronic parts brand oraimo, which is dedicated to providing consumers with fashionable and fine products. Oraimo products, including tws bluetooth earphones, smart watches, bluetooth boxes, mobile power sources, vacuum cleaners, are now successfully covering more than 50 countries and territories in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, Latin America, etc.
In 2015, the company created a home brand, syinix, which seeks to become the leader of the African market ' s home brand. The syinix is dedicated to promoting the development of the home power industry in the African region, mainly smart televisions, air conditioners, refrigerators, ice.
Syinix is committed to localizing product innovation and product quality enhancement, leading to a better quality of life for users through a better product experience, with operations spread across more than 20 countries in Africa. Given the steady and sustained flow of smartphone sales, companies are actively engaged in mobile connectivity.
The brands of mobile phones under the banner have been mounted with soundings, and around soundings, companies have developed tools such as app shops, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone housekeepers. Mobile Internet counters, based on user flows and data resources, are the core basis for companies to develop mobile Internet products, building local communities through insight into local user needs.
In addition, companies and many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as web access, telecommunications, etc., are working in a variety of applications.
By the end of 2021, there were more than 10 million active monthly users of a variety of autonomous and co-developed applications, of which some 68 million were active users of music applications and over 60 million were recorded as the leading music stream media platform in Africa.
The news-polymization application scooper has become one of the platforms for African head flow and content aggregation, with approximately 27 million households active each month and operating in nine national markets; the integrated content distribution application, phoenix monthly life, with about 100 million users, has become the African user-scale platform for integrated content distribution.
Corporate revenue, at 33.5 per cent of cagr, increased from $11.6 billion in 16 years to $49.4 billion in 21 years. This is as follows: 1) the penetration of smart machines in emerging markets such as Africa continues to rise and demand continues to grow; 2) companies are committed to localized product planning and technology research and development innovations in target markets and their market share continues to increase; 3) companies increase their printing.
New markets, such as Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, the Middle East, and Latin America, have built up marketing networks to cover a gradual increase in the number of countries. Business performance remains robust, with more negative factors.
As a result of negative factors such as sudden, global inflation, and the tightness of part 4gsoc, the company collected $11.55 billion (a rapid expansion of markets such as yoy Gala, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, etc.), and the share of the company ' s African region in main operating income fell from 88.6 per cent in 2016 to 49.9 per cent in 2021).
Figure 20: Māori ratio of sub-products of a company. Price pricing of a company's products is based on a cost-added model, with product costs denominated mainly in RMB, while product sales denominated mainly in United States dollars, and therefore the level of Māori ratio of a company is more affected by the United States dollar exchange rate.
In other words, assuming that the cost of a company's mobile phone product is 320 yuan, taking into account the 20 per cent price of the Māori Space RMB 400; assuming that the company uses 6.4 as the United States dollar price exchange rate (“pricing exchange rate”), the price of the product is $62.5; and if the United States dollar exchange rate (the “converted rate”) rises to 6.6 at the time of sale of the product
The currency exchange rate for this product increased from 20 per cent to the average annual United States dollar pricing exchange rate (“pricing exchange rate”) in 2017 and the annual average United States dollar conversion rate (“value exchange rate) as a result of lower conversion rates; the company's gross profit rate increased by 2.91 pct to 27.36 per cent in 2019 on the same basis.
These include: 1) the price rate is lower than the conversion rate; 2) the situation in India is less competitive; 3) the company is experiencing an increase in the price of key raw materials such as chips, screens, storage units, etc. in 2020; 2) the price rate is higher than the conversion cost recategorization to operating costs; 2) the secondary sale return is changed from the sale cost to offset operating income.
Corporate costs have generally been stable since 2017. Corporate sales costs have risen from 8.02% in 2016. Corporate sales costs have fallen from 3.65 pct to 6.57% in the year to about $800 million in freight costs from sales costs. Cost rates have fallen from 1.22, 0.35 pct to 2.97% in the year to 2.62% in the year.
Companies’ annual financial cost rates are highly volatile, largely influenced by exchange gains and losses. Emerging markets in the cellular phone industry, home-grown innovations, protected rivers, emerging markets, “globalization vision, localization implementation,” and unique moats.
In the emerging markets, companies have always embraced the development philosophy of “globalization vision, localization” by integrating global resources, combining them with localized values in emerging markets such as Africa, building and developing systems of R & D, production, marketing and post-sale business that fit their own business characteristics. By contrast, other international leading mobile brands have long been branded.
The concept of globalization, the lack of awareness of emerging markets with large gaps with mature markets, the introduction of standardized products that are difficult to meet the needs of local users, while other mobile phone brands, while perhaps aware of the pains of the local population, cannot really solve the problem because of lack of power; the fault between the two offers opportunities for the company to develop.
Real understanding of users, with companies focusing on local users in emerging markets for local product innovation. When entering African markets, companies are well-prepared to learn that local consumers are taking photographs, books, and photos.
Local language, electricity, etc., and as a guide to the development of cellular products. 1) African consumers like to take pictures and share them, companies collect pictures of local Africans widely, do facial profiles, exposure compensation, imaging effects analysis, and develop products that are dark-skinned beauty functions to solve the photo shoot of dark-skinned users.
More expensive, average African consumers will have more Sim cards, so the company introduced a double-card and even four-card cell phone to solve this pain; (3) in response to the problem of Africa's mobile phone charging problems, the company used long-duration flights as a point of origin, developed low-cost high-pressure fast-loading technology and introduced mobile phones that lasted more than 20 days; (4),
The company also introduced high-quality music soundings, mobile phones anti-water corrosion, etc. In 2016, when it entered the Indian market, the company replicated the experience of local product innovation in local markets, taking one year of pre-cursor research to find solutions to hit the user’s pain point.
In a different way, Indians like to eat with their hands, their fingers are oily, and in order to solve the problem of cellular unlocking, companies have developed oilproof fingerprint recognition devices; (2) unlike Africa, Indians eat and sleep late, so there are the most people taking photographs at dusk, and in order to solve the problem of exposure of the weak light at this time, the company has to deal with the problem.
The photo function has been developed specifically for higher imaging quality in order to restore the colorful image.
In emerging markets, companies build whole chains from production, marketing to localization of services. Production end: companies set up assembly plants in Ethiopia, India, and Bangladesh to meet local user demand.
The plant, with less than 40 employees, employed more than 1,000 local workers by 2020 and employed more than 95 per cent of local workers in Africa. At the end of the spectrum: the company has set up a wide range of services, supported by sales by a small number of operators.
A network of powerful and stable marketing channels. At present, companies in more than 70 countries and territories around the world have established close partnerships with more than 2,000 dealers with extensive marketing experience, and have formed marketing networks covering major global emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America.
Depending on the logistics network, rapid delivery of raw materials and goods will be achieved through the establishment of multiple logistics warehouses overseas. Service end: For long-term brand development, companies integrate after-sales services and create specialized after-sales brands carlcare.
Marketing strategies have evolved over time, and companies have developed good branding in emerging markets. In the early days of entering African markets, companies have adopted a marketing strategy for saturated wall advertising, newspapers, and newspapers in Africa.
Outdoor walls, television, etc., can be seen in logo under the banner of tecno, itel, infinix, etc., a strategy that works well in infrastructure, underdeveloped Internet in Africa, reaching consumers with saturated contact, while companies create synergies between advertising and offline distribution networks.
With the advent of the digital age in Africa, companies have increased branding on overseas social media platforms, spearheading the introduction of fan economy, online sales, and other Internet games in African markets. Meanwhile, given that music and football are the favorite entertainment and sports projects for locals in Africa, corporate brands can be held by hiring prominent African musicians.
In addition, the company is committed to helping African refugee children improve their educational conditions, and in 2020, the company joined forces to create mobile phone products in a bid to increase brand power among consumers, including through local marketing tactics, in partnership with the British-Superman City and the Lester City Football Club.
Tecno and UNHCR have entered into a strategic partnership to support global education projects. In the 100th ranking of Africa's favorite African consumer brand, published in Africa Business 2021, three major mobile phone brands, Tecno, itel and infinix, are ranked 6, 21 and 25, respectively.
Tecno has for many years been in the lead of the selected Chinese brand, and itel is second in the Chinese brand. Figure 33: The company tecno brand is working with the British-Superman City Football Club, the global mobile phone industry is entering stock development, and the growth potential of emerging markets remains.
The global smartphone market, which has undergone a golden decade since 2006, is now in stock development. The period 2006-2016 has seen a continuous upgrading of smartphones and the progressive realization of a full replacement for functional phones; according to idc, global smartphone shipments have grown from 80.5 million in 2006 to 1,469 million in 2016.
The global smartphone market, after a fast-growing “golden decade”, has entered a stock development phase, with global smartphone shipments declining for the fourth consecutive year, according to idc, from a high of 1,469 million tons in 2016, with sales rising by 6.2 per cent in 2021 compared to the same year.
To 1,360 million, but still below the pre-2019 prevalence of the new crown. While global smartphones have declined since 2016, emerging market smartphones have remained steady since 2016.
In Europe, India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, the Middle East, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines) the volume of smartphone shipments has increased at an annual compound rate of 3.70 per cent, higher than the global rate of 1.54 per cent.
The population base in emerging markets, with low per capita mobile phone holdings, continues to grow by 8,050 million people (yoy+0.99 per cent) annually, including 1,324 million people in Africa (yoy+2.50 per cent) and 2.74 per cent (yoy+1.9 per cent) in 2020; and 165 million people (yoy+1.01 per cent) in Bangladesh, or 205 per cent;
In 2019, according to the Population Division, the global birth rate (number of births/total population x 1,000 per cent) averaged 19.53 per cent, with Africa, Pakistan, the Middle East, 2019.
Emerging markets such as Bangladesh, India and South-East Asia have higher birth rates of 31.27 per cent, 27.84 per cent, 18.84 per cent, 17.87 per cent, 17.64 per cent, 16.70 per cent and 11.40 per cent, 10.5 per cent and 9.81 per cent, respectively, than the mature mobile phone markets of the United States, China and Europe.
The proportion of young people in emerging markets is high. According to the United Nations Population Division, the global population aged 0-14 was 27.09 per cent in 2020, with Africa, Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, the Middle East, South-East Asia and other mobile-based emerging markets accounting for 38.84 per cent, 34.82 per cent, 26.75 per cent, 26.16 per cent,
According to the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), in 2021 there were 1.10 mobile phone holdings worldwide, including in Africa, the Arab States, the Asia-Pacific region, Europe, and the Americas.
Per capita mobile phone holdings are 0.83, 0.98, 1.12, 1.18, and 1.19, respectively. Thus, per capita mobile phone holdings in emerging markets such as Africa, the Arab States and Asia and the Pacific remain relatively low and there is still much room for improvement compared to mature mobile markets such as Europe and the Americas.
Emerging markets have a large population base, a high birth rate, a high proportion of young people, and low per capita mobile phone holdings, with considerable room for growth in mobile phone demand. New markets such as Africa, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, South-East Asia, and the Middle East have a population base of more than 4 billion people, with higher birth rates and a relatively high share of young people, but with economic growth.
Relatively poor and relatively low per capita mobile phone holdings. With economic development in emerging markets, the release of population dividends, and the development of communication technology facilities, and taking into account the higher acceptance and demand of young people for consumer electronics such as mobile phones, the demand for mobile phones, especially smart phones, will continue to grow in emerging markets.
Emerging-market smartphone penetration remains low, smart machine replacement functional space is larger, global smartphone penetration exceeded 80% in 2021, and mature market smartphone penetration in the US, China, Japan, etc.
The penetration rate for smart phones has risen from 72.60% in 2015 to 82.14% in 2021, according to idc. The penetration rates for smart phones in the United States, Europe, China, Japan, South Korea were 96.72%, 89.40%, 97.52%, 98.14%,
99.39. Thus, for mature markets such as the United States, China, Japan, and Korea, smartphone penetration has exceeded 95 per cent, and in Europe smartphone penetration is close to 90 per cent. Figure 41: United States, European, Chinese, Japanese, Korean smartphone penetration
In Africa, South Asia, the Middle East, and other emerging markets, smartphone penetration remains low. According to idc, the non-continental smartphone penetration rate was 44.02% in 2021, an increase of 0.46 ptt over the same year, and African smartphone penetration has remained at 40-50% since 2015, as the construction of Africa’s wireless communications infrastructure is still lagging behind;
The penetration rate of smartphones rose rapidly from 40.82 per cent in 2015 to 70.01 per cent in 2021, mainly as a result of the rapid growth of the Indian economy and the construction of communications infrastructure in recent years; the penetration rate of smart hands in the Middle East was 84.35 per cent in 2021, while the penetration rate of smartphones in Pakistan and Bangladesh was 54.63 per cent, respectively.
37.21%. Visiblely, smartphone penetration in emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, and the Middle East remains low compared to more than 95% in mature markets such as the United States, China, Japan, and South Korea.
The volume of 114 million (yoy+2.29 per cent) is still at a high level; Indian mobile phones dropped from 181 million at their peak in 2018 to 68,850,000 in 2021, although in absolute terms they remained large; and in 2021, the number of mobile phones in Pakistan, Bangladesh and the Middle East fell from 134, 192.2 and 10.3 million, respectively.
As can be seen, mobile phones from emerging markets remain relatively high, and there is still more room for smartphone replacement. Companies are more competitive in smartphone emerging markets like Africa, India, and others.
The Division conducted a full survey of local markets prior to accessing African markets, and given the direct relevance of mobile phone demand to population size, given the relatively large population base in East Africa, companies chose to “land” from East Africa, then to countries and territories in Central and West Africa, and to further expand markets in North and South Africa for many years.
To take root in African markets, thanks to excellent product performance and localized technological innovation, the market share and extensive brand influence in African markets is much higher than that of other cellular producers, known in industry as the “King of Africa.” The market share of companies in African smartphone markets reached 46.71% in 2021. According to idc data, companies
The market share rose rapidly from 14.88% in 2015 to 46.71% in 2021. In addition to sound transmissions, the African smartphone market also involved Samsung, Mi, oppo, hmd, etc., with a market share of 20.82%, 7.37%, 7.10%, and 3.80% in 2021.
The Division has a relatively strong influence on smartphone markets in East Africa and West Africa, where, according to idc data, its share in smartphone markets reached 63.80 per cent in 2021 in three East African countries (Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda); and 73.76 per cent in two West African countries (Ghana, Nigeria).
In 2021, the company’s market share in Africa’s mobile phone market reached 78.37%. According to idc, the company’s output in African markets grew from 3.32 million in 2015 to 8.95 million in 2021 (cagr: 17.96%), and the market share rose from 32.17% in 2015 to 78.37% in 2021.
In addition, participants in the African mobile phone market included hmd, stylo, tcl, kgtel, etc., with a market share of 8.64%, 1.85%, 1.53%, 1.22% in 2021, with a second to fifth place.
India’s smartphone market share rose rapidly, with the top five being millet, Samsung, vivo, realme, oppo, 25.15%, 17.37%, 15.60%, 15.03%, and 11.10% respectively.
Pakistan ' s smartphone market shares ranged from two to six in 2021, vivo, 0pp0, milli, Samsung, realme, 27.40 per cent, 9.13 per cent, 8.94 per cent, 8.24 per cent, 2.98 per cent, Bangladesh ' s smartphone market shares ranged from vivo to 20.76 per cent in 2021; and III to VI, respectively, were 27.40 per cent, 9.13 per cent, 8.94 per cent, 2.98 per cent, respectively.
The shares are 18.60%, 11.34%, 10.57%, and 7.26%. Since 2018, companies have further developed emerging markets such as Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, the Middle East, and Latin America. According to idc, other emerging markets (including Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, the Middle East, Latin America) were smart in 2021.
A total of 286 million mobile phones (yoy+9.69 per cent) were delivered, of which 40.9 million (yoy+10.91 per cent) were delivered by Indonesian smartphones and 9.74 per cent (yoy+5.64 pt); 2.096 million (yoy-5.64 per cent) by Thai smartphones and 13.82 per cent (yoy+4.83 ptt) by company markets; and the Middle East smartphones.
55.5 million (yoy+12.21%), with a market share of 11.20% (yoy+8.38pct); Latin American smartphones 135 million (yoy+8.69%) and a market share of 1.56%.In general, companies are in other smartphone emerging markets (including Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Middle East, Latin America).
The market share rose from 0.01 per cent in 2015 to 5.91 per cent in 2021, with the distribution of household electricity and accessories, the creation of a second-growth curve for companies, the vast space in the African electricity market, and the multi-brand positioning and operation of corporate electricity.
Electricity sales to the Middle East and Africa reached $15.8 billion in 2019 and are expected to rise to $19.6 billion in 2024. According to Euromonitor, electricity sales to the Middle East and Africa grew from 35.2 million in 2015 to 38 million in 2019, corresponding to 1.93 per cent in 15-19 cagr; and $14.6 billion in 2015
In the Middle East and Africa, electricity sales will reach 41.5 million in 2024, equivalent to 1.78% in 19-24, and are projected to reach $19.6 billion in 2024, corresponding to 4.40% in 19-24. Africa’s larger population underpins the future growth of the home power market in Africa.
See, according to Euromonitor data, electricity sales in Asia, North America and Europe in 2019 were $1548, 692, 62.8 billion, while electricity sales in the Middle East and Africa were only 10.2 per cent, 22.8 per cent and 25.2 per cent of the mature markets in the domestic electricity sector in Asia, North America and Europe, respectively, but by comparison with the size of the population, the Middle East in 2020
The combined population of Africa is 1,571 million, 34.9 per cent, 134.0 per cent and 272.2 per cent in Asia, North America and Europe, respectively. In recent years, as Africa ' s economy continues to grow, its population ' s material pursuit is increasing. Because of the tropical nature of most of Africa and the constant high temperatures and rains, demand for domestic electricity, such as air conditioning and refrigerators, is higher.
The gradual increase in electricity coverage in Africa is expected to lead to an increase in household electricity demand. In the past, low electricity coverage among the African population directly contributed to low household power coverage in Africa, which was only available in 2000
In our view, the gradual improvement of Africa’s power supply facilities will lead to a steady increase in domestic demand in Africa. By 2010, Korean brands had gradually taken over African cities through higher-value prices and greater market penetration.
Over 80% of the market share; between 2010 and 2017, Haesin, tcl, American, and creative Chinese brands became popular, also pushing the share of Korean brands to 10% to the right through high-value competition. But China brands did not completely replace Korean brands in Africa after 2017.
The gradual decline to only 15 to 20 per cent is due mainly to: 1) China’s branding of Africa’s markets is not sufficiently focused on Africa’s markets, insufficient localization of research, development and extension inputs, and even the use of Africa as a destination for dumped products; 2) China’s brands are on a high-end path, contrary to the market orientation of Africa’s market for value for money.
The market share of China’s brands in Africa is now only about 15-20%, with three stars, lig, and Sony accounting for about 10%, leaving 70% of the market in local African white hands. National electricity firms benefit from a well-established domestic supply chain system in African markets.
With a large capacity and a current pattern of competition dominated by local white cards, like the Chinese mobile phone market around 2008, there are structural market opportunities at the turning point of the transition from White House power to Brand House power.
The transformation of home-grown production has been promising in African markets, thanks to a well-established domestic supply chain system. The company’s middle-end home brand syinix was created in 2015 and, since 2019, the company’s home power business has opened the path of multi-brand, multi-model development and multi-brand differential positioning and operation.
At the middle end: mobile brands, itel and infinix have also launched home-based electricity-related products, in which itel is positioned as an entry-level home brand, and infinix has launched a smart television business. Companies have been working deep in Africa for many years, and local teams, product insight, marketing channels, and after-sales services can all contribute to home-based electricity business development.
Localized production: In March 2017, the syinix television assembly line at the Ethiopian factory was put into production, equipped with 5,000 televisions, covering 22-55 inches of different types of television products. Product precision innovation: similar to mobile business, home-based electricity companies also target African markets and match users.
For example: 1) Many households in Africa are still unable to consume smart television and still choose to buy functional television, but Africans are also very fond of watching football games, so companies have introduced on functional television the ability to cast a screen via mobile phones; 2) Africa's voltage is unstable, the country's voltage is unstable.
In addition, in order to continuously improve the competitiveness of products, companies strengthen the supply chain strategic alliance system and collaborate with upstream key players.
The suppliers are working together to develop products for emerging markets, and there are a lot of channels and marketing experiences: for home appliances, while doing business under the line, companies are actively developing online channels and exploring new modes of cooperation and business.
On the other hand, in July 2020, Syinixa 20 series of TVs was listed in Kenya, while Facebook shop, which was broadcast live by the local gas network, produced good sales results. In addition, in September 2020, Syinix announced that he was officially a partner in the soccer club in the city of British Ulster.
After-sales: after-sales services for company power businesses are performed by the company’s after-sales brand carlcare. Since its inception, Carlcare has been working to bring consumers into emerging markets with a focus on user demand.
Industry, efficiency, convenience, and trusted after-sales services. Figure 57: In 2017, the syinix assembly plant in Ethiopia was inaugurated and corporate consumer electronics brand oraimo was favoured in emerging markets such as Africa.
Oraimo products include smart appliance products such as tws bluetooth earpieces, smart watch, appliance for mobile phones such as electrical appliances, charged treasures, memory cards, batteries, smart sound boxes, electric toothbrushes, electric shavers, knives, weight scales, etc. In terms of products, companies continue to increase their use of audio, smart wear, etc. iot
Research and development efforts in the field, tailored to the characteristics of users of different colours and regions, combined with research and development teams’ research in humans, acoustics, etc., are constantly introducing products that meet user needs. Moreover, in the face of the challenge of the new crown epidemic, more and more African retail stores are seeking to break through the line.
In July 2020, oraimo worked with the Central African lead integrated logistics service provider to address local logistics pains through a number of effective initiatives such as high-level data analysis in order areas and pre-positioning, stable receipt services, and the dispatch of 100% of ITU customers.
With both strategies and process optimization, 90% of packages on the oraimo brand line can reach the next day or every other day. Currently, more than 100 million users are one of Africa’s most popular consumer consumer consumer electronic parts brands.
Figure 59: Oraimo covers products such as smart clothes, digital perimeters, smart homes, etc., and Africa's mobile connectivity is a leap forward. The corporate layout is beginning to show that Africa is the world's last mobile Internet blue sea market of over 1 billion people, Africa's mobile Internet.
Markets are in a jump-start growth phase. With international capital taking hold, Africa's mobile interconnected ecology has made a breakthrough from zero to one in the past few years: according to the Partechventures report, Africa's mobile Internet portfolio in 2019 amounted to $1,163 million (yoy+108%), with 164 financing completed (yoy+28%).
Africa's mobile Internet industry has unique advantages, including: 1) Africa skips the pc era and enters the mobile Internet age, allowing new products and services to take over the market; 2) Africa's average population is as young as 19 years of age and in the process of rapid urbanization, young, urbanized users connect to new things.
3. The development of mobile Internet in Africa also presents many challenges, including: 1) Africa is made up of 54 countries, languages, languages, languages, etc.
Religious, institutional, cultural and income levels vary, with fragmented markets posing challenges to business expansion and user fission; 2) per capita income in Africa remains low, Internet products are emerging and commercialized at an early stage, while data flow costs remain high compared to per capita income; 3) in addition, African regulations are not transparent, business environments are poor, macros
In Africa, where companies have been operating mobile Internet for many years, the advantage lies in flows and channels. First, according to idc, the company’s market share of smartphones in Africa reached 46.7% in 2021, with mobile phones operating in Africa.
The market share reached 78.4%, so the company had good smartphone access resources in Africa, which allowed it to break a cell phone user into multiple mobile Internet users. Second, the company had established a well-connected, heavily permeable and stable offline distribution network in Africa, where the company could take full advantage of the subline.
The “soft power” of Africa’s mobile Internet and digital new economy. Third, in years of deep-deeping in Africa, companies have sunk into stronger market insights, localized innovation, cross-cultural collaboration, etc., and these “soft power” will be transformed into a fundamental advantage in the construction of a company’s mobile interconnectivity.
The company built Africa's mobile interconnection ecology from zeros and independent apps. The sounding 0s has become one of the dominant operating systems in major global emerging markets, such as Africa, and has accelerated the creation of distribution and advertising services for stock users. On independence apps, companies and domestic leading Internet companies, such as Internet access, telecommunications, etc.
By the end of 2021, the company had more than 10 autonomous and collaborative products for more than 10 million active users per month. Sound 0s has become one of the mainstream operating systems in major emerging markets around the world, such as Africa.
The company's mobile phones are equipped with a cellular smart terminal manipulation system (sound 0s) based on the secondary development of the android system platform. The company has developed app shops, advertising distribution platforms, big data around sound 0s. The annual income is about $550 million (yoy+84%); and 1022 is about $160 million (yoy+100%), of which preloads account for about $160 million (yoy+100%).
Mobile Internet platforms, based on user flows and data resources, are the core basis for companies to develop mobile Internet products in Africa. According to the fourteenth edition of the report on the comprehensive performance of advertising platforms, published in March 2022 by Appsflyer, the performance of mobile interconnections is ranked second in the global growth index, up one in Africa over the same period last year;
In the retention index, companies have also performed well in mobile interconnections, ranking 3rd on the scale and strength of advertising channels in the cultural sphere of life and entering the top 3 with Google, Meta.
At the app level, the company actively introduced high-quality external resources, working together on the Chinese Internet, e-mails, readings, tethers, etc. The giants have worked together and laid out the tracks of music, short videos, information streams, online reading, etc., to bring China’s leading products and technological capabilities to Africa.
Products, including music streaming media and downloading service platforms: Boomplay, short video social platform vskit, NewsScooper, online reading funool and mobile payment palmpay, etc. Boomplay: originally pre-loaded music players for the audio tecnoboom series of phones, company since 2016
In a few years, Boomplay became Africa's leading current media music platform, working with the Internet as a stand-alone Google app store. Since 2018, Boomplay has completed its extensive work with copyrights of the three major global record companies, Global Music, Warner, Sony Music.
According to the announcement, by the end of 2021, Boomplay had more than 68 million active households and a pool of more than 60 million, continuously empowering and fully developing the African music industry. vskit: March 2018 was easily launched by a sound-and-web-friendly joint venture, the only global focus on Africa.
Vskit has a positive value for the development of the African short video industry and for the dissemination and promotion of African culture through deep-ploughing native content culture, digging up indigenous content producers, creating home-grown content ecology. According to official networks, Vskit had 30 million active users by the end of 2021.
The creators are located in more than 40 countries and regions in Africa. Scooper: One of Africa’s Headstream Information Flows and Content Syndication Platforms, which establishes local operating teams in several countries in Africa, enables the platform to produce a steady stream of local content through “pugc+ Copyright Cooperation.”
By the end of 2021, more than 27 million active users were announced. phoenix: Africa's leading integrated content distribution platform, dedicated to providing a rich variety of mobile digital content for local users, including search, graphic information, video length, resource downloads, music, novels, comics, etc.
Interest and services. The localization of the product has been recognized and well received by a wide range of local users. According to the announcement, by the end of 2021, there were more than 100 million active users in phoenix month.
♪ Hoenix boomplay vskit ♪
Scooper, in the long run, wants to be a provider of mobile interconnected eco-bottom platforms and tools in Africa, working with many partners and sharing them. The company will use its own resources (including on-line user flow, user needs graphics, etc.).
Cross-country local resources, insights into different cultural differences, team talent and development resources, brand influence, and past successes in incubating experiences) are brought together as open innovation platforms. The Voice for New Creation platform will help Africa narrow the digital divide and provide local users with high-quality products and services that integrate the latest science and technology trends.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
With interest rates of 41.4 per cent, we expect the company's revenues from electricity, spare parts and o's operations to grow in 22-24 years, mainly in the design, development, production, marketing and branding of smart terminals with mobile phones at their core, taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company's soundness.
We've chosen the same end-state brand with mobile phones as a comparable company - the MiG (1810hk) and Apple (aaaplus). Among them, the MiG was founded in April 2010 and is based on smartphones, smart hardware and iot platforms.
(b) Apple designs, manufactures, sells smartphones, laptops, tablets, apparel devices.
And spare parts, as well as various related services, according to idc data, in 2021 there were 236 million Apple smartphones, with a market share of 17.3 per cent, the second highest in the world. Spombo agreed to expect the 2022 average of pe (20.04 times), taking into account the African, Indian, and the sounding.
For the 25-31-year transition period, emerging market countries such as Africa and India have a large population base and a low penetration of smart phones, and companies continue to grow at a high rate, using fcff valuations to reflect the long-term growth value of their companies.
Against a background of low quantities and low penetration of smart phones, we see that the volume of smartphones in emerging markets has been stable and growing. Companies have become more competitive in Africa’s mobile markets, while actively exploring other emerging markets, such as India, Pakistan, Mongara, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, the Middle East, and Latin America.
In addition, the company actively deploys household electricity, accessories, and mobile Internet operations in an effort to create a second-growth curve for the company. We assume, on the basis of the precautionary principle, that the company's operations and products are in the electronic sector, taking into account that the company's business and products are in the electronic sector, the Beta coefficient uses the “electronic” board of the Schenwan Level I industry.
Average Beta calculations for the past three years (1.2526 x); annualized rate of return (10,5479 per cent) over the last three years, using the 100 per cent index for equity risk premiums, compared to a risk-free rate of 2.75 per cent, which results in the calculation of Wacc, an absolute valuation that is sensitive to the rate of growth of wacc and perpetuity, for which the following table shows the absolute value of the company.
The sensitivity analysis of changes. 1) Emerging market smartphones are steadily increasing, with “Globalization Vision, Localization Implementation” building companies to protect the city's rivers; 2) “Extensions” such as household electricity and accessories, and mobile interconnections becoming the company's top priority.
Second-growth curves. Combined relative valuations and absolute valuations, we believe that there is a reasonable interval between corporate valuations, but the valuations are calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the calculation of free cash flows to companies over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), the assumption of tv growth rates and comparable publics
The selection of the divisional valuation parameters incorporates many subjective judgements: the high annual free cash flow calculation, which leads to the risk of an optimistic valuation;2 the weighted capital cost (wacc) has a very strong impact on the corporate valuation, and we assume that there is no wind in the calculation of wacc.
Risk interest rates of 2.75 per cent, risk premium of 7.80 per cent may still be expected to remain low estimates or values for these parameters and lead to lower values for Wacc, leading to overvalued company valuations:3 We assume a 2 per cent growth rate for company tv over the next 10 years, and the industry in which the company is located over the next 10 years.
Largely adverse changes in the real low or negative growth of a company, resulting in high corporate valuation,4 we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company's business in the relative valuation method, and have obtained reasonable ranges of relative corporate valuations by pe-vals, if the overall market risk preferences change.
In profit projections, we look to emerging markets like Africa, where smartphones are growing steadily, while in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, and China, companies are actively engaged in the development of alternatives to Africa.
In the context of smartphone emerging markets, such as East and Latin America, as well as the positive deployment of household electricity, accessories and mobile Internet operations to shape the second growth curve in the future, we expect companies to increase their net profits from their mothers in the period 2022-2024 by the same year, with risks of operating abroad. The company’s mobile products are sold overseas, while the company is in Ethiopia and printing.
Emerging-market countries, such as Bangladesh, have built their own factories, with more than 2,000 post-sales service outlets worldwide, and have built up a global arrangement for cross-border operations in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. While emerging-market countries are growing faster, their economies are comparable to those of developed countries or mature markets.
The base is weak, and there is some degree of uncertainty in both the political and economic environment. Moreover, tensions or deterioration in political and diplomatic relations between China and the United States, China and India, among others, could trigger vicious trade events such as trade wars, market access and import and export restrictions, which would have an adverse impact on firms’ procurement, production and marketing abroad.
Main raw material supply concentration and risk of price fluctuations. The raw materials procured by the company consist mainly of electronic components, optical devices, structural materials, electronic parts and packages, which are represented by chips, screens and storages, which account for a higher proportion of business costs.
Changes in business or major adverse changes in the foreign trade environment will result in insufficient supply of the raw materials or large fluctuations in prices, which may have a greater impact on the profitability of the company.3 Management risks associated with the expansion in size. With the rapid growth in the size of the business, the scale of the company’s sales will expand rapidly.
Higher demands are placed on corporate organizational structures, management systems, and business management talent. If firms fail to innovate in management in a timely manner to respond to the rapid expansion of their size, there may be risks of competitiveness, erosion, and rising operating costs.
4. Risks of adverse expansion of new markets. Given the wide range of socio-cultural differences between emerging markets, the degree of economic development, industry regulatory policies and consumer preferences, and the time-cycle required for new market channels, brand promotion and consumer recognition, production and logistics organizations of products need to maintain
Financial and human inputs continue. If new markets fail to open as expected, they will have a negative impact on the growth of corporate performance.1 Macro environmental risks. As consumer-type electronics, the mobile phone industry does not have a clear cyclicality, but is similar to its consumer-type electronics, and consumer market demand will decline as macroeconomic climates decline.
In the future, sharp fluctuations in the global economy will have a negative impact on the development of the industry in which the company is located.2 and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Sales outside the company are settled mainly in foreign currency, such as the United States dollar, with the corresponding company holding the dollar, etc.
Foreign-currency assets and liabilities. While companies will balance the size of foreign-currency assets and liabilities in the future to reduce the impact of exchange gains and losses on their performance, they will have a greater impact on their business performance if there is a large short-term fluctuation in the settlement exchange rate between the relevant foreign currencies and the renminbi.
3. Increased competition in the industry. Companies have built up leading market advantages and higher brand visibility in emerging markets, and companies will face the challenge of sustaining a competitive edge in a competitive environment in a dynamic industry if competition in emerging markets increases in the future and firms are unable to sustain product innovation and improve product quality and service levels on an ongoing basis.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.