The annual report meets expectations, and 21 years of domestic and foreign operations are expected to accelerate, and the research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, issued the 2020 annual report, yielding $7,373 million, or +15.56 per cent, in return for repatriation.
Net profit is 933 million yuan, compared to 67.39%. Of this total, 2020q4, 2,305 million yuan, compared to 5.88%, ring + 7.85%. Investment in the grid is expected to continue at a steady pace, with 20 years of growth in thought orders and 21 years of expected additions.
Quick. 20 years of grid investment, 46.05 billion yuan, or +3%, exceeded the investment of $42 billion at the beginning of the year. 21 years of network investment is expected to continue steadily, with 473 billion, or +3%, planned. 20 years of thinking and thinking about new ones, $8.46 billion (excluding taxes), +4.2% less than at the beginning of the year.
The order target of 9 billion is mainly the impact of the epidemic, especially the fact that overseas operations are being held back by more than 1 billion people, which is +18.2% of the year, which will accelerate significantly. For the product, 20 years of transformers, secondary power, electronics are the focus of growth and traditional advantage switches.
3.38 billion dollars a year, compared to +23.9 per cent, a steady growth, especially in niche markets such as Gis, with significant improvements in profitability; 2) 20 years of significant growth in transformers, leading to a similar increase of 5.8 to 1.45 billion in the coil group product category, with companies positioning their operations as power equipment masters, currently
Company transformer orders are full and productive and delivery is expected to increase at a higher rate in the second half of the year, with state factories delivering post-partum billing and delivery; 3) second share of equipment continues to rise, with 20 years of the same market for smart equipment; and 4) 20 years of non-performance compensation +19.2 to 1.09 billion, with company svg equipment in the city.
Industry leads, access to new sources of energy is substantial and is expected to grow rapidly in 21 years; 5) Companies such as factories and Changzhou plants will start production in the first half and second half of the year, and the productive capacity of postpartum companies (especially gis, transformers) will be rapidly upgraded to facilitate purchase orders and delivery capacity
Q1 performance continues to improve, q1 has been affected by the epidemic for 20 years and is expected to recover for the long term for 21 years. 20 years of overseas operations have been affected by the epidemic, and pc has slowed down, falling by 28.7 to 550 million in the same year, while overseas operations are fully operational.
2 Xingen Electric (002028): q3 20-year-old company multi-value products entering Spain, Italy, Ukraine, Thailand, Viet Nam, Monga, and Māori rates continue to improve
Markets like this, through certification of national qualifications in France, the United Kingdom, Spain, etc. 21 years of gradual recovery of overseas operations, with faster growth expected. In the long run, well-lined, technologically advanced, flexible mechanisms are in place as compared to domestic competitors; industrial chains are dominant, and industrial chains are more powerful than overseas.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account higher expectations of company q1 performance and improved performance,
Annual report, $7.373 billion, or +15.56 per cent; net return to mothers, $933 million, or +67.39 per cent, tax) and +4.2 per cent, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, slightly below the order of $9 billion set at the beginning of the year, of which overseas orders have remained largely stable as a result of the new income guidelines affecting the Māori rate, the actual Māori + 3.4 pt, q4 Māori ratio was also affected
The resulting transportation costs are factored into contract performance costs, which affect the Māori ratio by 3.46 ptt, after taking into account the same ratio of Māori to calibre + 3.41 ptt, which affected the source's transfer from sales costs for the entire 20-year period, and are expected to accelerate in 21 years as a result of the expected steady increase in investment in the grid and the 20-year increase in the speed of thinking orders.
The network has invested 460.5 billion yuan, compared to +3 per cent, exceeding the investment of 42 billion dollars at the beginning of the year. It is expected to continue to increase steadily in 21 years, with 473 billion dollars, or +3 per cent, planned to be invested. 20 years of new thinking, $8.46 billion (excluding taxes), +4.2 per cent less than the order set at the beginning of the year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, especially in overseas operations.
Large resistance. This year, as the epidemic picks up business activity abroad, companies set a new target of $10 billion, compared to figure 7: National grid investment data for the calendar year. Figure 8: Increased speed of thought-source electrical orders for the calendar year.
By category, 20 years of transformer, secondary, electrical electronics are the focus of growth, with a steady increase in traditional advantage switch-type products, with company transformer orders now full and output insufficient, and delivery speeds expected to increase in the second half of the year, with state factories delivering post-partum billings and delivery speeds; 3) two years of equipment share continuously rising, with smart equipment plates equal to +47.1 to 790 million in 20 years, exceeding this year.
The company ' s svg equipment industry, which is leading the industry and benefits from significant access to new energy sources, is expected to grow rapidly in 21 years; (5) companies such as factories and Changzhou factories will be operational in the first and second months of the year, and the productive capacity (especially gis, transformers) of post-partum companies will be rapidly upgraded, contributing to further growth in order orders and delivery capacity.
Twenty years abroad are affected by the epidemic, and 21 years are expected to recover. Twenty years overseas operations are affected by the epidemic, measuring overseas equipment exports at about +10% per year, 20 years of companies entering markets such as Spain, Italy, Ukraine, Thailand, Viet Nam, Bangladesh, etc., through national certifications such as France, the United Kingdom, Spain, etc. 21 years overseas.
A gradual recovery is expected to lead to faster growth. In the long run, full-source electrical products are well-lined, technologically advanced and institutionally flexible as compared to domestic competitors; the industrial chain has a strong edge and a higher value for money than overseas, and overseas operations are expected to rise gradually to over 30 per cent.
20 years of successful bid ~800kv White Crane Beach – Jiangsut high-voltage direct-flow engineering, delivery of company products on priority projects such as the national 13th Five-Year Plan for the Rawlings Railway, the “Electric Networks on the Clouds” Ali and the Tibetan Network Project, demonstration of flexible direct-flow projects in the north of Zhangbei, ~800kv
In 2020, the company insisted on a customer-centred service concept, building on the group’s commitment to make the transmission and distribution of electricity safer, more manageable and more efficient.
Active marketing, enhanced internal management, continuous process optimization, overall product quality upgrading, quality of services and quality management. Thinking sources have benefited from a relatively high level of platform capacity in the past. The current platform for marketing, supply chain systems, research and development is largely functional and will continue to build up the platform for services, engineering and so on.
The cost of q4 R & D and management costs have risen significantly under the impact of the new revenue guidelines. Companies have experienced strong cash flows in 2020, lower receivables, and a significant increase in the supply of commodities in their inventories. Cash flows from operating activities in 2020
Net inflows in the amount of $818 million, a decrease of 166 per cent over the same period, of which q4 had net cash flows of $953 million; vendor Le Wu Xin Xiang, profit projections and investment proposals: taking into account corporate q1 performance forecasts, improved business performance and restructuring of companies
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board