The lumberware lead company of the 'ai ' era.
• The domestic light-frame lead industry, which benefits from the development of the ai in depth, for the first time covers, gives a “buy-in” rating to the company as a provider of the overall solution to the optical device and an advanced optical envelope manufacturing service for high-speed light products development, mass production and marketing services, which has now resulted in 13 product lines, eight solutions, uniforms
The company’s products are widely used in the field of light communication in data centres, 5g networks, etc., while extending the scope of operations to downstream laser radars, medical detection, and providing basic optical and integrated devices. The light communication network, as an important foundation and solid base of the numeracy network, is expected to lead to a new cycle.
We expect the company Qai to drive a continuous upgrade of the high-speed light communication network, and the outlook for the light communication industry is wide, and with the rapid development of aigc, the speedier upgrade of the power grid towards higher speeds such as 1.6t, 3.2t, etc., is expected to be fully beneficial.
In terms of product technology, the light module is moving towards high speed, miniaturization, heat-plugping, while the high-speed drops drive technological developments such as silicon light, cpo, etc.
Rapid development of the market for light modules.
For over a decade in the field of deep-farming equipment, the company has accumulated many of the world’s leading technology innovation platforms in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, and composite metals, which are high-speed products such as active layout light engines in response to the high rate of the next generation of data centres. By the end of 2022, the company had developed 800g lightware.
The project, the laser chip integrated high-speed light engine research and development project, has progressed to a small volume of production, and the company is expected to maintain its technical leadership, consolidate its ongoing cooperation with head customers, and continue to benefit from the development of digital and telecommunications markets.
Fibre communications: 20 years of deep-farming devices, business plans are steadily expanding 1.1, the provider of the overall solution for high-end optical devices of the `ai ' era, the lead military manufacturer of domestic light devices, and operations continue to expand. Suzhou Fibre Communications Co. Ltd.
tfc) Created in July 2005 and listed on the business board of the deep-seated enterprise in 2015, is an integral solution to the problem of optical devices. Program providers and advanced optical envelope manufacturers are engaged in high-speed light equipment development, volume production and marketing.
The process is gradually expanding to high-value non-source devices such as optical separators, fibre-optic array lenses, mux/demux, and source devices such as those extending downstream from the optical sender component to osa, building vertical industry one-stop solutions around the needs of downstream customers.
As of March 31, 2024, the company was owned by Tianfuin and Investment Management Ltd., with a total of 38.11% of the company ' s shares, and was effectively controlled by the Joo Jian farmers and the O-Yan couple, whose children sailed and Zao Xin sailed as co-actors of the actual control.
One of the founders of the company, Mr. Chu, holds 8.92% of the shares. The founder of the company holds nearly 50% of the shares, which helps to ensure consensus on the strategic vision within the department, improves the efficiency of decision-making and enhances the effectiveness of implementation.
Based on the field of optical devices, the company has continued to expand its product lines. The company has developed deep into the field of optical instruments, and has accumulated many years of industry experience in the fields of precision ceramics, precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass. The company is based on the industry of optical communications, and, in addition to traditional optical equipment in the field of optical communications, the company relies on its own basic materials and elements.
Accumulated experience in the areas of devices, integrated envelopes, extension of operations to downstream laser radar, medical detection, basic optical type devices and integrated device products, which now form 13 product lines, eight major graphs, and three: the company continuously enriches the product matrix.
Thirteen major product lines, eight solutions, companies continue to globalize the layout. Companies acquire and control Gao Antenna through mergers and acquisitions, direct creation, etc.
The companies are active in synergizing and creating a global network of solid division of labour collaborations through resource sharing, technology transfer and collaborative collaboration.
With a steady growth in corporate performance and a gradual increase in profitability, R$279 million, or 202.68 per cent, compared to the previous year, the company achieved a double increase in operating income and net return to the mother.
Thanks to the rapid development of artificial intelligence and the increased demand for numeracy to boost the construction of the global data centre, the data centre ' s demand for high-speed optical device products has continued to grow, with faster demand for high-speed products, forward-viewing of high-speed product operations by companies and increased research and development inputs that can quickly meet the needs of clients for products.
The company has grown faster and the global layout is well under way. By business type, in 2023, the company earned 1,183 million yuan, an increase of 23.28 per cent, and the company generated 746 million yuan, an increase of 242.52 per cent, a faster growth.
The strategic layout of offshore operations has become increasingly important for companies, with corporate Māori rates and net interest rate levels for overseas operations having remained stable in recent years as a result of the rapid development of the overseas ai model, and high levels of Māori for lightless devices. In recent years, companies have continued to optimize their collection structures, with a steady increase in profit margins.
55.51% net interest rate achieved at 38.24%. Sub-operational panels showed a higher rate of Maori in the bareware business, a continued increase from 23.22% to 44.77%, and an improved level of Maori. The lightware industry was highly competitive, and the prices of most of the Department’s products showed a downward trend. To control the risk of a decline in the Maori rate, companies continued to optimize the production of the product.
A life-cycle combination, increased automation of product line development, and continued promotion of lean management and reduction of efficiency gains. Corporate cost control was good. Companies achieved a sales cost rate of 0.77 per cent in the first quarter of 2024, a decrease of 0.66 percentage points in the same year, a management cost rate of 4.60 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 0.89 percentage points in the same year and a financial cost rate.
R & D inputs to increase inputs in the overall solution of non-sourced devices and advanced optical envelope manufacturing, to maintain the company ' s technological leadership in the area of disaggregation, and to speed up the conversion of new products from powerful clients.
2.1. Photocommunication plate: Telecommunications + Digital Markets are growing robustly, and arithmetic needs are rising. The light module is a optical electronic device for PV and PV conversion in PV communications. Technically, the receiving side is only designed to recognize a telecom, cannot directly identify the light signal received, and needs to be electrocuted by a light module.
At the beginning of the transmission, the light transmitter converts the original telecommunication signal to a light signal, using a laser (ld) or a light diode (led); at the receiving end, the light receiver returns the light signal to a telecommunication signal, which is detected by a light detector, and used by a pre-magnifier.
The light module consists of a light device, a light interface and a functional circuit consisting of a light launcher (tosa, with lasers) and a light receiver (rosa, with light detectors).
Tosa, Rossa are core parts of the light module. According to the Pulse Research Institute, the lightware represents about 73% of the cost of the light module, and in light-receiving components (rosa) and light-launching components (tosa) account for about 80% of their cost, both of which are source-based light units with functional cores.
Tosa is made up of lasers, adapters and tubes, and in the long-range light module it is added to the sequester and the modem, which consists of the Tosa core and the usual laser types vcsel, fp, dfb, eml; Rose is made up of the detector and the adaptor, in which the detector is the Rossa core.
Common types of detectors are mainly pin-tia and pd-tia; the cost of the photochips (including the photo detector chip and the laser chip) is about 50 per cent of the total cost of the lightware and about 85 per cent of the total cost of the Tosa and rose.
Figure 16: Classification of the photochip and its main application landscape The variety of the light modules is rich, and the light module is moving in the direction of high-speed, small-scale, thermally plug-in. Depending on the type of envelope, the light module is divided into gbic, sfp, xfp,
Sfp+, sfp28, sfp56, osfp+, osfp28, osfp56, osfp-dd, osfp, etc. The high-speed light engine is the core device of the high-speed optical module and will be continuously updated with the light module technology. The light engine is the core device used in light communication for light signal conversion, and the light engine performance transmits light communications.
Quality and transmission rates have an important effect. High-speed light engines are assembled on the basis of high-speed firing chips and receiving chip encapsulations and are made up of precision microoptic components, precision mechanical components, separators, optical conductors, etc., which enable the transmission and reception of light signals along one and more routes, and will be continuously updated with the light module.
Figure 17: Light module envelopes are rich, light module industrial chains are in high demand downstream and are expected to benefit first. Light modules start to light in PV systems, electrical conversion functions, light modules have a quantitative correlation with the connecting port.
Devices, photochips, in which the photochip is the basic element for the manufacture of lightware, which consists of ceramic tubes, ceramic plugs, optical interface components, etc.; the photochips and optical components are assembled to obtain lightware depending on whether the photovoltage conversion is involved and can be divided into active and passive devices. The light module is composed of lightware, electrochips, printed electrons, etc.
Roadboards, structures, etc., are enclosed and are responsible for PV conversion functions in optical communications, mainly in digital centres, 5g base stations and feeder networks, fibre-optic access and emerging industries. The 5g network, data centres, are currently in rapid development, demand for light modules is high, and the upstream optical devices, light components, etc., are expected to benefit first.
2.1.1. The silicon light integration technology is expected to become a future developer, with cloud computing, extensive application of artificial intelligence, increased data transmission and data processing requirements, a significant increase in high-speed light module demand, and a driver of the light module ' s product rotation towards 800g, 1.6t.
Rapidly lifts the technological path of the light module towards high-speed, low-cost, low-power, and driving related technological route changes, such as silicon light, cpo, etc. The cpo low-power program is expected to become a future development in the context of high-calculus demand.
Cover (co-packagedoptics), where the switch chip and the light engine (light module) are enclosed together. The traditional asic chip connection to the light engine is pluggable, asic chip is connected to the light module through the serdes (serializer/deserializer) channel.
Photovoltaic conversion and fibre-optic connection. As artificial intelligence applications evolve, arithmetic demands increase, according to the Centre’s internal resource flow progresses at a higher rate. Boone believes that as data rates move towards higher speeds and more sophisticated modems, copperi/o will reach its limit; and as high-speed systems move from 50g to 50g.
In higher-speed and higher-density data transmissions, traditional options can multiply transmission losses and power consumption due to lower integration and longer connections, and cpo shortens the walk-through distance between the switch chip and the light engine.
This allows the telecommunication to transmit faster between the chip and the light module: while the cpo technology leads to a reduction in the length of fibre-optic connectivity with asic, it reduces the power of the switch light electrical i/o. The cpo’s efficiency, low power consumption, is expected to be a more appropriate solution in the context of the next one’s high numeracy.
Silicon light is the best product form of the cpo light engine, and the silicon light integration technology is based on silicon as the main material, using the developed cnos process to achieve a high degree of integration of a wide range of light devices, with unique advantages compared to the traditional integration technology. (1) Potential for large-scale production: traditional integration technology uses rare materials such as phosphate for raw materials and is expensive.
It is difficult to cope with the large volume of demand generated by data centres, the 5g network; and the low price of silicon and mature processes in the semiconductor field can significantly reduce the cost of procurement and increase the possibility of scalable production. (2) Communications safety is expected to be guaranteed: photo-integrated technologies with phosphorus as material are responsible only for data exchange, not for data storage and processing
Work, while silicon light integration technology combines data exchange, storage and processing to effectively guarantee data security. (3) Breaking through hypervelocity bottlenecks: data centre, 5g network development imposes higher requirements for data transfer rates, driving light modules towards high speeds of 400g, 800g, 1.6t, etc., and traditional light module integration technology is difficult to break through tb/s
As technology evolves, silicon light is expected to meet industrial opportunities with the process, scale and cost advantages of the silicon-based industrial chain. Figure 21: The market for silicon light modules is expected to expand.
2.1.2 The outlook for the digital and telecommunications markets is broad, and the demand for the arithmetic-driven light module and lightware is increasing rapidly The data flow is growing rapidly, the 5g network and data centre construction are driving the boom in the light module market. As the 4k/8k super-clear video, cloud games, vr/ar, and the big model of the ai continue to evolve well, the industrial Internet is being added to each other.
The annual global data flow will increase at an average annual compound rate of 35.18 per cent. Global data flows are growing at a high rate, and the original optical communications equipment is difficult to meet the needs of big data processing, storage and transmission, and will drive the technological upgrading of the communications infrastructure to a high capacity and speed, and the building of an artificial intelligence infrastructure will be the main factor in the development of the global light communication industry.
In the context of the digital economy, the new information infrastructure, as an important player in high-quality development, is consistent with the strategic positioning of the country. The new information infrastructure is an important base for building a digital China, with information technology in the economy and society.
The Ministry of Information and Communications, in its 14th Five-Year Information and Communication Industry Development Plan, proposes the full deployment of 5g, gigabytes of fibre-optic networks, mobile Internet, and optimized data centre layout.
Green intelligence, shared data and numeracy facilities, etc. High 5g frequency band, short transmission distance, 5g base station construction density will be greater than 4g base station, bringing more light module demand. To achieve high-speed transmission, 5g uses high frequency band transmission, the higher the frequency band, and the shorter the signal transmission distance.
It was decided that the 5g base station would have a density higher than the 4g base station: with the same area covered, the 5g base station would have a demand higher than the 4g base station. As the 4g base station slowed down, the 2g and 3g base station would continue to leave the historical stage, and the 5g base station would be the mainstream option, with wide market space.
The network infrastructure base was further strengthened with an increase of 1.65 million per year. 5g-carryed network uses a three-tier network structure, demanding a higher rate of light, and the 5g-light-module market is expected to achieve a full price increase. Unlike the 4g-carryed secondary network structure, 5g-carryed network
bbu defines the non-real-time part of the bbu as cu, deals exclusively with non-real-time agreements, the remainder of the bbu as du. Treatment layer protocols and real-time protocols, forming an intermediate between c and du, connecting more ports and requiring more light modules. 5g network has high speed, high capacity, low time delay, high reliability.
Point, 5g forward, middle, and return calls for higher light module speeds; the former light module has been upgraded from 10 g in 4g and below to 25/50g, and the return light module has been upgraded from 10-40g in 4g to 100g/200g/400g, 800g light. According to the UNTAC, the individual 5g base station needs 5-10 light.
The global data centre market has grown steadily, and overseas cloud giants have attached great importance to artificial intelligence inputs. In recent years, as a result of the development of technology such as networking, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., data centres have become corporate storage, processing and pipelines.
Key infrastructure for large amounts of data, coupled with the growing demand for online services and content from users worldwide, including video stream media, social media, electronic commerce, and others, has driven the expansion of the global data centre. According to the China-China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the market size of the global data centre will reach $82.05 billion in 2023, a 24 per cent increase over the same period.
According to dell'oro, capital spending on the global data centre grew by 15% in 2022 and is expected to reach $350 billion by 2026. Capital expenditure on the five cloud giants abroad (Amazon, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Meta) was $45.4 billion, or 4.7%, compared to the same year.
This represents an increase of 15.6% and indicates that investment in the ai area will continue to increase. According to estimates by the counterpoint, Microsoft will invest the largest amount of AI-related infrastructure in 2023, with 13.3% of its capital expenditure going to the ai area: followed by Google, which accounts for about 6.8%.
The data centre cluster has become the mainstream, and the interactivity of data transmission within the data centre cluster has created a large demand for communications and has become a major driving force in the development of the market for light modules. With the networking of goods, cloud computing, the widespread application of large models, the new generation of information technology has been closely integrated with the vertical industries in various fields, the number of equipment end-to-end connections has surged, and the application landscape has become more complex.
For example, with higher demands on data computing and storage capacity, traditional decentralized data centres are unable to cope with the growing volume of data, and data centres are clustered into mainstream options. According to the UNTAC application, individual data centres of super-large sizes contain between 50,000 and 100,000 servers, with greater demand for light modules.
This has resulted in a significant increase in data exchange and data-processing work within the data centre, with a 77 per cent traffic ratio for data transfer within the data centre, and a spinal network structure that replaces the traditional three-tier network architecture into the mainstream of the digital centre cluster. The network architecture is a good solution to the surge in data flows.
The number of internal equipment deployed, the number of connecting ports, the density of connections, the speed of connectivity, and the demand for high-speed data centres for light modules have increased significantly, contributing to the development of the hypervelocity of light module products.
The number of light devices corresponds to the number of light units, and the continued growth of the market for light modules will lead to the simultaneous development of the market for light devices and light assemblies. At this stage, the country is the world’s largest producer of light components, which are highly competitive and are the key components in the manufacture of light devices. As a core component of light, the number of light units and light modules is present.
Correspondingly, the cost in the light module is 73%, and the rapid development of the light module market will lead to a continuous increase in the market demand for upstream light products and light components. Lightware is a knowledge-intensive, technology-intensive, capital-intensive industry, and product development is difficult and Maori rates are high, so light-module manufacturers are constantly leading upstream lightware collars.
Field extension, designed to build core competitiveness and cost advantages. 2.2. Laser radar plates: downstream application markets are vast, market size continues to grow. Laser radar markets continue to grow and market landscapes are high. Laser radar is a pulsed laser.
Targeting and measuring the target distance using sensors to measure the time of the reflective pulse return, further 3d modelling of the object by measuring the distance between the object and the sensor using the properties of the intense optical high frequency (HF), and real-time sensing of the surrounding environment. Laser radars are now widely used for unmanned, advanced auxiliary driving.
The laser radar industry will grow considerably as downstream applications continue to develop. According to Sullivan's projections, the global laser radar market will grow from $2 billion in 2021. Figure 31: The global laser radar market is expected to grow steadily ($ billion)
The upper chain of the laser radar industry consists mainly of laser launchers, laser receivers, scanning systems, information processing related components, including optical and electronic components; the lower part of the industry chain is rich and includes unmanned driving, high-precision maps, robotics, drones and traditional mapping, defence military areas, downstream application requirements
Continued growth is expected to boost the demand for optical devices upstream of the industrial chain.3 A well-developed matrix of corporate optical devices products, leading industry positions 3.1, a rich matrix of corporate products and sustained investment in research and development
Corporate light communication products are rich and actively configured for high-speed light engines. Corporate locator device solutions are presented. Providers, which have developed from a sophisticated device manufacturer to a complex platform-type enterprise with a variety of devices and containment capabilities, have a long-term commitment to the development, production, sale and servicing of medium- and high-speed device products, and to the provision of vertical fixes for downstream customers.
The company focuses on technology research and development. In response to the trend of light modules towards high speed, miniaturization, low power consumption, low cost, products are widely used in digital and telecommunications markets, and products and services are recognized by mainstream clients in the industry for many years.
The data centre construction has led to a sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products, with companies continuing to contract for core products such as high-speed light engines, high-speed light devices, and with mature high-speed light engine development platforms and upfront production experience.
Solution maps Solutions advantages with axle tosa/bosa (odm/oem) customise high precision automatic targeting and encapsulation capability;
High accuracy, high reliability sticker and gold-width bonding capability; High accuracy, high reliability of high-speed coaxy-axis to-can wrapping:
(a) Effective ageing and testing. awg/tff wrapping high accuracy, high reliability sticker and gold-width bond combination capability;
(a) High-speed light engine/boxware encapsulation optical simulation and analysis capability, which can provide a variety of custom-made lingens components;
High-resolution 3d visual image automatic coupling capability: Parallel optical design and manufacturing capability. Microoptic optical simulation/design/assembly, optical plating and processing capability, depending on client
Design for optical plating; Microoptic high-precision iron and technology that can provide stable tff matches:
(a) The capability of optical simulation analysis to customize, design and process components with lenses, as required by the client;
(b) Glass cutting, fa process grinding capacity, customizing various types of products according to client requirements;
(a) Optical simulation capabilities and automated development of energy and automatic fibre-optic alignment systems;
Solution maps Solutions advantages High-precision glass fibre array (fau) design, processing and assembly capability;
psm/dr series lightware cob (45°, 42.5°) fau fibre grinding capacity; passive solution
Fa surface optical plating design and processing capability; high accuracy separators and fau appliance process. Low penetration loss; high luminous ratio; high echo loss;
Pm-fau safeguard non-source-based optical devices with good environmental stability and reliability. Optical design, high accuracy formation and pneumatic cob lens array components:
Design capability customised with plastic lenses and fibre optics 100g/200g/400gsr transceiver shortline components: array solution
Fibre-optic laser cutting technical capability; high-precision cob encapsulation capability; customised solution design for 100g/200g/400gaoc cable connections; aoc series of unsourced light devices
(a) Design and production capacity for various types of ceramic, mt and non-polluted plastic plugs;
For more than a decade, the company has accumulated deep in basic materials, components, optical designs, envelopes, etc., and has successfully built a mature lightware research and development platform. The company has built up product applications from the light communication industry to the laser radar and medical detection industries.
Clients provide accompaniment products consisting of basic optical and integration devices, etc. Table 4: Corporate laser radar and medical test plate products Basic optical equipment
Laser radar, medical testing 3.2. Corporate R & D is strong and industry competitively superior (1) Companies focus on technology R & D and pre-position high-speed light engines
Companies focus on R & D inputs, leading many technologies around the world. The company has always adhered to the concept of “starting with R & D” and, after more than a decade of cultivation, has accumulated many of the world's leading process techniques in the field of precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, etc., and has developed wave-combined coupling techniques, fau.
Fibre array design manufacturing technology, to-can/box chip containment technology, parallel optical design manufacturing technology, optical element plating technology, nanoscale precision molding design manufacturing technology, metal material micromagnetic manufacturing technology, ceramic material-forming sintering technology, plc chip processing testing, and other innovative and innovative platforms.
The company has a professional multinational research and development team, a research and development centre in Suzhou, a research and development branch in Shenzhen, Japan, and a company in fine ceramics, engineering plastics, etc.
Accumulated in basic materials such as optical glass, many of the world's leading processes, proprietary technologies, created wave fractions Recombinant coupling techniques, fa fibre-optic array design manufacturing techniques, to-can/box containment technologies, parallel optical manufacturing technologies, and technology and innovation platforms: one stop for customers on a continuous basis through vertical integration of product lines
Table 5: Corporate R & D inputs (2) Over a decade of industry accumulation and client recognition of service capacity
Clients have a high degree of stickyness and industry has certain entry barriers. Lightware is a common part of the light module. Clients have high reliability and stability requirements for lightware products.
Given the risks associated with sex, and the time and manpower costs involved in the vendor’s qualification, the supplier’s supply is stable, it is not easy to replace the supplier, and the customer is more sticky. Companies insist on close contact with customers, and the ability to service is recognized by the market.
The R & D, production, and marketing components maintain a deep exchange with clients, adapt products in a timely manner to downstream market demand, and adhere to the “sales” model of production. At the same time, accelerate the global distribution network layout and respond quickly to customer demand. After more than a decade of industry accumulation, companies can rely on R & D capabilities, quality labels, and rapid response services.
The outstanding advantages of strength, volume of output, robust operational capability, etc., have been unanimously recognized by clients, both within and outside the country. (3) Management teams are experienced, company core managers are experienced in the industry and teams bring together global talent.
Years of industry experience have provided insight into industry dynamics and market trends, enabling companies to develop long-term development strategies and goals to meet market challenges. Companies have continued to introduce such programmes as equity incentives, promotions, and continuous refinements, operating processes, optimization of corporate systems and business standards, with headquarters as the centre of operations and management of molecular companies.
The export-oriented organizational and management structure successfully builds a professional team of senior research and development and management professionals, both within and outside the country. 4, Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations 4.1, Profit Forecasts and Assumptions
The company, which is an integral solution provider of optical devices and an advanced optical encapsulation service provider, is engaged in research and development, mass production and marketing services for high-speed optical devices, and has now formed 13 product lines, eight major solutions, serving customers both in and out of the country.
The application and development of technologies such as 5g, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc. brings with it large-scale data-processing requirements, with light communication networks as an important foundation and solid base for arithmetic networks, leading to a new round of development.
It is expected that the development of the optical communications market will benefit fully from the development of optical components and optical components for upstream light modules (1) the future growth of lightless devices operations: as global ai and cloud computing progresses at a high rate, large-scale data-processing needs will require the use of a large amount of numeric resources, leading to an increase in demand for light communication networks, with lightless devices as a light module
The growth in product income is expected to remain robust and the Māori rate is expected to remain stable, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from lightless device operations as the production chain matures. (2) Light-source device operations: global artificial intelligence technology brings new technologies and applications, big data processing
Demand drives data centers, 5g networks, light-source devices as one of the core devices of the light module, product intake is expected to increase at a higher rate, and the Māori rate is expected to increase further. We have chosen the best companies in the light module industry in the country as middle-to-class, light-speed technology, and new euphoria as comparable companies.
The average value of comparable company pe in 2024-2026 was 39.3 times, 29.2 times and 22.6 times, respectively, below the average value of comparable companies. With the application and development of technology such as 5g, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc., leading to large-scale data-processing demands, the light communication network served as an important foundation and solid base for the computing network.
With the continued release of demand, the company, as a light device and a light-assembly manufacturer upstream of the light module, is expected to benefit fully from the development of the light communications market and the scope for long-term growth. We expect the company to return to its home country in 2024-2026.
There is some uncertainty about the future evolution of international trade disputes, and there may be changes in the trade policies of the countries concerned, and there may be significant adverse changes in the international trade policies of the countries concerned with the export/import operations of the companies.
Purchases, sales and sales have had a certain impact on the company’s performance. (2) The risk of a decline in the Maori rate due to strong market competition (2) The lightware industry is more competitive and prices for most products continue to decline.
Theater, if future prices of products continue to decline and the unit cost of products is subject to the impact of factors such as the cost of raw materials, technological maturity of products, and space constraints for management efficiency enhancement, companies may face the risk of a decline in the Māori rate, which may have an adverse impact on their business performance.
(iii) Risk of new areas not expanding as expected. Laser radar lightware products, although of a small scale, have a relatively short overall time of production, produce a relatively small number of customers, and multiple clients send samples to verify that there is uncertainty as to whether they will be successful in producing and obtaining more large orders.
Sex. If the demand for products downstream in new areas is insufficient or the competitiveness of a company ' s products is less than expected, it may not have a positive impact on the company ' s long-term performance.