Three-quarterly review 2023: Increased R & D investment, company not research assistant Gauzheng-tae Keyword: #Short assets
Incidents: The company issued its three-quarter report in 2023. The revenue was $5.642 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, resulting from increased labour costs. The book value of corporate money was $2,596 million, a decrease from the beginning of the year, and net cash outflows from repurchases.
▪ Transfer of 100 per cent of Tangshan Crystal Electronics Ltd.: The company transferred 100 per cent of Tangshan Crystal Electronics Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, to open its shares through the Hebei Property Market, in accordance with business development needs, and the transaction price
On 6 September 2023, the company's changing business change register benefited from an increase in demand for national production replacements and the amount of downstream demand: the company is a national integrated integrated circuit company, with special integrated circuits and smart security chips as its two main industries.
High-end industries such as corporate control and informationization are growing rapidly, special integrated circuit demand is strong, domestic markets are still relatively low and domestic production is more demanding, which will provide companies with a significant demand market. Products are widely used in finance, telecommunications simca, social security, urban public transport, m2m, etc.
Medical health, mobile payments, identification, communications base stations, auto electronics, industrial controls, instrumentation, object networking, etc.
Downstream demand will continue to spread, and demand for corporate products will continue to grow, providing the company with vast market space. Business performance will continue to grow.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance meets expectations, taking into account the company's lead role in the country's special integration circuits, as well as the pressure of price reduction in the special integrated circuits, we adjusted our previous predictions, The Purple Lights (002049): 2022
Three major financial forecasting tables for UXIU S.A., Inc., are qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.