In the event of a major reversal of self-employment and a larger wealth pattern, on 28 April 2023, the company released its first quarter report for 2023. 23q1, the company received current revenues of $6.477 billion, i.e. +35.69 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $2,157 million for the mother, i.e., the same amount.
Under the low base of Wang Xing Dynasty, self-employed businesses rebounded significantly to boost performance. 2022q1, Company self-employed business forms.
Now, 23q1, the company’s own business performance rebounded considerably as market conditions improved. 23q1, the company achieved its own operating income of 1,468 million yuan, compared to +2.604 billion.
On February 24, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Corporation agreed to change the name of the retail business management headquarters to “Headquarters of wealth management and brokering”: integration and co-operation, integration of operations to “Institutional Clients”; and change of name of the electronic commerce department.
`Digital Platforms'. The restructured Headquarters for Wealth Management and Brokering has four level-I departments: Ministry of Wealth Management, Ministry of Digital Platforms, Department of Institutional Clients, Department of Operational Management: Department of Equity and Reproduction Investment has been renamed the Department of Equity Investment; and the Department of Countertrade Markets has been renamed the “Share Equity Derivatives”
The public fund is well developed, with wide access to funds, or with a license to promote the expansion of public fund-raising operations.
Profit forecasting: We expect future companies to take advantage of wealth management, asset management and the creation of large wealth poles in the securities industry to recommend attention.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li, Director-General of the Guanghai Rental Operations Department, was employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio and Chinese-Canadian Securities. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019. He was in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. He was a Master of Arts in Economics, University of Shandong; Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France; three years of non-bank finance research experience; and was a former member of the United Nations Board of Auditors, Zhang Kai-jung, Master of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of insurance actuarials, June 2022.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.