Volatile Securities 2022: Reverse growth in investment operations, strong fiscal management structure Events: 31 March, Open Securities Disclosures 2022, Gross Business Income Reverse Growth and Competitiveness Recovering.
Building on the platform ' s strengths, strengthening managerial empowerment, strengthening the quality control of investment operations, focusing on semi-conductor, medical health and new energy vehicles, and the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong, strengthening professionalization and regionalization, and achieving high performance and net revenue in investment banking with a wide range of securities
610 million yuan, a 41 per cent increase over the same period, is the only business block in all operations that has achieved positive growth. 17 equity funders and equity funders have been charged with fines in 2022, but the impact has gradually dissipated, and the company's investment business is moving out of the low and recovering.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The size of the public funds managed by the gold totals $1,249.737 billion, up from the end of 2021.
Union of Nations Securities: Premium Transfer to High pb credit, 22.65% equity in the Fund, is one of its three largest co-sharers, Féfonda Fund Manager, with obvious future advantage synergies.
This led to a two-way drop in revenue and net profits, but still maintained a leading and competitive edge in the industry. In 2022, under market influence, the end-of-cycle nettage of the BMS was $27,183 million, and the roll-out of securities was evaluated in 2022: negative growth in the investment bank and strong fiscal management.
Increased profitability of financial management operations and a decline in brokering and blending operations affected by the market. Annual data reported that, in 2022, securities wealth management operations were widely distributed according to the classification of corporate operations, billion yuan, a 19.9 per cent decline in the same year, although faced with double pressures of market volatility and increased competition in the industry.
However, wide-distribution securities have been successful in increasing the profitability of wealth management operations by, inter alia, optimizing internal management and optimizing the quality of services provided, reaching a level of 60.31 per cent, an increase of 11.21 per cent over 2021, of which the wide-distributed securities were traded under a share market in 2022.
The average daily stock market turnover a year was $1,013.2 billion, a decrease of 10.65 per cent in the same year, which made wide distribution of securities a major challenge in brokering. In addition, in 2022, a stock market saw the same impact on the blending of widely distributed securities, with a closing balance of $83.02 billion, compared with $8.325 billion.
By the end of 2021, there was a decline of 11.68%. Nevertheless, the spread of securities in mixed markets has kept up with new opportunities for development in the wake of the epidemic, and it is hoped that both the scale of operations and the returns will grow. In 2023, the global epidemic has been brought under control, economic activity has gradually returned to normal, and capital markets have emerged.
In such an environment, corporate wealth management and securities brokering will open up new opportunities for development. Companies will take advantage of their platforms to expand the supply of diversified financial products to meet the different investment needs and risk preferences of their clients.
The demand for financial assets will increase even further, taking into account the deepening reform and opening of the market, the development of policies such as net worth of property and pension entry. Companies and their foundations are expected to take full advantage of their expertise in such areas as public funds, private funds, asset management, etc.
Power and brand influence, high-quality asset allocation programmes and investment management services for clients, wide distribution of securities 2022 rating: negative growth of investment operations, strong fiscal management resilience
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.