The launch of the 2023 marketing work plan and the award of options for the registration announcement. Sunss@cfsc.com.cn 100 billion mark, completing the options for registration
According to the 2023 marketing work plan announcement, the company plans to open up in 2023 as a big v9 Quasi spice and achieve strategic leadership; (ii) upgrade of the brand name, strategic positioning, enhancement of brand value and creation of a single national product; (iii) break through the world.
In the middle and upper end of the spectrum, creating a distinctive atmosphere around different consumption scenes, combining the production of dominant products, building a national marketing model, and upgrading the management system of marketing organizations, accelerating team transformation and stimulating team dynamism.
The company has completed the granting of options for registration on 25 October, with 7.68 million registrations and 334 registrations.
Three key points for the future of the company: first, v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and bid m6+carb 600-7000; second, South Sudan rule 14-5 is projected to be close to 4 billion, with a greater potential for future growth; and third, 1455 is planned outside the province.
More than 20%, and extra-provincial expansion is a mandatory choice for companies to open up the ceiling. Incentives, new sails start 2022-10 - macroeconomic downside risks, epidemic consumption drags consumption, growth is not as high as expected,v
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sun Shan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.