Food and drink, white wine and wine in the world: a year-long positive outlook for the acceleration of the rings.
Revenue analysis: The q3 velocity ring ratio is clear for the celebration of the consumer scene. The company ' s total equity/flow (million shares) in January-September is based on a low base of companies affected by the Nanking epidemic last year (mainly affected Nanjing, Salt City).
On the other hand, the q3 ring has improved the frequency of the epidemic in the province of q2 this year.
Promotion continues, corporate change is positive -- growth. 2) At marketing end, in June, the company called for a 100-day conference, which called for the battle v to be fought against the war, the war on the beginning of the country, the war on the day, the war on the ground, the war on the ground, the war on the ground, the war on the ground, the war on the ground, the war on the ground, and the revival of the high ravine.
This is the first time I've ever had a chance to get a better chance of getting a better start.
"Focus on the four kingdoms, on the top line of the "Nationality Reference" campaign, and so on, and so forth, will contribute to a steady increase in the number of products."
Recent follow-up: v3 batch prices are warming, and the company continues to strengthen c-end breeding. According to the feedback, the run-off rate for the two-day run-off seasons of Mid-Autumn and National Days is steadily increasing, and growth is stable at around the dollar/bottle. The overall channel stock is stable for about two to three months. V3 is controlled.
After that, the transaction price has now risen to around $600; this year, the company has made adjustments to strengthen v3 consumer culture at the end of c, and v3 is offering a gift for a wedding dinner in Nanjing. As the process progresses, v3 is concerned about the continued optimization of the company’s follow-up product structure.
The year is the year when the company's 14th strategic plan is advanced. It's also the date of the day when it achieved more than 10 billion goals: an improvement in the speed circle and a positive year ahead of the year.
Practice qualification code: "Good" is a fast prerequisite for developing a 13445 strategy. The new management has been reformed since taking office, with the establishment of the High Gorge Liquor Marketing Company in April 2222, and the implementation of the sub-branding department for the company in June.
The Ministry of Marketing has been renamed the Ministry of Brand Management, the Ministry of Marketing has been renamed the Department of Marketing Management, the Ministry of State v9 has been renamed the Ministry of State v, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has been renamed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has been created.
Department, Office of Effectiveness. Equity incentives landed in August 2022 and completed 22% on October 10, with non-net profits increasing by no less than 15% on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that the structure of the company’s products continues to be upgraded, is steadily released, and the year-round incentive targets are ready.
Medium- and long-term outlook: organizational restructuring, equity incentives to protect the company from long-term growth. Corporate strategy is clear over the next few years, focusing on k, v, development, and increasing out-of-country occupation: structure, establishment of the Ministry of the Future, the Ministry of the Nation, v, Ministry of the Interior, and high-grow sales.
The marketing company's “Three One Divisions” structure; the product end will continue to focus around the country, resulting in large national monoliths; v3 has landed in the province and is expected to become a new strategic monolith as consumers continue to grow. The off-provincial market has been adjusted to 3+4, focusing on long triangles (Shanghai, Zhejiang, An).
Three provincial strategic markets. In addition, a 24-year income profit scheme, which is expected to stimulate corporate motivation and reflect firm profit projections for the future, is on the ground: in the short term, the company is open to four and is expected to benefit from rising consumption in the province.
In the long run, the structure of the company’s products has been improving, the nationalization has continued, the marketing system has continued, equity incentives have gradually fallen, and the company’s dynamism is expected to be released further. We anticipate the current valuation of the white wine industry, taking into account the regional elite, and we give it according to our performance in 2023.
Big fluctuations, big drops in the consumption of white wine, and so on.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.