Keyword: #Changes in product structure have led to higher profit margins Events: December 29, 2023 Today's World Summit on Development.
2022, with sustained high-end product additions. Since this year, companies have increased the spread of their national product series, and this year, in the context of a weaker economy, the company’s national product series has continued to grow in double-digit numbers, with the first three quarters of the year, when the ta+/tea group, respectively, collected 43.17 billion yuan.
The product structure continues to improve. In addition, during the last three quarters, the Sino-China/Xiaohai/Xiaoyan/Nanjing market performed bright and basic. Next year, with the economic recovery, Jiangsu market sub-high prices are expected to continue to expand, companies will continue to develop a series of national marketing, which is expected to keep pace with the rising trends in business consumption and feast consumption.
The company insists on a five-way path: 1) Upgrade high-end brand matrix: a high-end image of the nation, upgrading two main platforms of experience; and the present world's perfect.
Combining product lines and planning for a billion-dollar core; high-trenched high-light cylinders to enrich consumption experiences. 2) Building a nationalization breakthrough path: a single super-image based on national origin, with an active layout of 800+ price-bit new strategic items, v comprising integrated high-end layouts of long-triangular urban communities; and the establishment of a saddle mountain/date house
10 district markets, including Khinjiang/Chaojiang/Huzhou/Kingzhou/Kai Jing/Ga Ding, for the year 2023, are concentrated and saturated; focus on consumer development, 1,000 branding stores, 10,000 core terminals. 3) Deepening the integration industry model: pass-through.
The overall marketing model has been upgraded to one of 1+1+n firms fighting side by side, and the system of services has been improved to stimulate dynamism. 4) Professional marketing organizations have strengthened brand management systems, strategic leadership, decentralization, division of goods, and improved incentive mechanisms. 5) Increased digital intellectual depth.
"The End of the World" (603369): 2022, three seasons, clear path, positive internal morale.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain a net return profit of 24.65 in 2022-2024, Condom (603369): January-September Main Economic Incentives Motivated Inner Dynamics
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board