Food, drink, wine, and the world: the quality of the statements is excellent, performance is high, the 3rd Quarterly of 2022 was published, and the company received and returned to its mother in the 3rd quarter of 22nd year.
In the last three quarters of the year, the present year's horizon (603369) was "The End of the World: The Speed of Growth."
Conscientious edges of the world (603369).
The company's marketing system, the 100 Days of War, calls for the battle v to be fought and the nation to open - 2022/03/09.
It's an uplifting war, an activation war for the present, a breakout war for the outside world, a revival war for the High Trench, and an 80 per cent improvement in the completion of the annual test in the first three quarters.
As a result, a steady growth of products has been promoted by, inter alia, on-line “Nationality referral” activities. 2) Sub-markets: 22q3, 1749, 118 million yuan in Jiangsu province and out of province, equal to 27.17 per cent), +14.19 per cent, of which 4.70, 70, and 4.70 are located in the provincial market and in the Nanjing region.
The rate of increase has been restored; the Sunan, Su-China, Salt City and Huaihai regions have achieved their revenues of 2.11,2.27, Constellation of the world: excellent quality of statements, performance evaluation targets, etc. Sub-channels: 22q3, with 1,014 distributors, representing a net decrease of 37 from the beginning of the year
There is a net decrease of 20 and 17 in the central and out-of-town provinces. Wholesale agency channels generated $1.824 billion, profit analysis: Māori q3 improved and the cost increased slightly during the period.
Nationalization, promotion of advertising, marketing costs, and the increase in the rate of the prizes are associated with the increase in the cost of the prizes; management rate of 4.12 per cent, corresponding to the ratio of 0.05 pct, R & D cost of 0.22 per cent, year after year as the company's 14th Five-Year Strategic Plan advanced and achieved more than 10 billion revenues.
At the 22nd Development Congress, the company proposed “good and fast” and “good” was a fast-track prerequisite for the development of a 13445 strategy. The new management has been very active since taking office, with the establishment of the High Goose Liquor Marketing Company in April 22nd, and the implementation of a sub-branding enterprise for the company in June.
Institutional functions have been further optimized and adapted, with the Ministry of Markets renamed the Department of Brand Management, the Ministry of Marketing renamed the Department of Marketing Management, the Ministry of State v9 changed its name to the Ministry of State v and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs renamed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of State Enterprise, the Ministry for the Future and the Office of Effectiveness.
In addition, when v3 was controlled, the price of the batch became stable, and the company strengthened the consumer culture at the end of v3 such as the sale of a gift for a wedding in Nanjing on two festivals, and stock options were awarded on the following date, with the performance target of 2022 being evaluated for equal growth in revenue.
Long- and medium-term outlook: 23-year collection target of $10 billion, equity incentives to protect the escort, and long-term growth of the company. The company released its 23-year marketing work plan in October.
Classes: 2) upgrading the strategic positioning of national brands to create national identity monoliths; 3) breaking the boundaries of the world: 4) building a national marketing model: 5) upgrading the management of marketing organizations. 23 years of total operating income is set at $10 billion. We think the corporate strategy is clear for the next few years.
In other words, the focus is on k, v development, and the increase in out-of-town occupation: the structure of the organization establishes the “Three One Divisions” of the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of State Enterprise, v the Ministry of Industry and the High Gorge Marketing Company.
Structures; product ends will continue to focus around creating large national monoliths; v3 is already in the province, and as consumers continue to grow, it is expected that the future will become a new strategic monolith. The out-of-country market will be adjusted to 3+4, focusing on the three provincial strategic cities of the Long Triangle (Shanghai, Zhejiang, Anhui).
In the short term, companies are expected to benefit from rising consumption in the province. In the long run, the company’s product structure continues to improve, nationalization is advancing, and marketing mechanisms are being protected.
The barrier continues, equity incentives are gradually falling, and the company’s dynamism is expected to be released further. We anticipate profitability projections and financial indicators: The world: the quality of the statements, performance targets, etc.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report