January-September Key Business Data Points Assessment: Performance meets expectations, Equity Incentives Motivate Inside Events: Corporate Bulletin, January-September 2022, with expected gross operating income
About $6,518 million, or 22.18 per cent more than the previous year; the expected net return profit of 2,081 million was in line with market expectations and sales were on track in the third quarter. 22q3 is expected to achieve gross operating income + 27.22 per cent, in line with market expectations.
The impact of the epidemic has been modest, with the company making 80 per cent of its repayments by the end of the third quarter, stable and circulation prices around $425-430, and consistent and determined regulation of inventory, corporate policy, protagonists, and backtracking in response to the disruptions in the prices of products v in the first half of the year.
Policies, progressive stabilization based on a controlled counter-price, with a gradual return to normal prices of v3. In order to maintain the competitiveness of the product, the company, in addition to being high-end and increasing brand visibility, has increased the number of sweeps to win the red bag, the Four Kingdom Reference Officers, the Swords Project, and the heights.
Various marketing activities, such as recognition, while ongoing build-up and acquisition operations, have continued to open up 4s shops, super-businesses, and customers. Full promotion of channel motivation, merit and end-acceptance has been achieved. Divisional equity incentives have also been awarded on October 10th, with the Director-General taking care of the Director-General.
Under-Secretary-General Hu and his other core technical or managerial cadres, with a total of 334 people receiving 7.68 million options, the overall coverage fully demonstrates the firm’s confidence that it will continue to grow at a high rate. As the product structure continues to upgrade, the provincial market continues to grow well, and the out-of-town market expands.
Worms of the World (603369): 2022 Mid-Year Review: slightly overperformance, q2 Mäori rate, net interest rate kept up
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: There is sufficient internal development in the company and, under the leadership of the new management, the three major financial forecasting tables for the world today.