On December 29, 2022, Consejo held the 2023 Development Congress in Huai An.
Recalling that in 2022, the company performed well: 1) to win the "100 Days of Congress", to ring the "New Spring Conference", and to continue to operate in a qualitative manner through the "dividends uplifting and subdistrict farming". 2) to step up the reform effort,
Integrated market expansion and a major change in the organization of the "Four One Divisions" have led to the establishment of the Ministry of Industry and Industry. 3) The technological expansion is expected to increase to 73,000 tons in 2026, with a pottery storage capacity of 310,000 tons.
In 2023, the company deepened five initiatives: 1) Upgraded the high-end brand matrix, upgraded to a new generation of high-end white wine in China, returned to everyday consumption, high ravines in the world.
Power high light cylinders; 2) construction of a national breakthrough model, with a four-part super-image menu with a positive layout of $800 plus a price belt strategy, v comprising a long-triangular urban cluster with a physical high-end layout; and the establishment of 10 market segments outside the province, each for 3-5 years.
(c) Optimizing the integrated model of manufacturers, upgrading their organizational capacities and improving the hierarchy of services;
5) Increase the depth of intellectual capacity and speed up data sharing and the use of innovative flows. The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags consumption, growth is not as high as expected, v the series of growth is not as high as expected, and expansion is not as high as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.