Granting of options, new beginnings of sailing - Report of the Event Review of Constellation (603369.sh).
Seven executives of the sums@cfsc.com.cn participated in a relatively wide range of awards of 334 and 7.68 million.
Two hundred and twenty-one thousand, six executives, Lu, Fang, Hu and others, were awarded 168,000, while the remaining 327 were awarded a total of 64,622,000. This was a relatively broad award, and the firm ' s top cadres pushed the company forward.
The ratio is 4:3:3:3. Over the next three years, the directions will be guided by both the objectives and the challenges and opportunities.
(603369) Event Review Report: The Momentum of Era, New Challenges in a New Chapter 3 and the Report of the Chinese Securities Corporation*.
(603369) Event evaluation report: Performance indicator: macroeconomic downside risk, epidemic-delayed consumption, growth below expectationsv, overall trend positive* 2020430*
The growth of the series was not as high as expected and the expansion of the countryside was not as high as expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.