The ring has improved considerably, and the growth is strong.
Events: The company issued a major business data bulletin for the first three quarters of 2022, and the first three quarters are expected to achieve total operating income of approximately $652 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return to the mother of around $2.08 billion, an increase of 22.5 per cent over the same period; of this, single q3 generated revenues of about $1.87 billion, an increase of 26.1 per cent over the same period; net repatriation was achieved
With a profit of about $460 million, a 27.2 per cent increase over the same year, single-q3 performances are in line with market expectations. The ring ratio has improved significantly and the structure has been optimized.
Quarterly round ratios have improved significantly. 2. In regional development, the Su Central Region is relatively late in importing, relatively small in size, and is now fast and long-term, with strong growth dynamics; the provincial layout has been adjusted to “3+4,” with a greater focus on long triangle areas such as Zhejiang, Shanghai and Anhui, with more efficient resource delivery.
In the structure of the product, State v3 is standing at 600, with a terminal value of 600-650, with a significant increase in profit over competition, a strong push and a sustained acceleration in the pace of release; the opening of State is further strengthened as a base for collection, with brand power, channel power in Jiangsu province in the 300-500-priced segment of the country.
To highlight competitive advantages, and the company's recent introduction of the “Standknife Project”, which focuses more on the country's four-way end-farming, solid pricing, etc., the growth space continues to widen, and the product structure continues to be optimized.
+New Media” communication matrix, with increased resource input from core products and weak markets, while increasing consumer interaction and branding and increasing branding influence.
The test incentives are more nuanced and brand operations are more focused; highlighting v is the strategic status of the upgrading and nationalization landscape, the continued optimization of the product structure, and the growing market space will help to increase the price of power over time.
The company’s state v series, state-of-the-state opening, and precision card-level sub-headings, in keeping with the rising trend of business consumption and feast consumption, will actively develop core monoliths, such as v3, state-of-the-art/synchronous, and will benefit from sub-programming dividends within the province. Power prices are higher, reflecting firm corporate confidence in future development, and management and shareholder interests are high -
Incentives have been put in place, and long-term incentives for development have been strong. Equity incentives have landed, looking at companies’ ability to grow over the long term, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Incentives are sufficient (2022-09-01) 3. Consorts of the world (603369). Success in achieving the year-round goal will not be obtained, either directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.