The path of medical outsourcing from beta to alpha.
The present report attempts to address: from what angle is the future market space for Pharmacén Condé? Space assessment of the project-based industry such as the outsourcing of medicines, especially for leading companies, has been a focus and challenge for investors. The present report is innovative in terms of assessing investors in the hope that they will be justified.
The market space for de-pharmaceutical research and development (R & D) and for the leading company, Pharmacy Condé: 1) The development space for the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry should focus not only on R & D inputs, but also on investment and industry penetration rates, especially in the context of the gradual structural changes taking place in the current R & D inputs.
2) We are innovative in comparing pharmaceutical R & D with advertising companies, and we believe that there are prospects for further industrial concentration, business models (consolidation of consulting firms), new long-tailed customer outreach, all of which could further improve the competitiveness of leading companies and the ceiling.
3) Looking back at the 20-year history of the development of Pharmacén Condé, explores the management base of the company in the above-mentioned path expansion 4) details the core business of the current company and first presents: the discovery of the business as an entry point, ddsu, cdmo providing incremental amounts, and clinical operations opening up long-term ceiling judgements.
Industry logic: Continued demand + penetration rate increases, demand for good track (beta) base 1 continues, and investment in new drug research and development is expected to accelerate. At the demand level, outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development is a growing, rather than a cyclical, industry with a climate that is directly related to the global landscape of pharmaceutical research and development inputs, based on the whole picture.
The ball has an existing R & D pipeline and success rate, and we predict that over the next three years, the global R & D investment is expected to cover an annual compound growth rate of more than 5 per cent, exceeding $186 billion. 2) Two other dimensions of the climate: investment financing and penetration.
At the same time, we find a trend in which the growth structure of R & D inputs has changed and small pharmaceutical companies have become an important driving force, assuming that penetration rates continue to rise at 2% per year and continue to contribute more to the coro every year.
3) Innovative thinking angles: for advertising companies, see the path of the pharmaceutical coro industry. We believe that the coro and advertising companies have a high analogy: (a) they are all highly pe/vc; (b) they provide personalized services to their clients, which are project-based companies with little impact on scale; and (c) downstream.
The client structure is relatively fragmented. On this basis, we speculated on the future course of development of the cro sector: (a) the concentration of the cro sector has continued to increase: (b) the company is more closely associated with the consulting firm (e.g., iovia).
Digital commercialization; (c) Longtail customer resources may reshape competition patterns in the cro sector. • Corporate logic: excellent management base, building a path-exploitation base (α) since the year-long expansion of high-quality chemical talent in China, mainly for early detection.
The cro industry provides the talent base. (2) Our analysis of the development history of Pharmacine Condé over the past 20 years shows the company's current management capacity in terms of both its employees and its clients. For example: (a) high customer retention rates and a steady decline in the concentration of Top10; and (b) mature training
Training system to ensure that personnel maintain a complex growth rate of about 20 per cent; (c) core management team stability to ensure a management base for the overall new business expansion; (d) excellent integration capacity, reflecting the ability of companies to expand their new business (as evidenced by goodwill).
The presentation of the exhibition, long-tail strategy, is also in line with our expectations for the development of the excellent coro. Corporate operations are split: drugs are discovered as entry points and cash flows are provided; ddsu and cdmo are provided with incremental amounts; bed operations open to ceilings.
1) China District Laboratory Services: Stabilization of Cash Flow Guarantee, Flexibility Point at ddsu.a) Chemical Discovery Operations: The double penetration + city occupancy rate is a central driver of the continued rapid growth of company chemical discovery operations: For domestic clients, the ddsu sector provides greater elasticity for company chemical discovery operations.
In a step-by-step realization of the share of ddsu block sales, we believe that it might boost the company's chemical discovery and speed up the entry. (b) Analysis of testing operations: partially offshored, raising domestic production capacity to expand rapidly, there is 2) Clinical research operations: breaking through the core of the ceiling. (a) Clinical services: moving from the US-China double-report business.
In 2017-2019, the company acquired the United States clinical coro researchpointglobal (rpg) and the United States data statistical analysis cro pharmapace. We believe that, as the internationalization of the company continues, we can see the growing condolence of its wings.
We believe that the smo feature of territorialization is more obvious. Unlike large clinical conditions, we estimate that the company and the smo of Teg medicines may already be the first two countries in the country.
Smo Enterprises, from the development stage, we believe that the business is gradually expanding from the productive to the performance stage, 3) US district laboratory services: perhaps the next drug-edicting organism. We believe that the cytogenetic treatment business is still in the early stages of industrial development, and that the development phase is likely to be close to the next three drug-edicting organisms around 2010.
In the long run, we believe that cytogenetic treatment is more inclined to inshore outsourcing (cold chain, genetic control) and to Chinese market demand, as the related industries in the lower US and China mature and the capacity of companies expand.
The business is expected to develop rapidly. 4) cdmo operations: the core point of view is synergizing with pre-clinical effects. We believe that the company ' s cdmo operations capture and sustainability depend more on the number of post-clinical/commercial projects that it has inherited. 2019-2021
Simultaneous effects continue to grow, the entire pharmaceutical industry is able to continuously expand the early clinical pool, and we expect a higher rate of growth in the cdmo operation to be more sustainable and certain. Undefined macro-environment changes risk a decline in global exposure to innovative drug research and development: internationalization expands.
The risk of a decline in related operations or poor growth; the risk of a build-up of new operations due to a lack of inter-ministerial synergies; and the risk of currency exchange. First, from which point of view is the future market space for Physician Convergence?
As a leading provider of outsourcing services in the early stages of global drug research and development, the issue of assessing the market space for drug Mind Condt has been a focus of attention and difficulty for capital markets. This report is innovative in assessing the scope for understanding medicines for investors.
1. The development space for the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry should focus not only on R & D inputs, but also on investment financing and industry penetration, in the context of the gradual structural changes in the current R & D input mix;2 and our innovative comparison of pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing and advertising companies, which we believe is expected to increase industrial concentration.
Enhancements, business models (consolidation of consulting firms), new long-tail client outreach are all likely to further boost the competition of leading companies, reviewing the 20-year history of the development of Pharmacine Condé and exploring the management base of companies in terms of the above-mentioned path expansion.4 Detailed splitting of the current corporate core business and first presentation of the business identified as portals, ddsu, cdmo
(i) In terms of demand, we anticipate that in the next three years, 5 per cent of the world ' s new drug research and development inputs will be made available.
On the demand side, outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development is a growing industry rather than a cyclical one. The industry of pharmaceutical outsourcing (cro/cdmo) as part of the global pharmaceutical research and development industry’s chain is positively related to global investment in pharmaceutical research and development. According to cagr 5.2%; over the same period, global spending on new drug research and development rose from $128 billion.
To $161 billion, or 2.3 per cent, we believe that this sustained increase in R & D investment has also laid the foundation for a sustained growth in the size of the pharmaceutical R & D services industry.
Analysis of the number of drugs leading to projections of the number of global new drug research and development pipelines over the next few years, and in conclusion, we expect that at the end of the demand, the climate of cro/cdmo will be guaranteed, as follows:
According to pharmaprojects, in 2018 there were 8040 pre-clinical, 2217 in i, 2360 in iii and 1006 in iii. Furthermore, based on historical data from ifpma and pharmaprocts, we assumed that: success rate: 30% preclinical to i; 63% in i to ii; and 31% in ii;
The number of new preclinic tubes added each year increased by 7% over the same period. Historical data confirm that there is a clear positive correlation between the volatility of the landscape of medical research and development outsourcing and global research and development inputs.
Between 2008 and 2017, we compared the same rate of increase in the income of many cro (including Laborcorp, Charlesriver, Parexel and icon) and global medicine r&d, and we found that the same rate of increase in the income of cro remained the same as that of global medicine r&d.
Figure 4: Cro ' s total revenue growth rate and global innovation drug r&d growth rate (ii) two other dimensions of the climate impact: investment finance and penetration rates Upstream drivers of R & D inputs - investment financing, and also associated with the landscape of the pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing industry.
In one dimension, the rate of increase in income compared to the rate of growth of the coro and the increase in total US funding for life sciences and the increase in the United States gdp (about 50% of global research and development of innovative medicines in the United States). We find that the rate of increase in coro's income and the rate of increase in US funding for life sciences and the increase in US gdp have also fluctuated. In our opinion, this is due to the national economy — p/vc financing.
Yearly reports, in times of economic recession, pharmaceutical companies find it difficult to finance, thereby delaying the development and outsourcing of new medicines. The shrinking size of the outsourcing market for R & D further increases competition in the outsourcing market for pharmaceutical research and development, and the pressure on the prices of cro companies and the difficulty of collecting receivables.
Figure 5: Distribution of Global Innovative Medicines Research and Development Corporations
\triangleright analysis of the drivers of industrial income growth, the growth in R & D inputs and the industry penetration ratio of 2 variables constitute industry growth
Because the funding for new drug research and development comes mainly from two parts: the retained earnings from the continued operation of Bigpharma and the financing of the biotech company. Thus, the income growth in the pharmaceuticalcro industry can be understood as the weighted average of the growth in the R & D investment for the Bigpharma savings and the financing of the biotech industry, plus the penetration rate of the pharmaceutical cro industry.
Additional accelerations resulting from this increase, namely: assuming a growth rate of g (cro) in the pharmaceutical industry, a total increase in R & D inputs, g (r&d), a growth rate of bigpharma R & D investments, g (pharma) and an increase in R & D inputs from financing of biotech, an initial penetration rate of g (hiotech), p, and an increase in annual penetration rate of p':
Back in history, between 2008 and 2017, the new drug research and development investment was bagr 2.3% (of which the life sciences investment was increasing by 6.65%). Between ...and ... with data from evaluatepharma, we estimate that the average penetration rate of medicine cla is about 35% and the penetration rate is about 2% per year, so \frac{p'}pprox5., i.e., the cla penetration rate increases by about 5.0% per year.
The growth structure of R & D inputs has changed, and small pharmaceutical companies have become an important driver and the impact of financing has increased. Given the annual decline in the return on R & D inputs from big money, Deloitte reported only the return on R & D in 2018.
1.9%, while small biopharmaceuticals still enjoy higher R & D returns. As a result, small biopharmaceuticals will be the core driving force behind the increase in global pharmaceutical research and development investment. This means that the incremental impact of the increase in financing on the tro industry will tend to increase. On the other hand, according to data from the valuepharma industry, the penetration rate of the tro industry reached 45% in 2018.
The penetration rate continues to rise at a rate of 2 per cent per year and still contributes more than 4 per cent per year to the income growth rate of the coro.
We believe that the coro and advertising companies have a high degree of analogy: drivers: advertising companies have more customers than Internet and start-up companies, and p/vc's activity determines advertising customers \triangleright
The market for advertising is therefore similar to the market for coro, and the overall growth rate for gdp has fluctuated. Business models: cro/advertising companies are tailored to the personalization of customers, the need for innovation (innovative drug development/advertisement)
\triangleright), customizing individualized services and charging fees according to the ease of the project, the time and manpower required. As project-based companies, cro/advertising companies have no significant scale effect, limiting the expansion of corporate income.
The core element is the expansion of the number of people and the difficulty of managing them. Their output per capita is relatively stable. Client structure: the profile of advertisers is generally fragmented from downstream client structures.
We think innovation is sexual, and as molecular biology progresses, the discovery of new targets and new mechanisms needs to be understood more deeply in the area of disaggregation. So the more focused biotech is increasingly involved in the development of innovative medicines, and the early development of innovative drugs is becoming more fragmented.
Figure 10: Financial transfer chain of advertising companies/cro companies, which leads us to make reasonable assumptions about the future development path of the global industry, especially for leading companies: the concentration of the industry continues to increase. Globally, in the context of the fragmentation of downstream customers, large-scale cro
The company has a higher branding effect and a lower acquisition cost, which has led to the concentration of long-tail customers in large cro clusters, leading to a sustained increase in industry concentration. The global concentration in advertising has been relatively high, and we estimate that in 2016, 6 big 4a advertising companies were around 40%, while the previous 6 big cro companies were slightly above 30% in the same period.
The advantage of consulting firms is that they develop strategies, market analyses, and consumer surveys that can be achieved through mergers and acquisitions with consulting firms.
In May 2017, the digital advertising agency under the banner wpp acquired the consulting firm marketplaceignition. Similarly, in 2016, the co-lead Quintai merger bought imms, hoping to speed up patients through a global database of ims.
Clinical trials are grouped, and marketing strategies can be developed for pharmaceutical companies once they are on the market. We believe that the digitization of the co-services is likely to be a major trend, with more patient/doctor data and better coordination with consulting services being more likely to take the lead.
In addition, as noted in The Innovator's Constituency, the subversion of the industry pattern is usually caused by “destructive technology” (interpretation: courtesy to continuously optimize the purity of insulin).
Egfr's research and development from generation to generation can be understood as “continuity technology”; gene therapy zolgensma can be understood as “destructive technology.” In the chain of innovation medicine, large pharmaceutical firms focus more on relatively mature areas than some new targets/mechanisms, with a view to achieving a more stable rate of return.
It's easy to be in biotech and college. As a service provider for innovation medicine development, cro's ability to bring together a larger number of long-tailed clients, through a one-stop shop, will be more likely to be in the midst of the transformations brought about by “destructive technology”, accompanied by three, a drug, a drug, a good management base, and a path expansion base.
China’s engineer dividend, the talent base, is the basis for the drug’s own exit from alpha. As an integrated platform for industry-wide coverage, companies have more industry attributes. So, as we mentioned earlier, in an industry with a global compound growth rate of about 8% a year, how does a company continue to outpace industry growth, growing from a small laboratory to global influence?
We believe that the success of a company is based on its own struggle, and that the process of history has been marked by the outbreak of growing high-quality chemical talent in the region since the high school expansion in 1998, leading to an early detection phase of the cro industry in China.
As a human-intensive service industry, we look at the company’s management capacity in terms of staff and clients over the past 20 years. It is more likely that the company’s own struggles will reflect it than the talent base.
Qualitative: near-simultaneous drug Ming Condex (2000), Condolence (2003), Wise Chemistry (2003), current global competitiveness, improvement of the industrial chain, exploration of business models, size of income, profitability in the context of the same trends in industrial transfer.
Looking back on the company ' s development history over the past 20 years (mainly during the US stock market period), we found that the retention rate remained at 100%, with the average income of the top 10 clients rising from year to year, while the concentration of the top 10 clients declined from year to year. This means that for large clients, companies receive continuous positive feedback through efficient and high-quality services.
More orders create a continuous snowball effect, while companies are able to introduce more new customers/new projects and diversify their concentration to top the risk. This is an indication of the company’s good internal performance and excellent external business outreach.
From 2004 to 2018, after a period of initial rapid growth, the growth of the staff of the Department was relatively robust, and per capita income showed a relatively steady upward trend. In 2016 to 2018, for example, the number of public employees exceeded 10,000, maintaining a 20% growth rate, while the per capita income remained stable.
On the other hand, the number of Ph.D. employees in companies that address individualized needs for their clients is of great importance to the client’s pain and the project’s problems. When it comes to statistics, the number of projects that PhDs can solve should be the number of problems.
From 2008 to 2018, the number of Ph.D.s in companies increased from 227 to 949, representing a stable share of the total workforce at 5-6%. We believe that companies have a concentrated effect on high-quality talent through corporate culture and platform advantages.
The Division’s promotion management post may average around two years. We believe that it is also a process of feedback that companies provide high-quality people with enough project experience and space to develop at the global front, while high-quality talent in turn increases the soft power of companies to take over projects and solve problems.
The stability of the core management team ensures the management base for overall business expansion. The core management is more stable than the company left before 2007 and 2014.
Directorsandexecutiveofficers 2014
geli (1) 41chairman, chiefexecutiveofficefronter geli.ph.d. (1)
Xiaozhongliu 43exectivevicipresident, directorandfounder xiaozhonliu
zhaohuizhang (2) edwardhu 39vicepresidentofinternations, directorandfounder
I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
38vicepresidentofmediasticmarking, directorandfounder edwardhu
45chiefoperatingofficer Kaigu jiang (john) long
43chiefinancionalofficer besontsang alexanderforcekes
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
42chiefmanufacturing officer suhantang, ph.d. kian-weeseah
xuesong(jeff)leng kian-weeseah (2) (3) 44director
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
waltert.kwauk cuongvietdo (1) (3) (4) 41director
The ability to integrate is excellent, reflecting the ability of companies to expand their new business. Typically, the large global cro companies have high reputations, ranging from 20 to 40%. In 2018, corporate goodwill represented only 5% of total assets.
The vast majority of purchases have been radical and successful in history: the acquisition of apptec in 2008, the technology of the big molecules that built the cornerstones of the fabric of the drug-speculating creature; and the acquisition of Smo ' s firm, Jin Seok-seok, in 2011, which is now a domestic business, figure 15: Crow usually has a higher reputation.
Moreover, as we have previously predicted the future development path of the cro industry, companies are certainly the most desirable target: in the context of the continuing trend of increasing concentration in the cro industry, companies already have a very high global profile and competitiveness from \triangleright.
From the point of view of the recipients, we can see that companies have made a lot of influence through fairs, exchanges, and less reliance on traditional ways of getting visitors. In the long run, we believe that the company’s share of the market can continue to rise, and that the trend towards the commercialization of the cro industry was followed in October 2018, when the company formed a joint venture with Chinese electricity data.
\triangleright. We believe that clinical data have a certain geographical dimension, and that patient data and doctor data between China and the United States will vary considerably.
Similarly, companies focus on the development of the ai technology. According to the report, ai saves 40-50% on synthetic compounds and screening, and 50-60% on clinical research.
In June 2018, the company led the US AI company, insilicomedicine. Insilicomedicine focused on applying a new generation of artificial intelligence technologies, such as deep learning, to target identification, drug discovery, and research to resist aging, a survey in 2018 showed that big data/data analysis capabilities, electronic data collection systems, etc.
We believe that the Division will be more competitive and consolidate its own moat. With the growing importance of long-tail customers’ resources, companies have also proposed long-tail customers’ strategies.
The \triangleright cornerstones industry is on the market at Hong Kong, and we believe that the company’s strategy to accompany the growth of its customers is beginning to emerge. We believe that as more first-in-clas innovative lines continue to move forward, the company may be even more advanced.
Continued investment in more R & D pipelines after the growth of biotech has increased.iv. Business splitting: drugs are discovered as entry points to provide cash flow; ddsu and cdmo provide incremental amounts: clinical operations open the ceiling
(i) Laboratory services in the China region: cash flow guarantees, flexible viewing in the ddsu district laboratory services are the core business of the company, which can be divided mainly into chemical discovery and analytical tests. We recognize that these two operations are highly variable and reflect business models, customer structures, and competitive patterns.
1. Chemical discovery: Increased penetration (beta) and higher corporate-market occupancy (α), laying the basis for integrated services as the basis for offshoring, domestic cost advantages and efficient corporate management, which laid the foundation for a global flagship.
The Chinese district has an engineer bonus for chemical talent, so it has an element of industrial transfer. According to Cortpharma, in 2004 or so, for each fte contract, the customers of the United States company Cro pay $250,000 per year, while the public department charges only $95,000.
In US dollars, and in companies it is only US$ 13,000. The trend of industrial shifts associated with price advantages offers China’s early drug discovery cro an opportunity to grow. To date, according to Kang Long’s disclosure of stock offer, the company and Kang Long have become the second and third largest market share in the global drug discovery of outsourced services and are already very competitive globally.
The discovery of operations, the increase in penetration rates (beta) and the increase in corporate city occupancy rates (α) has led companies to find that business continues to grow at a rapid rate. Globally, as we have said before, the penetration rate in the crón industry has continued to rise during the drug discovery phase, and the concentration in the crón sector will continue to rise (research and development of new medicines, especially in the early stages, has tended to diversify; China has a transfer of industries.
In the last 10 years, and in the future, expected three-to-five years, the dual increase in penetration + city occupancy has been the central driving force behind the continued rapid growth of the company’s current operations in chemistry. Early detection of the continued growth of business customers ensured the sustainability of the company’s integrated services operations.
Research and development projects within the country’s/European pharmaceutical companies, as well as new research and development projects in biotech, will be the company’s main incremental projects for the next three to five years, reaching 3,500, and we expect a steady upward trend in the number of customers. For domestic clients, the ddsu sector provides greater flexibility for the company’s chemical discovery business.
1) Given the current state of research and development on new medicines in the country, companies have a stronger capacity, and innovative business models are expected to rise. China’s early stage of research and development on innovative medicines is late, research and development is weak, and the company’s domestic new drug research and development services (ddsu) are able to empower domestic pharmaceutical companies through their capabilities at the international front, so their profit margins are expected to be relatively high.
Some of the ddsu projects will be able to generate milestone revenues and share sales after listing (expected to be around 5%). We expect that ddsu is currently primarily a domestic large-scale enterprise.
2) Driven by the trend in the domestic pharmaceutical innovation research and development industry, the profitability of the company’s innovative business model (ddsu) is expected to be rapidly demonstrated. After 2015, China’s innovation drug research and development was at a high-scenario stage, and the ddsu sector fully benefited from the dividends of the Chinese market.
Analysis tests: Some of the offshore properties, some of the domestic capacity to raise capital, some of the domestic potential benefits, and some of the domestic capacity to raise capital, and some of the domestic potential benefits. The company’s analytical testing operations, mainly in toxicology, dmpk, bioanalysis and chemical analysis, have some of the characteristics of offshore operations, and therefore the client is closed.
At the beginning of 2017, the company acquired the country’s pre-clinical cologne, which strengthened its ability to analyse drugs and test biology.
In addition, the company (ii) Clinical Research Business: Breaking through the core business of the ceiling
Clinical trial services are higher from the ceiling point of view than the pre-clinical blue-sea market. Clinical research cro is one of the most market-based and, in the long run, one of the company’s core business of breaking through the ceiling.
Figure 17: Share of investments in new drug research and development stages 1. Clinical cro: The transition from the US-China Double Report to the prospect of building global service capacity at a high point. The expansion of the company ' s clinical cro operations reflects the history of an unregulated to normatively enhanced domestic clinical trial market.
In terms of clinical coro development, the company experienced a number of bumps; in 2012, the company and the United States company Clinic co-founded a joint venture; in 2015, the business was restructured to become a fully-owned subsidiary of the company in mainland China, known as the Kande Hong Wing. So, in 2012-2015, the clinical co-orders of the Condex Wing came mainly from Pra.
After the events of “7.22” in 2015, clinical trials in China tended to be regulated, and the market dividend for new drug research and development in China’s region led to rapid clinical growth. Condöng Wing also changed its business model, moving from a pra-package to a reliance on endogenous growth to serve the country’s innovative pharmaceutical industry.
Based on the company’s clinical cro start, we still judge that there is a large gap in numbers, income size, and Thai medicine. According to the company’s annual report on Ports and Ports in 2018, the company’s cds team outnumbers 750, while the company’s total number of Teg medicines in 2018 was 38,98, minus Fangda and Hang.
State Smmer has about 2,000 people, and the actual clinical team (including the numbers) is expected to be around 1,500. And the equity fund-raising scheme alone reveals that in the three years since 2018, more than 1,700 people are expected to be added to the clinical co-operation of the Condöng Wing. So we judge that the clinical co-operation of the company still has significant development space, 2019-2021, and its year-on-year complex.
The company’s internationalization is advancing in tandem with the introduction of the US-China double paper, which is expected to build the capacity of clinical trials from a high point of departure. We are pleased to see that, from 2017 to 2019, the company acquired the United States’ clinical coro researchpoint global (rpg) and the United States’ data statistical analysis company pharmapace.
After 10 years of experience, we believe that the pace of corporate internationalization is likely to be relatively rapid, and that integration will be more efficient. In April 2019, Dr. Frederikh. Hausheer joined the company as Chief Medical Officer (Dr. Hasheer was the CEO and Chief Medical Officer of several biopharmaceutical companies, and was the founder of the Boonemerikpharmarceatures company).
Dr. Hasheer, who is currently a part-time professor at the University of Missouri and the Department of Oncology at Johns Hopkins Center on Oncology, we believe that Dr. Huasheer's participation could provide some tactical guidance for the expansion of the company's multi-centre clinical operations. In July 2019, we saw from cde that the U.S. pharmaceutical company, cidara and Kandechon Wing, jointly declared anti-fung medicines.
The clinical trial of rezafungin. We believe that, as the internationalization of the company continues, we may see more and more of the Condolence Wing involved in mrc.
As a territorialized business, the most competitive in the company’s clinical service business, the country’s leader, is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future. So, unlike the big clinic, the company and the smo of Teg Medicine are already the country’s second largest smo enterprise.
About 1,400 people are expected to earn 206 million in 2018, corresponding to a per capita income of about 150,000 persons; given the company ' s close competitiveness and market offer for the drug smo, we judge that its per capita income may be similar. We therefore estimate that the company ' s smo income may be between 250 and 30 million. Moreover, considering the company ' s rapid growth in the number of smo (close to equity fund-raising)
From the development stage, we believe that the operation is gradually expanding from productive capacity to performance, 3. Clinical operations: opening up the growth ceiling, significant increases in the company ' s income end-of-life growth over the next three years, based on a diagnosis of the clinical area of the company, the expansion of its personnel layout and the Smo outreach process.
Corporate income from clinical research and other cro services will continue to increase at a high rate of over 45 per cent over the next two years, and its per capita income will also be (iii) US District Laboratory Services: New Technology Services Platform, perhaps the next drug-edicting organism, US District Laboratory Services, mainly medical instrument detection services, cytogen therapy research and development services, mainly through full funding.
The company apptec started. In 2015-2018, US district laboratory services showed a slower rate of revenue growth and continued downswing. This, in our judgement, was mainly due to short-term instruments client influence and company initiatives to restructure US district operations, focusing on cell gene therapy.
We believe that the cytogenetic treatment business is still in the early stages of industrial development, and may be close to the medicator organisms of around 2010. According to the offer, the company expects to invest $840 million in the production capacity of 20 new cell production workshops, which will be released in three years.
In the long run, the operating model of cytogenetic therapy may be close to a drug-edicting organism. Currently, cytogenic therapy is more inclined to offshore because of countries’ need for genetic control and cold chain transport. We believe that the Chinese market has a huge demand for cytogenetic therapy and is relatively immature, and that companies already have relatively advanced technologies in the United States, so the drug is more sophisticated.
As a whole, we believe that cytogenetic treatment is more inclined to offshore (cold chain, genetic control) and that China’s market needs are likely to grow rapidly with the gradual maturity of related industries downstream of Central America and the expansion of the capacity of companies to produce.
(iv) cdmo operations: the Cdmo business, a key business in which the corporate business model reflects economies of scale, is an asset-intensive business and is currently in a rapid expansion phase, with orders in a fast-tracking phase, particularly in the China region, where the business is growing at a high rate and is an important elasticity.
The pharmaceutical industry has started, and cdmo can be considered an asset-intensive operation. The 2018 annual report revealed that the budget for the full-phase two project in Changzhou amounts to $1,718 million, with only 18 per cent of the current progress. Given the high level of capital investment expected for the full-phase two in Changzhou, and the flexibility that we judge in the delivery of its productive capacity, the company ' s Cdmo operating income and continuity depend more on its own acceptance.
In the 2018 annual report, 528 pre-clinical and clinical i projects, 109 ii projects, 40 clinical iii projects, and 16 clinical iv projects were revealed. As we had previously assumed, we used the life cycle of clinical development of new medicines to extrapolate the number of full pharmaceutical projects:
Core assumptions: Increased inter-departmental synergies and better sticky direction of drug discovery projects to the entire pharmaceutical industry. Thus, for cdmo operations, early clinical projects are expected to increase by 20 per cent. Length: 1 year before clinical i, 2 years clinical ii and 3 years clinical ii;
As the project structure is optimized (end-of-life project share), business unit prices are expected to increase gradually, increasing the profitability of the industry. Since it will take about six years to reach its peak sales from the commercialization phase of the new drug, we judge that there is still much room for raising the unit price for the entire pharmaceutical industry.
It should continue to be strengthened, with the possibility that the entire pharmaceutical industry will continue to expand the early clinical pool, so that the high rate of growth in corporate cdmo operations will have greater sustainability and certainty. 1) Undefined macro-environment changes will lead to a risk of a decline in global investment in innovative drug research and development.
A review of the current global range of new drug R & D pipelines, together with an assumption of the number of new ones each year, has made projections of the future industrial landscape, but does not exclude the deterioration of the financing environment as a result of unpredictable changes in the macro-financing environment, which has led to a decline in the landscape of new drug research and development; and changes in national drug-research policies, which have led to such a climate.
It may also have implications, for example, since China joined Ich in June 2017, and the changes in the relevant pharmacological policy, both in terms of personnel and uncertainty, may also have an impact on China’s investment in innovative drug research and development, with the risk of a decline in the related business or poor growth as a result of internationalization expansion.
Depending on the growth of global clients, especially of the long-tailed clients of small molecules, we believe that there is a certain risk of uncertainty about the expansion of new customers, the regional layout, and the risk of weak growth of the core of the stock in the event of internationalization: this, of course, has the same effect on clinical trials.
3) There is a risk of weak growth of new business as a result of the inter-departmental synergism. As a leading medical outsourcing firm, the synergies of the companies are important for long-tail customers, especially Chinese customers and customers in the direction of new technologies. If the synergies between the departments of public administration and industry are not working well, delays in the progress of related projects may result in a risk of loss, as in the case of higher clients.
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Pharmacology, University of Gangan, and Master of International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019 as civil securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,