Trader securities zheshangsecurities (601878ch) First coverage: Deep-drawing triangles, regional advantage-led business growth
Investment Focus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Investment Point: HQ is located in Zhejiang, plowing long triangles and forming “Secret + Futures + Fund”
The market share has remained stable through a low commission rate strategy in the highly competitive brokerage market in Jiang Zing. The stock-stock charge has remained high at $17.01 per share, with the first coverage rated as “better than the big market”.
The company is based in Zhejiang, where it actually controls the transport investment group in Zhejiang province. The company has developed a financial industry layout for “Certificate + Futures + Fund + Capital + Investment”, with key financial and operational guidelines.
At the end of 2020, there were 99 branches of the company, including 66 in Zhejiang province.
Geographical concentration is relatively high. Companies have been consolidating their market share at a lower commission rate, and in the context of increased competition in the market in 17-20, the firm’s brokerage presence remained stable. In wealth management, companies are actively engaged in product introduction, research and product groups.
Together, a complete financial and marketing service system has been put in place, and the structure of wealth management products has been rationalized, the sales and holdings of equity products have increased significantly, and the transformation of wealth management has yielded tangible results.
The company is based in Zhejiang province, where private capital is active and one of the country’s high-quality small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and high-net communities, providing a good development platform for companies to finance their investments.
On the financial side, Zhejiang has implemented the Phoenix Plan for listing and merger reorganization for several years, and the company relies on Zhejiang Province for some advantages.
There has been a greater decline in management income, but with the transformation of the industry into a new phase, and the increase in the annual management income of 11% and 27%, respectively, the ranking of the management income has remained at the top of the industry. The restructuring of the company’s management has begun to bear fruit, with significant improvements in proactive management capacity in 2020.
The annual corporate fiduciary size was $131.5 billion, down 11 per cent from the previous year, but the scale of proactive management regulations and asset allocation product management has risen rapidly, doubling to triple the size of Sun Tingtingsun.