Events: semi-annual company reports, 32.586 billion won in the first half of 2019, a year-on-year increase.
24.17 per cent long; net return to the mother is 5,871 million yuan, an increase of 1,23 per cent in the same year; deductions to the mother have risen substantially, with a marked increase in revenue: 1) higher: 53.7 million tons of coal were produced in the first half of the year, an increase of 1.87 per cent in the same year; and sales of commodities were 77.3 million tons, an increase in the same year.
18.18 per cent. Of this total, 52.67 million tons of home-grown coal were sold, an increase of 2.91 per cent over the same period; 14.15 yuan/tonne in trade coal sales, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the same period, of which 376.04 yuan/tonne in home-grown coal sales, an increase of 9.18 yuan/t, an increase of 2.50 per cent over the same year; and 41.009 yuan/tonne in trade coal sales, an increase of the same year
▪ High costs and delays in performance: According to company announcements, the total unit cost of the original choice of coal in the first half of the year was $206.13 per ton, an increase of $32.89 per ton, an increase of 18.99 per cent, and we assume that the cost of the increase is mainly due to a resource tax and recovery fund.
The performance of several of the main coal-producing coal mines of the Division has declined to varying degrees, with Zhang Jiayu achieving a net profit of 910 million, a decrease of 6.19 per cent in the same year; Red Willowlin achieving a net profit of 1.08 billion, a decrease of 15.63 per cent in the same year; and the lemon tower achieving a net profit of 1.27 billion, a decrease of 24.41 per cent in the same year.
The Miner and Coal Selection Project has been officially launched and the initial coal delivery has not yet reached its highest level. The public utility industry theme: the core three is excellent. As a result, corporate operating costs in the first half of the year were $18,267 million, a year-on-year increase.
In 2019, the industry was structured and elasticized, and the cost control of the period was good, and the net operating cash flow went up to a higher level: company sales costs, first half of the year.
3. Monhua Railway Research: North Coal South Management Costs, Financial Costs 10,66, 25.29 and 77 million yuan, respectively.
In general, the cost rate for the duration of the company is expected to benefit significantly from the plant plus upstream coal companies.
Research in the Coal Industry: A Centuries Unprecedented Change - New Changes in State Enterprise Reforms Impacting Submarine Power Plants and Steel Plant Coal Demand, etc.; 2) Supply: Impacts of events such as mine accidents Impacting Coal
(c) Prices: Coal Prices, semi-annual report, 2019, yielding $32,586 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 24.17 per cent;
The net profit of the mother was 5,871 million yuan, an increase of 1,23 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the non-contribution to the mother was 5,779 million yuan, an increase of 2.91 per cent in the same year; the price rose substantially, with a marked increase in revenue: 53.7 million tons of coal were produced in the first half of the year, according to company announcements, an increase of 1.87 per cent in the same year; and merchandise coal rose by 1.87 per cent in the same year.
Sales amounted to 77.3 million tons, an increase of 18.18 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, home-grown coal sales amounted to 52.67 million tons, an increase of 2.91 per cent in the same year. Trade coal sales amounted to 24.36 million tons, an increase of 73.09 per cent in the same year, an increase of 16.14 yuan/tonne, an increase of 4.10 per cent.
According to company announcements, the total unit cost of the original choice of coal in the first half of the year was $206.13, an increase of $32.89 per ton over the same period, an increase of 18.99%, and we assume that the cost of the increase is mainly due to a resource tax and recovery fund.
910 million, a decrease of 6.19 per cent in the same year; 1.08 billion, a decrease of 15.63 per cent in the same year, and 1.27 billion, a decrease of 24.41 per cent, in the same year, in the lemon towers. At the same time, given the fact that S. P. I. and the coal-selecting plant project have been formally put into joint operation and that the initial coal delivery has not yet reached optimal levels, corporate operating costs in the first half of the year are taken together.
For $18,267 million, an increase of 53.59 per cent over the same period, the gross profit rate of the drag company was 43.94 per cent in the first half of the year, while the cost of operating net cash flow was well under control during the same period. For the first half of the year, corporate sales costs, management costs, financial costs were $10.66, 25.29 million, and 77 million, respectively.
The net operating cash flow in the first half of the year was $11,034 million, an increase of 73.72 per cent over the previous year, and the cash cow attributes became more evident. Core competitiveness: the resource endowment is clear, and profitability is ahead of the industry.
The advantages of corporate resource endowments are evident: 1) rich reserves + regional concentration, mainly producing “one or three or three” high-quality coal species; 2) provincial railways are well-developed and have a certain margin advantage over the Shinmon region; in addition to resource endowments, companies themselves are practicing their inner skills in science, technology and innovation and network trading platforms, so many core profitability indicators are at the forefront of the industry:
Between 2016 and 2018, Roe, Māori rates, net interest rates, and the cost of selling home-grown tons of coal were ranked first, second, first and second in the industry.
The company has 16 pairs of hand-held mines with an approved capacity of 114 million tonnes/year, taking into account: 1) the endogenous dimension, and the joint commissioning phase of the mine is already in progress, with an expected increase of 8-10 million tonnes, assuming that in 2019 SOP 1 will be able to reach 80% of the capacity of the mine; SPM II has an approved production capacity of 13 million tonnes/year.
(b) At the outreach level, the combined capacity of Cao Chia Bong, Mon village and small estate projects under the umbrella of the group is 27 million tonnes/year, and they are already in joint commissioning, and this portion of assets is expected to gradually enter the listed company in the future in order to resolve the competition; therefore, it is conservatively estimated that the company will have coal in the next three years.
Carbon production will add more than 20 million tons. The price of performance growth will rise: the Monhua+Cinse railway is expected to move in the course of the year, and more products will be sold to the Monhua railway, the country’s largest shipping line (design capacity 200 million tons/year) and will be completed in the course of the year.
Transport: 1) subject to resource endowments and traditional means of maritime transport, coal prices are 20-30% higher than the national average for the two lakes and rivers. 2) According to our calculations, the cost of freight on the Monhua Railway is 82, 31, 63 ton less than on the traditional means of transport, i.e. the sea route, i.e., the sea route, i.e., the sea route, i.e., the sea river, i.e., the sea and i.e., the sea route, i.e., less than 20-30%.
The company is currently based on land sales, with only 16 per cent of the two highest-priced river areas, and the Jing-Sang Railway, which is controlled by the Qing-Sang Coal Group, is travelling with the Mon-hua Railway, which is expected to help the company continuously increase the proportion of coal sales and the average price of sales.
Upgrade of valuation: smooth cash flow operations + layout along the industrial chain with weaker cyclical properties, increased growth properties 1) net cash flows are the basis: strong monetary funds and robust cash flow operations reverse companies along the industrial chain
cyclical layout, which provides the basis and the possibility of reducing its cyclical properties. 2) Upgrading along the industrial chain is at the core: the corporate investment and management team has demonstrated vision and competence in investing in Lungi shares, and will continue to expand along the chain of deep coal processing industries in the future.
When the mining and other large capital expenditure projects are completed, it is possible to increase the share of the company. 4) Stock buy-backs double, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating. 1) Demand: macroeconomic downside affects downstream demand in the coal industry, supply side reforms affect downstream power plants and steel plants
2) Supply: The impact of events such as the mine disaster has affected coal mineral energy; environmental protection and security enhancements have affected coal mineral delivery; 3) prices have fluctuated significantly in coal prices, etc. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board