Events: On 15 August, the company released its mid-year report for 2019, in which it achieved business income of $32,586 million, an increase of 24.17 per cent over the reporting period; of which 25,73 per cent was earned by the main coal business; net profit return of $3,097 million, a decrease of 0.20 per cent over the same period, an increase of 11.61 per cent over the ring; net cash flow from operating activities of $5,642 million, an increase of 80.65 per cent over the same period, >the company recovered coal mineral in the second quarter, and the company increased coal production in the first half of the year.
Xiaojie Research Assistant Wang Chimin Research Assistant 24.36 million tonnes of coal traded, an increase of 10.4 million tonnes (73.09%) over the same year.
Coal prices remained high, with higher costs and a slight decrease in unit profitability. Coal sales by companies in the first half of the year were $386.90 per ton, an increase of $14.15 per ton (3.8 per cent) in the same year, of which home-grown coal sales were worth $376.04 per ton, an increase of $9.18 per ton (2.50 per cent) in the same year; trade coal sales were worth $410.09 per ton, an increase of $16.14 per ton (4.10 per cent) in the same year. Coal sales by companies in the first half of the year were fully valued at $206.13 per ton per ton, an increase of $32.89 per ton (18.99 per cent) in the same year.
The first half of the year saw an increase in the cost of coal as a result of the resumption of production of the restricted mine during the second quarter; the second was an increase in the cost of coal as a result of the 2.3 per cent sales income levied on 1 August 2018 and the land reclamation fund, which resulted in a similar increase in the cost of tons of coal; and the third was an annual evaluation of the resources of the Xinbei region.
The tax was raised from 6 per cent to 9 per cent to raise the cost of coal: the full cost of not producing coal is expected to stabilize at the current level. In the first half of the year, company tons of coal were valued at $18.77 per ton, compared with the quarterly report of the Xiaoxi Coal Industry (601225.sh): performance grew steadily compared to $18.74 per ton (9.39 per cent); and the Māori rate was 46.72 per cent, a decrease of 6.8 pct over the same period.
In Shaanxi Coal (601225.sh), it is reported that the performance has increased steadily, the additional capacity has been released gradually and the performance has grown steadily. In the first half of the year, the company obtained approvals for mine number 1 and mine number 2 for a total of 28 million tonnes/year, and now \triangleright
In the long run, the release period for concentrated production is about to begin. Xiaobo 1 (15 million tonnes/year) is now officially in joint operation, and production capacity will be released gradually. Xiaobo 2 13 million tonnes/year) is ready for construction. Xiaoxi Coal (601225.sh) is covered for the first time: resource endowments
In addition, the Red Lillenn coal mine, the Korea Bay coal mine’s diverse growing coal core asset, 2018.06.01, and the share-in-stock Ansan mine are also gradually increasing their production capacity.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. continues to fall in interest-bearing debt and accumulates cash on the books. The interest-bearing liabilities of the company as of the second quarter of 2019 fell by 1,244 million from 17,516 million yuan at the end of 2018.
\triangleright, House No. 1 of Townstown West End, Beijing, profit forecast and rating: benefiting from the high climate of the coal industry, keeping the coal price center in the middle, steady release of the company's additional productive capacity, the company's profitability will be one.
Share-price catalysts: illicitly produced coal mine governance is over-expected, additional capacity is released on schedule, and the Monhua Railway is progressing well. \triangleright Risk factors: significant macroeconomic slowdowns, and risks to safe production.
He is a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) and of the China Sindha Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy projects. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on the coal sector since 2019.
Zhang Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering School, University of Mines of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.