Event: On June 17th, the company issued an announcement and signed 550 million transistors with onboard control.
Preparation for procurement contract (complete delivery of all equipment on 20 December 2019): Onboard control, 12 June, an announcement will be issued that $3 billion will be invested in the construction of the 5gw single crystalline silicone project at the head of the package.
According to the announcement issued on June 12th, this order for the purchase of single-crystal equipment is to meet the need to start production in December 2019. Based on a single-gw investment of 200 million, this 5gw single-crysilica project will bring more than 1 billion equipment orders, and the crystallizer power is expected to reach the majority.
Equipment orders, and we expect more than $500 million in equipment orders to be made in the wake of the crystal-spill power supply.
The financial situation has improved, and the photovoltaic silicon sector is expected to see a new boom in prices, while the monocrystal penetration rate will continue to rise, and the industry will undergo a new expansion cycle. Since March 2019, the central ring shares, the crystals, the onboard controls have published 25gw, 25gw, 25gw, 25gw, 25gw, 25gw, 25gw and 25gw, respectively.
The 5gw extension program, which keeps up with our previous judgment, starts a new cycle of production capacity in the second quarter, while we expect that other silicon producers will continue to publish the silicon expansion program.
Silicon monocrysil is expected to reach 50% penetration in 2018 and to rise to over 75% by 2020, while the industrial load will increase by 20-30% annually, and the demand for silicone equipment will grow faster than that. We expect that there will be no major technological change in the silicone chain, while approaching the price parity era, the monocrystal silicon.
The profit-bust zone will be smaller than in the past, industry will continue to expand as a approximate event, and the crystal-spill electron will be the backbone of a single-crystal growth facility in the country, which will benefit in depth from the equipment generated by the increased single-crystal penetration rate.  Adequate hand orders will be required in 2019 and 2020, with companies expected to grow faster than expected.
The purchase order for equipment from the central ring, crystallography, on-board control of 55gw amplification capacity is based on an investment of 200 million dollars per gw single crystal furnace, while the crystal generator will receive most of the order for monocrystal equipment.
(80 per cent) The three companies ' 55gw expansion plan will bring to the company at least $1.0 billion worth of equipment orders for the next three years.
Performance slightly lower than expected, watch q2 go downstream, meet expectations and make significant improvements in operating cash flows. 2019-04-10.
The purchase of installed equipment will continue and the crystals will continue to benefit from this expansion, according to the announcement issued on June 12th, the purchase order for single crystallized equipment is for 2019.
December’s production needs. On the basis of a $200 million investment in single-gw equipment, this 5gw single crystalline silicon project will have more than a billion orders, crystals are expected to get most of the orders, and we expect more than 500 million orders for equipment to follow.
The monocrystal penetration rate continues to rise, silicon output expansion continues to outpace expectations, and after 531, the market is generally concerned that there will be no new investment in the photovoltaic silicone chain, and that the new purchase orders from the equipment company in 2019 will fall significantly. At the end of January, we proposed that the silicone industry would improve as the industry returns to its financial profile.
A new wave of price hikes is expected, along with a rising single crystal penetration rate and a new expansion cycle for the industry. Since March 2019, the central ring shares, crystals, and onboard controls have published plans for 25gw, 25gw, and 5gw expansion, keeping up with our previous judgement, and the start of a new second-quarter production cycle, while we anticipate other silicon silicons.
The company's silicon expansion plan is still being announced. The monocrystal permeation rate has increased + small inter-profit fluctuations, and the price parity era has accelerated. The monocrystal silicon industry has reached 50% penetration in 2018 and is expected to increase to more than 75% by 2020, while the industry will be installed at the same time.
With a combined annual growth of 20-30%, the demand for single crystal silicone equipment will grow faster than that for installed equipment. We expect that the silicon chain will benefit from a single crystal penetration without major technological changes, while nearing the price-neutral era, the profitability of single crystal silicone will be smaller than in the past, the industry will continue, the expansion will be a general event, and the crystal engine power will benefit from the depth of the single crystal penetration rate as the domestic monocrystal growth device.
The company's quarterly report revealed that, as at 31 March 2019, the company had not completed its contracts totalling $2,535 million, of which the total contract value for the shipment was $584 million, some contract value was $1,106 million and the amount of the contract had not yet been delivered.
845 million yuan. The company’s main photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, and the receipt and inspection period after delivery is three to five months. This $550 million purchase order, which was completed on 20 December 2019, is expected to affect revenue and profits in 2020.
With a single-crystal investment of $200 million, the crystal-spill power will receive most of the monocrystal equipment orders (80%), and the next three companies’ 55gw extension plan will bring at least $8.5 billion of equipment orders to the company over the next three years. Photovoltage parity access is not as fast as expected, and the downstream expansion of photovoltaic silicon mills is less than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board