The company ' s performance grew faster in 2018 and slowed down in the first quarter of 2019.
The Division achieved a revenue of 2.540 billion yuan, an increase of 30.1 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 580 million yuan, an increase of 50.6 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 540 million yuan, an increase of 52.0 per cent in the same year in the net profit of the non-retroduction of mothers; and a better demand for single crystallized silicon growth furnaces and smart processing equipment, with an increase in sales of semiconductor equipment.
The company achieved a faster growth in its performance. During the fourth quarter, the company achieved a revenue of 650 million yuan, a 6.6 per cent reduction compared to the same period, and a net return of 140 million yuan, a 2.1 per cent increase compared to the same period, and in the first quarter of 2019, the company is expected to achieve a return net profit of 120-150 million yuan, a projected increase over the same period.
The Volcano industry is expected to warm up gradually, with the mainstream monocrystal silicon manufacturer opening a new round of expansion. The downstream silicon is particularly well-required in its efficient monocrysil silicon market and has a positive impact on the upstream equipment chain in favour of public zhangaojie@dgzq.com.cn
A steady increase in the Division ' s business performance is evident in the dominance of the crystalline silicon growing equipment and rapid growth of the smart processing equipment.
The silicone growth equipment/intelligent processing equipment/ sapphire material operations each generated more than $2.6 billion in ambush equipment orders and more than $500 million in new semiconductor equipment orders, a significant increase from 2017. In 2018, the semiconductor-grade quartz project, which the company invested in, was successfully launched and filled.
Roe (ttm) is a big semiconductor with an industrial void in the country, and the product is already in the country's large semiconductor.
Silicon millers supply chains. On the other hand, companies cut into smart logistics, warehousing, mes, etc. The lowest price (in dollars) in December can be used for factory operations and provide smart factory solutions for their customers.
In 2018, the company ' s Māori rate was 39.5%, the fee rate was optimized, and the company ' s profitability increased. By product, the māori rate for crystal-repair/intelligent processing equipment was 43.6%/37.9%, respectively.
In 2018, net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to 170 million yuan, an increase of 310 million yuan over the same period, especially since the company ' s cash flow had been negative and its cash flow had improved significantly in the second half of the year. The investment proposal was that the company was the leading supplier of crystalline silicon growing equipment in the country.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.