Photovoltaic orders are stable, semiconductor horizons are open, crystals (300316) are reported in 2018.
A 30.11% increase in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $582 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
The annual sales of 1,344 units generated an income of $1.94 billion, an increase of 23.36 per cent, representing 76.5 per cent of the principal business income, and a Māori rate of 43.62 per cent (+2.2 ptt); an intelligent processing equipment revenue of $277 million, an increase of 39.14 per cent, and Māori income of 37.85 per cent (+4.85 ptt); and sapphire materials revenue of 125 million, a ratio of the same
The company was full of orders and the demand for the downstream photovoltaic industry was stable. In 2018, the domestic photovoltaic power generation installed an additional 44.26gw, the company had signed over $2.6 billion in new photovoltaic equipment orders throughout the year. By the end of 2018, the company had a total outstanding contract of $2,674 million, of which 595 million was delivered in part.
On 19th, an announcement was made on the construction of the Central Ring Five 25gw single crystal silicon project in the city of Hut, with a total investment of about 9 billion yuan and a total need for photovoltaic equipment of about 7 billion yuan, providing potential demand for photovoltaic equipment for crystals power, and stability in the downstream photovoltaic industry ensuring that corporate PV orders are loaded and revenue secure.
Semiconductor equipment gradually opens the market. The domestic semiconductor industry maintains a high temperature, semiconductor set-up, capital expenditure growth is at the top of the world at 55.7%, with single crystal furnaces and area furnaces at its core, single crystal silicone cutters, single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicone stick grinders, full automatic silicone polishers,
Products such as two-sided grinders were marketed, with more than 5 new semiconductor equipment orders signed throughout 2018 based on technological innovation and a sufficient stock of new products. Companies have always focused on technology research and development, with 331 inventions in 18, 52 patents, and a large stock of photovoltaic and traditional semiconductor equipment.
Development of a 6-inch carbonated silicon crystal growth furnace to provide a third generation of semiconductor equipment to companies in the area of “Crystal Power” (300316): smooth growth in photovoltaic performance, 2; “Crystal Power” (300316): high growth in performance, new
4. Crystal Gear Power (300316): sustained high performance growth, Eastern financial and intellectual growth crystallizer power (300316): photovoltage orders stable and semiconductor prospects open
The Chinese People's University School of Economics has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following the new energy auto industry chain and mechanics.
In 2016, he joined the civil securities and in 2017 he joined the East Hing securities.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.