Short-term performance pressure, coal-column growth timetable Events: 29 October 2024, Triannual Report 2024, Three Seasons 2024, Coal 000983
In the first three quarters, the company was exposed to \triangleright.
Both sales of coal products and prices of coal sales have been affected by the decline over the same period. Corporate performance has declined significantly, with net profit returns falling by 49.52 per cent over the previous three quarters, and net cash flows from operating activities have been reduced by the same amount.
In terms of cost, a high-quality resource endowment has a significant cost advantage. The coal layers of the company’s mining sector are stable, near-level coal layers, simple geological formations, low mining costs, and significant advantages.
A rich pool of cokered resources, high-quality and scarce coal species, such as cokers, fat coals, with the advantage of a low-level research assistant in the Liu Po Coal industry, ash fractions, low-sulphur fractions, good focalation, etc., are better suited to the future furnaces and steel industries.
The “three-step” strategy moves into a period of revitalization, when good assets are injected or are still available. Companies hold shares.
At a workshop in the second half of 2020, the Eastern Coal Group proposed a strategic plan for “three three-year three-step journeys”, and in the annual report, it was again mentioned that it was determined to be a good development path for the strong coal industry and to speed up the advanced production of coal.
We anticipate that companies will continue to promote coal-capacitation restructuring strategies without infusing high-quality assets.
In October 2024, the company announced that it would use 24,705 million yuan in coal and co-aluminium mining rights in the district of Lu Liang County, Montsang province, which would survey an area of 52,1821 square kilometres of coal resources.
The coal is mainly a third of the coal, gas and gas, with a planned production capacity of 8 million tonnes/year.
The right of prospecting for coal and co-bauxite mines in Hing County is a national planning area off Willows, adjacent to the ravine coal mine located at the Golden 127.
The sustainable development of the company is facilitated by the reserve resource reserves of barrier companies. Profit predictions and investment ratings: company-owned rich coal-fired and high-quality coal-carrying, with an advantage of scale, is at the forefront of the market, with the prospect of a sustained follow-up implementation of the good-quality coal asset note.
• Risk factors: the macroeconomic downturn has led to a sharp fall in coal prices, uncertainties in industrial policies, a Dr. from the Chinese Mining University, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a deputy general manager from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and a geominetic economy in China
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
Research and development centre, responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, he was responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Financial Science, formerly a Ph.D. in Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), formerly a second-tier Enterprise Investment Department, China Coal Industries Group
Minister, who has worked for many years in coal mine production, technical management of coal mine production, investment in coal mine projects, management of operations, etc., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research. Liu Hong Guang, PhD from Beijing University, Member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The expert, assistant director, led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060;
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sunda securities research programme in June 2022.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where they studied coal and electricity.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, the University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, Master of Accounting, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, the University of Southern California, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, January 2023, the Ministry of Coal Research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.