Keep your eyes open. El ophthalmology. 300015.sz. El ophthalmology. 300015.
Lee Ping-ho, the company published its annual report for 18 months. 18h1 achieved revenue of $3.780 billion, an increase of 45.94 per cent. The net profit of the parent company was $509 million, an increase of the same amount.
Ten thousand dollars, mainly from other out-of-office payments, increased by 44.50 per cent in the same year. In the first half of 18 years, the increase was 16.41 per cent. The net profit was $292 million, an increase of 41.71 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, as demand for the ophthalmology market continued to grow, the size of the company's operations and brands grew, and the power of the hierarchical chain improved, the advantages of the scale effect emerged, the company's overall operating income and net profits continued to grow steadily and its main operations remained robust.
El ophthalmology (300015) annual report: high pace of development and good functioning of the M & As project
Three-quarterly Elephthalm: Superperformance. Market expectations, long-term profitability with increased power. Half-yearly Elephthalm: Business Growth.
Quarterly review of El ophthalmology: Elimination of Cataracts, Internationalization Strategy Progress
The main sub-specialized operations in the first half of 18 years were: 1,465 million yuan, an increase of 84.11 per cent in the same year; 54.6 per cent in the first half of the operation (year-to-year - 1.57 pp, expected to be due to higher cost of high-end surgical materials and the combination of European and United States hospitals); and a high level of kurch operations.
The rapid growth is mainly due to the higher share of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds, flying seconds and icl, and the higher volume prices, as well as the co-mingling of clínicabaviera.s.a in Europe last September. The future will be further elevated with the following: 1.
Cataract surgery has achieved an operating income of 764 million yuan, a 17.13 per cent increase in the same year, with a Māori rate of 37.46 per cent (same as -0.23 pp). This is due to a higher proportion of high-end crystals and an increase in the full-fly second style. Cataract surgery is needed, and we predict that in the future, cataract operations will continue to benefit from China’s vast market space.
The high rate of growth in sight operations has benefited from the continuous increase in the number of visual mirrors while the new technologies and products have been upgraded. 432 million yuan in the first half of the year of the immediate and the back-of-the-eye operations (ibid. +16.77%).
On September 1, last year, clínicabaviera.s.a added a net profit of $5.431 million to contribute to the net profit of $52.59 million. With this in mind, the company’s performance still achieved a high rate of growth of 30.07% over the previous year.
The net profit is now $7.22 million, compared to $6.75 million this year, with little impact on the whole. Moreover, during the reporting period, the company acquired 51% of the shares in the Xi Yill Eye Hospital Limited and a few shares in the hospitals Taiwon, Dong-yuan, Shenzhen, etc., which, by our simple estimate, will not increase the company ' s current performance by more than $12 million, even if the acquisition of the shares affects the company ' s net internal performance.
In terms of financial indicators, the company ' s Māori rate of 18h1 was 47.66 per cent, an increase of 0.70 percentage points over the same period the previous year. Sales costs (year-on-year +0.15 pp). The increase in the administrative cost rate was mainly due to the increase in management fees, such as remuneration, depreciation and fit-out costs, due to the expansion of the company ' s size, which was due mainly to the increase in interest payable due to borrowing during the reporting period.
Realization of net cash flows from operating activities of $778 million, with a growth rate of 85.98 per cent, exceeding the profit growth rate, and consolidation of the (ii) super-high growth of the (ii) hierarchical chain advantage, which maintained faster growth in all levels of hospitals. During the reporting period, the company continued to speed up the improvement of the network of cascades in the provinces and regions and to accelerate the promotion of a focus on the local and county municipalities
As the national network continues to improve, the effect of scale is further demonstrated. The top 10 hospitals of 18h1 have continued to grow at a high rate, with a 24.16 per cent increase in the total camp, a 27.51 per cent increase in net profits and a higher increase in mature hospitals.
With regard to new hospitals, nine hospitals that were injected at the beginning of 17 years achieved a net profit of $39,293,000, of which $29,894,000 was a net gain. While some hospitals have not yet been profitable, the overall net profit of nine hospitals has increased at a rate of 28.02%.
Figure 2: Net profit from nine hospitals injected in early 17 (million yuan) (iii) steady growth in international operations and high growth in European hospital performance During the reporting period, corporate international operations grew steadily, with clínicabaviera registering a 40.5 per cent increase in performance in the first half of the year and new in the reporting period
Two additional hospitals (1 Spain, 1 Germany), 18h1clínicabaviera achieved operating income of Euro56.168 million, a 12.0 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of Euro70.37 million, a 40.5 per cent increase in the same year, reflecting a significant quarterly change in income of Euroclínicabaviera, reflecting the dynamic development of European hospitals after acquisition
Figure 2: Quarterly changes in net profits of clínicabaviera (€1,000,000) Spain (+10.1%), ebitda up in Germany (+82.6%) > Italy (+42.9%) > Spain (+23.2%). We believe that the growth of European hospitals is a good reflection of the success of corporate internationalization strategies and that future international operations are expected to continue to be anti-growing.
Inner: 1. The firm ' s performance has grown faster since its acquisition, and its future profitability has increased its performance effectively. 2. The firm ' s business skills, such as the old cerebral mirrors, are highly competitive vis-à-vis the country and can compensate for the country ' s technological disadvantage: due to the advanced and ageing economies of the euro zone, the company ' s old-looking surgical skills are more sophisticated, and many of the clinical trials in the crystals are standard-based.
The business model of the “Surgery Centre Plus Clinic” allows companies to learn about their hierarchical chaining systems. 4. The company has been able to integrate rapidly and in depth the advanced international medical service concepts and cutting-edge technological systems, with experience in high-end service models and management. It has been beneficial for companies to develop high-end medical services, and the company's global team of good experts has been greatly enriched and enriched.
(iv) Increased scientific capacity and the attraction of human talent The memorandum of strategic cooperation between the two sides will deepen and deepen scientific research, talent development and technological transformation, and contribute to the development and advancement of the human eye sciences, with extensive experience in academic training, clinical transformation, etc.
During the reporting period, a global close-sighted big-data multi-centre research project, initiated and led by the El Eye Academy of Sciences of the University of South-central China, was launched in Honolulu, United States. The project uses China’s fully autonomous intellectual property, artificial intelligence products, as a key laboratory equipment.
Nineteen high-level scientific teams have been selected globally to collect and analyse data from three adults on six continents and to focus on research on mechanisms for the development of near-sighted diseases in humans, and during the reporting period, the company has further developed the Medical Research Platform, building on “two houses, two stations”
Research on the four main directions of infectious corneas, eye banks, dry eye and dry eye clinics, and corneas transplants. This will make a major contribution to the overall scientific capacity and academic level of high corneas and eye-watch diseases, and to the overall professional level of the company and indeed of the country's corneas disease.
It is a long-standing consensus that the company's scientific capacity and influence will be strengthened in the future, which will significantly increase its attractiveness and ensure that the company will become more attractive.
The company is the leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing size and brand influence, and its network layout, which is 66/48/36 times higher. We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating.