In 2022, companies achieved business income of $32,032 million.
The stock-base share leads the industry, while retail/offshore/institutional platforms continue to overlap. The company’s share of ease of service based on advanced platforms is stable, with annual stock-based transactions amounting to $38.76 trillion, with a market share of 8.66%, ranking first in the industry. The total size of the customer account is $4.99 trillion, and the number of clients and assets is high.
Barriers have been created, and subsequent markets have become more flexible. Retail, cross-border, institutional service systems have expanded, with an average monthly activity of 92,683 million during the reporting period, ranking first in the securities company category, and building up the "Singing Global" platform, and investing in the servicessetmark.
Synergy has been achieved to expand global investment and configuration capacity, with cumulative downloads of 1,982 million since the launch, with an average monthly activity of 184.2 million during the reporting period; and to optimize the “walking” platform as a means of expanding the market-based capacity of institutional clients to act on behalf of clients and trades.
Enhancing proactive investment management capacity, “One Huatai” highlights the competitiveness of the capital. The company's year-round management of 3,769 million yuan in operating income shows that product restructuring does not affect performance. At the end of the reporting period, the total size of the management of the assets of the company was close to $480 billion, accompanied by an investment-led advantage.
Specially managed operations, corporate abs (asset securitization) issued 130 copies, second in rank; financing 13.500 billion yuan, third in rank. Investors take advantage of industrial expertise. Companies achieved $4.024 billion in investment revenue throughout the year, a decline in comparison.
7.37%. Companies serve their leading clients in new energy sources, semiconductors, and in the field of health. They complete a multi-market project entitled " Huatai Securities (6,1688.sh) - Science and Technology Establishments and Wealth Ecology " , with group equity owners carrying $15,369 million, the fourth largest in the industry.
On the other hand, the total variety of bonds is worth $980.402 billion, and the industry is ranked third. Group M & A is ranked second in the industry in terms of the number of traders in the group of nine, with a turnover of $16.567 billion.
The performance of investments is weaker than that of the market. Income from investment operations throughout the year (including fair value) is influenced by the downside of the equity market.
Market competition has increased; liquidity constraints have led to higher financing costs; and innovation has not moved as fast as expected. High-scale resource investment in technology has continued to drive digital transformation, creating one of the most dynamic wealth management platforms in the securities sector.
Figure 1: Business income and rate of increase on thehua-Thai securities. Figure 2: Net return on thehua-Thai securities and rate of increase. Figure 3: Net return on thehua-Thai securities
Figure 4: Net profit and increase of the Huathai Stock Exchange by parent by season, Figure 5: The structure of the company's main business The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author