The company also issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2017.
In the first half of 2017, the game generated 1,497 million yuan. The proceeds from mobile games were 1,452 million yuan, representing 97.01 per cent of the total game.
The reason for this is that the company's self-researching games, The Holy Land and Al's War Book, performed better, while the company acquired free time and fun during the reporting period, increased the company's profitability and significantly increased the company's overall Māori ratio. The idle game contributed $658 million to the net profit of $322 million.
The company's new self-study tour, " Hope: A New World " , launched on July 14, draws on the success of the Holy Land of the Gods, and the data from the first day of the line has outperformed the same period of the Holy Dome of the Gods, and has acquired the application of the Taiwan area on the first day of the line.
The store and googleplay platforms are the number one downloaders, and the flow of water is expected to reach the level of the Holy Land. The company will have three heavy pips on its hands in the third quarter, the Sword, Death, and Terminator, and the future game is a promising performance.
The Internet platform strategy is steadily falling, looking at the company’s ability to implement. Opra and grindr are the company’s two major flow portals, which cover the general population, and grindr, which covers the vertical population. Both platform-level applications allow companies to cover large global Internet users while also covering small and beautiful Internet users.
The company’s acquisition of grindr’s remaining shares in May also defined its Internet platform development strategy, and we value the company’s ability to build a global flow platform, which has now reached 370 million active users per month of company Internet platform operations.
On the 15th floor of the Central Sea International Center, we maintain the Klon Wanway "buy-in" rating based on the following four points: 1) corporate game business, development one mode, is on track; 2) platform business is active at 370 million a month, making it a world leader.
The Internet traffic entrance at the 1,000th Hengsheng Road at Land's mouth. 14 million active users in 1 mobile month, grindr active month, and Fukuda's 6th tax-free route.
For 7 million, the monthly active user is 350 million; 3) as the company games and platform operations are gradually coming together, we expect the company to have eps of 0.79 yuan in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and the Chinese free trade test (Sichuan) in China.
$1.15 and $1.40, corresponding to 26 x, 18 x and 15 x, respectively; 4) multi-species stockholdings in companies with urban high and new zones, are expected. In the case of fun stores, for example, the successful listing is assumed to be valued.
The value of the company’s shareholdings will reach around $3-6 billion, estimated at $2.5-50 billion in China Sea International, Avenue 177. The performance of the M&As does not meet the expected risk.
In the past few years, there has been a large number of mergers and acquisitions in the industry, and the existence of mergers and acquisitions is an unanticipated risk.
Cultural communications industries are highly regulated by the State and are vulnerable to policy influences leading to significant changes in industry and companies, using information on legal compliance, and producing this report independently and objectively.
The contents and opinions of the report are responsible. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.