Cultural media Klonwanwi (300418): High performance in self-research games and high growth in recreational activities
Purchases of leisure and recreation, raising the overall Māori rate to 78.38%. In February, leisure and recreation complementarities with the original medium-heavy game product of the Kunlón game, optimizing the company’s original game structure, and creating clear synergies with the company’s rich pool of game distribution resources.
The company’s ability to sustain its profits has been further enhanced by a significant increase in the Māori ratio of its hand-held business from 46.94% in the same period last year to 78.38%. The performance of self-study games is excellent, and it is expected to continue to drive performance growth.
61.56% of this total income from mobile games is $1,452 million, which accounts for the entire game, mainly due to the company's self-researching games, The Holy Land of the Devil and Al's War Book, and in the second half of the year, there are self-researchers like Death, Terminator, Sword, The Stars of September, etc.
The Kuala Lumpur Annual Report Review: Multi-platform Synergy, a new self-study tour, " Hope: A New World " , launched on 14 July, was launched at the top of the line - 2017/04/25.
The data show more than the same time as the Holy Land.
Financial layout, building a platform for the entertainment of globalization. Matrix. Kunlun games, recreation, 1 mobile, opra, grindr, all corporate deposits - 2017/04/06
Large databases. Data analysis based on big group data will help companies to optimize their products, refine their operations, and realize platform flows.
Life is expected to grow robustly. There is still much room for growth in leisure and recreation, and it is expected to provide continuous cash flow security for companies. Opra, grindr, is well developed and is expected to provide new performance growth points for companies in the future.
Quinlon Wanway (300418): Quinlon Wanway: Quite a good game, Quinlon Wanwie (300418): Quite a good game, Quinlan Quinlan Quinton Quantue Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Quarter, Quarter, Quarter, Beijing
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.