In the second half of the year, self-research products are worth noting.
During the first half of 2017, the games generated 1,497 million yuan, an increase of 42.71 per cent in the same year and 78.26 per cent in the same year, mainly due to higher salary increases for employees; and $283 million in management costs, an increase of 44.08 per cent in the same year, a larger increase.
In the first half of the year, the management cost was 16.38%, compared to 16.11% in 2016. The high growth in corporate play income was largely due to idle play and watch.
The net profit generated in February-June was $322 million, resulting in a net profit of $164 million for the mother, accounting for 42.71% of the company’s net profit from the mother in the first half of the year, while leisure and recreation increased the company’s rate of hand-to-hand Maori from 46.94% in the same period last year to 78.38%. Leisure and recreation in the southern provinces of Sichuan and Hunan have higher market rates and are expected to continue to penetrate the three- and four-line urban markets in the future.
Self-researching of the life cycle of the Holy Dome of the Devil, Al's Book of War, and the operation of the Water-upgrading Auxiliary Games has increased in profitability. The Holy Dome, which came on the line in July 2016, has continued through its worldwide distribution in markets such as Japan and the Middle East, and has performed better with its hands-on life cycle.
With regard to proxy games, the company continues to present on its behalf three global phenomenon-level tours developed by the Finnish company Supercell, such as Sea Island Spaniards, Tribal Conflicts and Tribal Conflicts: Royal Wars, as well as snails games such as Tai Chi Panda 2, Joolong Entertainment 3d, Tianma Times The Wonder of the Nation, etc., with steady water flow.
The self-research product for the second half of the year deserves attention.
In the second half of 2017, the company’s multi-purpose self-research products are expected to continue to make a profit. On July 14, the online self-researcher, Seal Hope: A New World, was first on the list of downloads from the Taiwan area’s appstore and googleplay two platforms, and was recommended by Googleplay; and the company’s hand-by-hand R & D initiative.
1 Klonwanwi (300418) 2016 Annual Report "The Terminator: Trial Day" (globally known film ip), "The Cloud of the Sword" (nationally famous rpg game) :
Many rounds of testing have been carried out, and are expected to continue online. 1 mobile, opra and grindr channels and big data values are raised.
\triangleright opra browser with 350 million-month active users, has evolved into an integrated platform-level application, extended profit model advertising charges; grindr has been integrated with companies with over 27 million registered in 196 countries by the first half of 2017
Users, with 60% of their income, pay membership fees. 1 mobile has 14 million mau and is expected to create overseas synergies with Opra and grindr to accumulate large data on effective user behaviour, which is expected to lead to significant improvements in the ability of companies to realize and operate efficiently.
Hu Sam, Head of the Media Internet Group, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, July 2011 to date, with many years of media Internet industry Wu Qing Yu, Master of Economics, University of Bristol, Bachelor of Business Finance, State University of California, June 2015 Joined the People ' s Sports Securities. Author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,