The semi-annual performance meets expectations, and in the second half of the year, the self-research game strongly recommended (maintain) net profit of $384 million, an increase of 57.52 per cent. At the same time, the q3 performance forecast shows a net return profit during the reporting period.
The semi-annual growth is in line with expectations, with idle contributions: the growth in corporate performance in the first half of the year is mainly due to hand-held operations. The first half of the year, with 1,452 million hand-held businesses, accounted for 83.6 per cent of the total, an increase of 4.61 per cent over the same period last year, which is in line with the six-monthly growth forecast.
Self-research games are on-line and have fun with each other. The rate of hand-to-hand Maori has increased by 66% over the same year, mainly because companies raise their share of self-research games to raise their product rates and net interest rates.
In 2016, the number of users of chess games reached 258 million, an increase of 5.9% over the same year, with an average of five Chinese users having a game user. As a leading player in the game of Local Character Leisure, the business has continued to consolidate itself since 2017.
Market penetration in the dominant provinces, with three-to-four-line cities sunk, and business models were replicated throughout the country, continuing to expand the market by using a front-line familiarity model. By playing with each other, companies moved into the leisure game area to complement the original medium-heavy game product of the Klon game and optimized the public.
The structure of the Division’s game products, the enrichment of the games’ product lines, the expansion of the company’s market size and user size, and the significant increase in the company’s Māori rate for mobile games from 46.94 per cent in the same period last year to 78.38 per cent have further enhanced the Division’s ability to continue to make profits. We believe that with the increased concentration of the chess industry and its regularization,
There is hope for further performance growth. The self-research product burst, the game took off: the company went on a self-research tour in Taiwan on July 14th. Seal Hope: A New World, won the first day of the tour the appstore and googleplay in Taiwan.
The platform's download list is number one. The ability of the company to do self-research is demonstrated by the progress made in the second half of the year in terms of the performance of the self-research game. With the remunerative reciprocal pip and top swim pip adaptation, in the second half of 2017, there are still four self-recruiting ip hand-walking products waiting to be online, q3 on the line "bleach " , q3 on the line.
Quantified Report: " Gameboard Performance Release, Outwards " , q4 Upline " Rocky " , " Hopeol " , to accelerate the growth of hand-by-hand operations. We recognize that the premium is significant.
For the company, a strong autonomous R & D capacity and a concentration of large-scale ip hand-to-hand operations in the second half of the year will further enhance its profitability.