After six months of active research and development, Klon Wanway (300418), the semi-annual review of 2017, Klon Wanwi issued a performance report for 2017, and the company achieved a revenue of 1,737 million, an increase of 41.73 per cent over the reporting period, resulting in net profit for mothers of 384 million.
The same-year increase of 57.52%, close to the previous forecast threshold of $343 million net profit after deduction, an increase of 65.2% over the same period; a basic gain of $0.33 per share, a two-fold increase in net profit for Māori, and an impressive performance. The double increase in Māori rates and net interest rates was achieved during the semi-annual reporting period in Klon Wanwi in 2017, as a result of several advances in operations. First, there was a significant increase in income from mobile games.
The increase of 42.71% is due mainly to better performances in the company ' s self-research games, The Holy Land and Al. In the game industry, the income from mobile games was 1,452 million yuan, representing 97.01% of total game business income, an increase of 50.02% compared to the 50.02% compared to the company ' s original self-researched mobile games, which boosted overall income growth.
Recreational play should be China’s leading local-specific recreational game developers and distributors, complementary to the original medium- and heavy-weight game product of the Kunlón game, optimizing the company’s original structure of play products and enriching the play line. Leisure and recreation earned 659 million yuan in February/June, resulting in net profit of 322 million yuan, an average of 132 million yuan per month, net profit of $64 million per month, and a 51% share in the company’s share.
Monthly profits amounted to $33 million, with a net interest rate of 48.86%, and the Māori rate of company mobile games rose significantly from 46.94% in the same period last year to 78.38% of Eastern financial and intellectual resources. The apparent synergy with the rich web game distribution resources of corporate reserves further enhanced the company’s continued profitability.
The company’s five product matrices: the Cullen Game, Leisure and Recreation, 1 mobile, Opra, grindr, all of which are the company’s vast databases, provide a solid basis for the company’s development of a data-driven platform. From the current report, the company’s games generated $1,497 million, of which mobile games generated 1,452 million, or 97.01 per cent, and continued to move fast.
The net profit continues to grow, and future developments are interesting. Companies expect a net profit of between $570 million and $710 million in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
\triangleright has developed overall layouts. In July 17, company self-researching games, Hope: A New World, gained the first place on the Taiwan ios and Andre platforms on their first day online, outpacing last year’s performance of the Holy Land of the Devil, and the company’s ability to self-research continues to improve to boost growth.
On the one hand, recreation continues to consolidate market ownership in the formerly dominant provinces, with three-to-four-line city channels sinking, and on the other hand, the replication of business models across the country continues to expand the market ' s scope, thus increasing the overall Māori rate. Moreover, large-scale data analysis by companies based on group data, user systems, advertising systems, user referral systems, etc., will help companies to optimize, fine-tune and platform flows.
Profit projection and investment rating: the company ' s semi-annual performance is bright, considering that the company ' s game owners are in a healthy state, the \triangleright \triangleright \ Māori move rate is rapidly returning, the playing cards market is expanding and the platform, including grindr, Opra, 1 mobile
We give a “recommended” investment rating of 26, 21 and 17 times the dollar, 0.98 and 1.22 dollars.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and at the view of Zhou, who has studied it. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.