Performance is largely in line with expectations, and the game's inner and idle is on July 24th, 2017.
Zhang Luang Wei incident: The company published its semi-annual report for 2017, with an operating income of $1,737 million, compared to Wang Jianjin
The performance of the game business has improved and is largely in line with expectations. The company ' s revenue from the game business has increased by $1,497 million, or 42.71 per cent, and the Māori rate by 78.26 per cent, or 61.56 per cent; of this, income from mobile games is $1,452 million, representing the overall game.
97.01 per cent of business income, an increase of 50.02 per cent over the same period, benefits from a reduction in the share of free play and table and agent games, and significant increases in the Maori rate of hand-to-hand operations to the implementation of mobility, integration, agent precision strategies and continuity of play operations
Self-researching represents a breakthrough in dynamic users, life cycles and global currents performance; the proxy issues three global phenomena in Supercell, Sea Island Odds, Tribal Conflicts, and Tribal Conflicts: Royal Wars.
And the snails game, Tai Panda 2, Joolong's entertainment, The Six Dragons, 3d, Tian Ma's Time and Space, "The Wonder of the Nation" and so on, has a strong current; Hope: The New World came online on the first day of the day, and Taiwan's appstore and googleplay was first on the list.
In February, after a few days of fun and fun, the company's product structure was optimized, and the overall Maori rate was raised.
App total dau peaked at 3.9 million; recreation and the original medium-heaviness of the Cullen game complement each other, optimized the company's original game product structure and significantly increased the company's hand-away Maori ratio from 46.94 per cent in the same period last year to 78.38 per cent.
Five product matrices are driven by a shift towards big data-driven commercialization. Company Five One, Klon Wanvi (300,418): Development of one + cloth big product matrix, Klon game, recreation, 1 mobile, opra, grindr,
The game board, the performance harvest period, will all be the company's largest database, providing a solid basis for the company to move to a data-driven platform. The user system, the advertising system, is based on big group data.
Large-scale data analysis, such as user referral systems, will be more useful to companies in the production of product 2, Kunlenwanvi (300418): acquisition of grindr optimization, refinement of operation and platform flow realization.
The remaining 38.47 per cent of the stockholdings, the Solid Top International Trading and Content Platform, Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.