♪ wuxiapptec (603259ch) growthmomentumtoacceleratein2h22e buy (maintain)
1h22revenueofrimb17.8bn, at (previoustp)
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do it.
Incorporated 46% / 51%, actively, ofour2022 full-yearestimates.jillwu revenuegrothin 1h22wouldhavefurtharccleleratedby 7.2 pptsto 76% yoy
I don't know, and justnon-ifrsgmwouldhaveimprovedby 1.9 pptsyoyto 38.1% underconstantcurrenceexchangements.
Growthguidanceto 68-72% yoyfrom 65-70% yoyfor2022e, supportedbyits solidrm35bnbacklog (+76% yoy) in 1h22.interruptions, trivenbystronrowthbrombothcordandnon-covid
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but you're not going to be able to do it.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, it's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
From a 3% yoydeclinein 2021, thankstothesteadyincreaseinthenumbernumberforce of cgtpipeline projects, from57asofend-2021to67asof1h22.
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you.
12-mthpriceperformance method(i.e., platmidtransfection),wethinktessahasthepotentialto (rm)
603259chcomp (rebased) becomeagame-changeringlobalcgdmomarkett. expediedglobalizationpace.besidestheongoingconstructionsoflage-
We, wuxiapptec announdtofurthervesus$1.4bnnext10yearstauildful-suiter&d andmanufacturingcapabilitiesindicatingapole.singapoletswillcommence
It's not like you're going to have to go to school, but you're going to have to go to school, and you're going to have to go to school, and you're going to have to go to school, and then you're going to have to go to school, and then you're going to have to go to school, and you're going to have to go to school, and then you're going to have to go to school, and you're going to have to go to school, and you're going to have to go to school.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's gonna be the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform cm internationalglobalmarketslimited
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformationcontainedherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsofcmbigmoritsaffiliate(s) reportisnototandsouldnotbestruedanasanofforsolcitorsolicitationtobuyorsellarcityorseurityoranyinterestsecuritiesoriesorentorintoannitransaction.neithcmbignorrare agents, consensants, directors, officeresorpheyeshalbelelablefernans, dammageorestersewthsoever, whhetherectorconcrequenal, incurredindicatingoftheindingofthesomes.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) for sharing this report with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC).
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to help you.
I don't know, other people.anyu.s. recipientofthithreportwishingtoeffectanytransactiontobuyorsellseuritiesbesedontheforformation providedinthysportsoulddosoonlythrough forforcipientsofthisdoculiningapore thisreportististribuddinginsaporebycmbi(singapore)pte.liced (cmbismeg) (companyregn.no.201731928d), anexemptfincialadviserasdefininedinthenicial
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this, and we're going to have to do this.
And bisgat+65635044400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.