The new crown commercialization project boosted by the pharmaceutical biosg rating company.
The company is the leading global company in open capacity and technology platform for pharmaceutical and medical equipment development. To implement the concept of development of esg, the company’s multi-stock and fully-owned subsidiaries actively promote technological adaptation to introduce flexibility in high-waste treatment, and develop stricter waste management procedures for efficient waste managers.
In 2021, the company was rated aa by msci as having an environmental, social and governance rating of aa.
"According to work" (600843), "According to the depth of the company" (600843.sh): Relaunching of the cycle, excellent performance of the company in the semi-annual period, promising future growth of the medical integration.
Intelligent wave has come to an end, and the leader is in harvest. The company published its semi-annual report for 2022, which generated 17,760 million yuan in operating income for the second half of 2022, respectively for business, testing, biology, cell and gene therapy, and research and development services for new medicines in the country.
Ctdmo’s business model drives confidence that growth will continue to accelerate. The new crown commercialization project boosts the harvest, the chemical business can produce enough to benefit from the benefits of the new crowned small molecule commercialization project, and the 22h1 company chemical business continues to grow strongly.
Long-term income of $12.97 billion (an increase of 101.9 per cent over the same period); elimination of the new crown commercialization project, the company ' s revenues from chemical operations increased by 36.8 per cent over the same year, of which 1) small molecular drugs were found to have generated income of $3.50 billion, an increase of 36.5 per cent over the same period; 2) process R & D and production (d&m) generated revenue of $9.47 billion, the same amount.
Laboratory analysis and testing operations have grown strongly, with an increasing share of overseas receipts of 2,022h1 test operations earning 2,605 million yuan, or 23.62 per cent. Of this, laboratory analysis and testing services, clinical coro and smo have generated 1,890 million yuan (+34.63 per cent), respectively.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.