Medical Health Research Center 2022h1 performance growth, further upgraded year-round guidance. On July 21, Pharmacén Condé issued an update to the 2022 year-round performance target, which was previously announced.
2022H1 performed well, with high income profits. According to the announcement, the company expected 17,756 million yuan in business income, an increase of 68.52 per cent in the same year; 4,636 million yuan in net profit on maternity, an increase of 73.29 per cent in the same year; and 4,301 million yuan in net return on noon-ifrs, an increase in the same year.
Further upscaling the year-round guidance highlights the confidence to accelerate development. The company’s confidence to sustain accelerated growth, driven by its 2022 year-round income growth, ctdmo business model, will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
A platform-based, cxo-led, multi-operational and synergistic development drive.
The ctdmo business model allows for the development of new drugs on a one-stop basis. In addition, the company's business is well organized, 4. The industry needs are high, the quarterly reports are high-growth-medium, multi-business lines are growing together, and we focus on the company's small molecules, cdmo, pre-clinic cro, and so on.
Condé Quarterly Review, 2022.4.26 cgtcdmo plates have medium- and long-term high growth potential. Moreover, the domestic and foreign pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has a high profile and companies have fully filled their new and hand-held orders and are expected to outperform their expectations and continue to grow in the future.
Taking into account the high profile of the industry and the unique business model of the companiescrdmo and ctdmo, our new crown epidemic exacerbates risks, underperformance of orders, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, loss of nuclear technologists, ip protection risks, investment risks, exchange rate fluctuations, price increases for raw materials.
Risks, safe production and environmental risks. score, then averaged the final rating, used as average market investment