Strong income growth, advanced model-driven development Events: Pharmacy Condt published its semi-annual report in 2022. The company achieved business income of 17,756 million in 2022h1 to withstand the stress of the epidemic, with strong growth of q2 and an expected increase in the year.
\triangleright’s production at the Golden Hills and Outlying High Bridge plants, the company has responded positively and continues the trend of quarterly ring growth (except for the effects of the 2020 q1 epidemic) in the face of the prevailing adverse environment.
The crdmo and ctdmo business models are deep-seated and driven by industry demand and corporate development. Based on the current high level of characterization, companies have increased their annual income growth targets for 2022 from 65 to 70 per cent. Business efficiency has been optimized and profitability has increased slightly.
\triangleright \triangleright output utilization factored up the adjusted net profit growth rate of non-ifrs over the same period, while the company achieved a combined Māori rate of 36.25 per cent (-0.74 pp) and a parent rate of net interest during the reporting period
Low rates, ddsu turnover, etc., bring low combined Māori rates, but do not change the upward trend in net interest rates. Chemical plates have doubled, and multi-operational synergies have driven company development.
There have been good developments in each block, of which 1) chemical business: achieving income of 12.27 billion (year-on-year +101.9%), Māori rate of 41%, higher contribution of new crown orders to income, reasonable organization of productive capacity of companies and 36.8% increase of non-new crown orders. 2) test business: achieving income of 2.61 billion.
The Māori rate was 35.6 per cent (+23.6 per cent for the same year + 53 per cent, maintaining Asia-Pacific flagship status, achieving $720 million (+1.7 per cent for the same year) in the clinical cró+smo operation and being more affected by the epidemic; 3) Biobusiness: achieving 1.09 billion (+18.5 per cent for the same year), Māori 40.7 per cent, new
Molecular-type services continue to expand and become an important driving force; 4) cgt-cdmo operations: achieves 100 million; 5) ddsu operations: achieves 460 million (year-to-year 26.7 per cent), Māori 30.7 per cent, and the Department of Public Affairs takes the initiative to upgrade the portfolio, stretching research and development time, resulting in short-term fluctuations in revenue recognition.
The advanced model of crdmo&ctdmo drives the company to develop in a stable and resilient manner over the long term. The corporate corporate corporate model of crdmo and ctdmo is improving, with clients using multi-sector services contributing 15,744 million yuan (year-on-year-over-82%) over the reporting period, generating a high revenue of 88.7%.
They strongly appreciate the long-term development of companies in the context of the continuous upgrading of their business models, while at the same time the organization's new technology and configuration of new molecules provides a long-term imagination.
- Risk factors: increased risk of industry competition, reduced risk of demand for research and development in the pharmaceutical industry and outsourcing,
\triangleright Risks of national and international policy, loss of core technical staff, etc. \Swisp-Engin, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, worked clinically at ppc-hectare and paraexel in 2021, joining Sindari
Mr. Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
U-Hin, a member of the team, Shanghai Transport University's undergraduate and master's degree in biomedical engineering, joined the Sinda Portfolio in April 2022 and was responsible for medical instruments and parts of the medium-pharmacist research that were not, were not and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.