The epidemic continues to record a high rate of over-expected growth, with a prominent leader - the semi-annual performance forecast for 2022.
Q2 corporate performance under the epidemic is expected to continue at an over-expected high rate of 67.36%. The company’s high rate of growth in revenue maintenance has largely benefited from the company’s continued and strengthened integration of crdmo.
The company's long-term growth logic: 1) laboratory chemistry-led follow-up growth: laboratory chemistry is chemical.
In the early stages of pharmaceutical research and development, and as a powerful business for companies, companies were involved in customer research and development projects at an early stage, accompanied by a process of in-depth binding with clients and continuous follow-up of higher value-added orders. In addition, according to company announcements, chemical business projects were well-stocked (small molecular process R & D and production lines in 2021).
732 additional projects, of which commercialization increased by 14 projects by 50 per cent compared to the same year, and chemical operations are expected to sustain high growth with accelerated construction and production of plants. 2) New business contribution: companies continue to develop new and emerging technology platforms, expand teams to expand business needs and provide a full range of livelihoods
Material services and solutions, in 2022, company testing, bio-business revenues are expected to continue the growth momentum of recent years; the leakage effect of the ctdmo business project is beginning to show, and revenue growth is expected to outpace industry growth.
We believe that companies have ample orders, strong chemical operations, and strong growth, leading to high overall income growth, which we expect to grow at a rate of 66.3% over the year. With the project’s continued push and the expansion of the technology platform, the major business blocks are working together, and the long-term development is achievable.
Van & Securities & Medicines (603259.sh): Strong Chemical Business Growth, High Annual Income Growth & High Predictability 2022-05 & Securities & Medicines (603259.sh): Performance is positive
Van & Securities & Drugs (603259.sh): Performance forecast for 2020, strong growth, orderly expansion of productive capacity, long
Quarterly reviews, o3 performance acceleration, long-term development possibilities - The company is qualified to have portfolio investment advisory business approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business refers to institutions with relevant qualifications issued by regulatory authorities and their consultants providing portfolio investment information to portfolio investors or customers.
Activities that analyse, predict or recommend, and charge directly or indirectly for services, using data derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, which is clearly and accurately reflected in the present report and seeks to be independent, objective and objective.