The Center for Medical Health Research launched the 2022h Equity Awards Trust Scheme and the August 15th Company released the 2022h Equity Awards Trust Scheme (draft), which is intended for directors and supervisors.
The company buys H-shares in cash and does not exceed HK$2 billion to reward the trust program.
High Performance Growth 2022h1, June Shanghai Department of Personal Performance Review as an incentive (internal standards must be in place for b- and above; b- < 0) to motivate staff to move forward and help departments to achieve higher performance.
The high performance growth of 2022h1 is further refined in order to better align the interests of highly skilled and experienced personnel with those of the company in order to attract, motivate and retain talent and contribute to the firm's long-term development.
The company’s core competitiveness and growth potential are strong, and it is expected to continue to grow out of strong alpha.
The number of projects was 16 per cent, with a low number in terms of income; on large orders, the q2 performance guide was over-expected with the project spill. The q2 performance guide was over-intended - the steady sedimentation and advancement of the fight, and the three-phase and commercialization projects were enriched; and on the operational aspects of innovation, in particular, innovation, was enriched.
The positive progress made by oligo&peptide, on the one hand, maintains a high rate of growth in overall income growth (we expect that the H-plus programme will be launched and more than 100 per cent internationalized), and on the other hand, there are major commercial breakthroughs that effectively guarantee the sustainability of the future.
Industry demand continues to flourish, and companies have ample orders to ensure sustained performance growth. The new crown epidemic, both at home and abroad, increases risks, orders are not executed as much as expected, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, loss of nuclear technologists, ip protection risks, investment risks, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment