Operating steady under the epidemic, q2 performance is slightly higher than expected, and q2 is slightly higher than expected. According to the release data, 2022q2 is expected to reach battalion \triangleright
The company’s production at the Golden Hills and the Outer High Bridge plants, the company’s integration, by placing its personnel on the ground and internal transfers of orders, secures supply stability and achieves a slightly higher rate of revenue growth than the company’s previously anticipated business efficiency and a small increase in profitability.
The \triangleright business model is improving, operating efficiency is improving, productivity utilization is increasing, and the adjusted net profits are increasing faster than the income gains of the same period.
(+0.99 pp) There has been a small increase in corporate profitability, which is expected to increase the annual profitability. The company is a cdmo platform “multi-field, whole chain, integration, end-to-end.” In the short term, new crown orders ensure high performance growth; in the long run, the company's crdmo/ctdmo business model,
Cgt, polymeric acid, oligonaic acid, clinical coro, etc. provide long-term imagination. Risk factors: industry competition increases risks, research and development inputs in the pharmaceutical industry and the risk of falling demand for outsourcing, domestic and international policy risks, loss of core skilled personnel, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Stewardin, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University University, former clinical coro-work at ppcca and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 for research in the cxo industry, research services and small molecules in innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics from the University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. He was a researcher at the Minya Foundation in 2022, and was a researcher in the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.