q4 improved profitability, the red scale increased, high-end brands performed brightly, and high-end business grew at a significant rate.
In 23 years, the company's domestic and foreign operating fees were $221.115.9 billion, respectively: $16.11 billion in 23 years of operating income from the company's heating and air conditioning business, compared to Ion Sun-di.
The system and other manufacturing sectors generated $37.3 billion, compared to +24.49 per cent. A further breakdown of b. Operations shows that the company ' s new energy and industrial technology plates have generated $27.9 billion in 23 years, compared to 29 per cent, robotics and automated plates generated $31.1 billion, compared to +12 per cent, smart architecture.
In terms of brand performance, the two-end brand, Colmo & Toshiba, increased the cost and profitability of retail sales. 23 years of company Māori, 26.49 per cent.
+2.25 pct, Māori rate for domestic and foreign operations, 26.03 per cent/27.16 per cent, q4 gross, 23-year sales/management/R & D/financial cost ratios, respectively, are the same in terms of cost rates, although the rates have increased, and the Māori rate has increased significantly, resulting in 23 years of company return.
The net profit ratio of the mother is +0.47 pct to 9.06%, the net profit rate of the q4 company is + +0.47 pct to 9.06%, the net cash flow of the business activity is significantly higher, and the contractual liability shows a positive growth potential.
At the beginning of the period +42.54 per cent; at the end of the period, accounts receivable and notes totalled $38.407 billion, compared with the beginning of the period +16.40 per cent; and at the end of the period, Hale Jiist: the profitability of q3 continued to improve, with a total of $41.765 billion, compared with the beginning of the period +49.38 per cent, reflecting the potential for better future income growth.
Co-development of goods: Heil Jit: Strong growth in performance, overseas performance and a significant increase in net operating cash flows.
Cash shares are re-innovated and employee holdings are continuously tied to medium- and long-term benefits.
At the same time, the company launched a new edition of House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Staff-holding plan for participation in a weighted average annual net asset return of no less than 18 per cent, 26 and 27 years of weighted average net asset \triangleright
\triangleright has a double degree in & Management, which is less than expected.
New wealth in 2017, the third in 2017, the Golden Bulls Award, the Crystal Ball Award, 2019, the Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Spanish.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.