The ratio of optional car to car parts has been rising steadily, and the company's secondary growth curve has continued to be appreciated.
The rise was due to the effects of last year's epidemic and the loss of Sam. Business profits were 2,087 million, a significant increase of 78.22 per cent over the previous year, and net returns were 1,769 million, a significant increase over the previous year.
12 months maximum/minimum gain on exchange, net profit after exchange impact minus $447 million, q2 plus glass this year.
The loss of exchange represents a net profit of 1,013 million, a significant increase in comparison with +126.6%. Fukuyo’s quarterly report – a long-term increase compared to the long-term achievement of significant growth – takes into account the nature of its global operations, and the United States and Europe sam are doing better than ever before.
Growth logic unchanged - 2021/04/15 Glossy Glass (600660) Billion Dollars [Pacific Motors Team]; Sam Ring Loss.
The improved performance of Quality Glass-q4 is evident in the long-term growth of the Doo+ Quality Company - 2021/03/292 and the new cycle of the car glass, which continues to look at the company ' s Quadratic curve: car skyglasses from
Fukuyo Glass (60660) has been recognized by the industry since 2020 and has been widely promoted, with the company running a run in 2020.
S01, Future ec6, Long Anunit, Gillisingary, Gillicon, Geometric c. - 2020/10/29 with skyscreen glass; 2021 with more models like aionsplus configuration high-end
Electricity turns the sky, industry moves from simple glass to low-e, or colored, and unit prices keep rising. We expect 2022-2023 to be a skyscreen with a global reach and long-term look at changes in the car glass track. Companies keep pushing the steam.
The glass is moving towards “safe comfort, energy-efficient environment, beauty, intelligent integration” and is emerging from the traditional track to become a growth track. Investment advice: A global leader in car glass, taking into account industry profiles in the first and second quarters of the year.
South China sells Li Yinwen, the Academy, 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.