The year 2021 was marked by the mid-point review: the mid-2021 release of the glazing glass and the return of 11,543 million yuan in 2021 to the H1 company.
There has been a significant increase in the net profit from the 2021h1 crop and the return of mothers. In 2021, H1 achieved a recovery of 11,543 million yuan, or 42.14 per cent more than in the previous year, mainly as a result of the recovery in the automobile market and increased marketing by the company, mainly because of effective cost control, which led to a smaller increase in operating costs than income growth.
The management fee rate has improved significantly, and profitability has gradually increased. The company ' s management fee rate for H1 in 2021 was 8.95%, a decrease of 3.28 pct compared to the previous year, a small increase of 4.05%, and a marked improvement in the management rate. Moreover, the company has written off Fyo International and integrated the fysam apparel,
In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio of H1 companies was 40.61% in 2021, an increase of 4.87 ptt over the same period; net profit marketing promoted performance growth and R&D guaranteed long-term development.
Greater marketing efforts, on the one hand, and higher revenue, on the other, have resulted in higher freight and packaging costs. Companies are mainly expected to secure long-term growth by strengthening R & D project management, sustaining R & D inputs or contributing to technological upgrading and value addition of their products.
The share of high-value-added products continues to rise, and new business is expected to contribute to higher performance. Companies continue to promote changes in car and glass technology, moving towards “safe comfort, energy-efficient environment, beauty, intelligent integration”, skyscreen, insulation, sound insulation, upshow, radiance, anti-violet, water aversion, solar, solar.
The share of high-value-added products, such as modularization, continued to rise, rising by 2.64 percentage points in 2020 compared to 2019. In addition, in 2019, the company acquired German sam and moved into the aluminium apparel business, which is expected to contribute to higher performance as the process of resource consolidation progresses.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.