Three-quarter profit rings improved and business blocks steadily increased: the company published three-quarter reports in 2023, and the company achieved operating income of 1975.08 billion yuan, a 10.64 per cent decline in the previous three quarters, eliminating the income from the youth treasure relocation and the impairment of the assets of the drug Consinotti.
The impact of one-time special gains and losses, such as preparation, was $4.265 billion, or 8.57 per cent, in the first three quarters of the year; a net flow of operating cash flows of $2.302 billion, representing a significant increase over the same period last year - $159 million. Income growth slowed at 23q3 and profit rings improved at 64.916 million in the first quarter.
Dollars, 3.20 per cent growth in the same year, with a 2.26 per cent decline in the ring ratio; the slowdown in revenue growth in the single quarter, mainly due to a fall in the price of industrial monoliths and a 8.96 per cent decline in the income of industrial plates in the same year.
The reduction in movement has resulted in a 1.40 pct drop in the cost of single-quarter sales, and the cost has been controlled. The industrial sector is rich in R & D pipelines and breeds emerging pharmaceutical varieties. The 23q1-q3 industrial plate generated business income of $20.8 billion, an increase of 5.09 per cent. R & D pipelines continue to be rich, with 23q3 adding three new drug tubes.
Including two innovative lines of medication: 1) wst04 as an oral microecologically active agent for malignant physical tumours can significantly increase anti-cancer resistance of immunosuppressants; 2) 1035 as an digestion; received by the National Drug Control Service in September of that year; companies have autonomous intellectual property rights; and currently worldwide.
There are no such drugs on the market. The 23q1-q3 industry generated $7.472 billion, an increase of 16.51 per cent. The company promoted evidence-based medical research on six medium-sized drug varieties, including heart-breeding, bruising capsules, coronary nipples, octopus, stomach respirator, and silver aqualone ester, to further develop a large Chinese drug variety.
A steady increase in business performance and the creation of service platforms. The business block circulation business of 2301-03 achieved $17,7194 million, an increase of 14.17 per cent in the same year; retail business generated $6,532 million, an increase in the same amount.
The platform has already yielded initial results, with companies having successfully contracted 21 import-generation varieties in the last three quarters, with an increase of 21% in revenues from the sale of innovative tablets. Meanwhile, in the area of commercial science and technology, the company's Internet+ platform has recently completed 500 million yuan in round-trip financing.
Investment proposals: Shanghai medicine as a comprehensive, large pharmaceutical company with a business as a whole, the pharmaceutical industry has continued to grow in abundance, and the pharmaceutical business has seen steady growth in performance. We appreciate the potential of the country to deepen reforms, and, given the impact of asset impairments, we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2023-2025, respectively.
[Galaxy’s] Company Review _ Shanghai Medicine (601607.sh): Business China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.