Shanghai Medicine (601607) Pharmaceutical Organisms 3-quarter performance highlights resilience, innovative pipeline steps into harvest period, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published three-quarter reports in 2023. Three-quarter reports on the company’s revenue of 1975.10 billion won in the first three quarters of 2023 highlight its resilience. On the revenue side, the first three quarters of 2023, the company’s pharmaceutical circulation business achieved sales revenue of 20.8 billion yuan (+5.1%). On the profit side, in the first three quarters of 2023, due to the same period in the previous year.
(b) The impact of one-time special gains and losses, such as the reduction of the value of the Consiento ' s assets in the current stock-taking company, which realized a net profit of $3.8 billion (21.1 per cent) attributable to the shareholders of the listed company;
• Innovative pipelines enter the harvest period, with great market potential. By the end of 2023q3, three items of the new line had been innovative, namely, wst04 (an oral microecological active agent to be used for the treatment of late malignant body tumors, applications for clinical trials accepted by the National Drug Control Service in September 2023), and 1035 (one immunization).
In September of that year, the National Institute of Drug Control and Monitoring received two new varieties (two codes) from 2023q3 companies, which adopted a generic evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, increased the cumulative number of products approved for conformity evaluation to 55 (79 products – in October 2023, the health of the drug cloud completed 500 million yuan c rounds of financing).
The branding, which is centred on the innovation market outside the dispensary and is based on building capacity for specialized pharmaceutical services, works on innovative links between pharmaceutical companies, hospitals and patients, and has now built China ' s leading product of innovative drugs commercialized through a full-cycle service, 1. Shanghai Medicine (601607); and a steady increase in performance in the first quarter of the year.
Taiwan, this c-round of financing is co-financed by the Shanghai IRCF, the Industrial and Monetary Investment Fund, the Shanghai Biomedicine Fund, and the period of innovative R & D harvest will continue (2023-04-28), which is expected to open up the path to independent development and marketing in the future.
To accelerate the advance of the Cloud Sky Coalition (2023-04-02) Shanghai Medicine (601607); three-quarter performance is in line with expectations
Phases, innovation-driven acceleration of transformation (2022-11-02), scenario 1: Business plates. Industry concentration continues to increase as tape purchases, double-counting, etc., and scenario 2: Industrial plates. Industry plates are expected to move faster as innovation pipelines enter the harvest period.
We used the relative valuation method to assess the value of the company, selecting four pharmaceutical companies to be listed as comparable companies, with a nine-fold average of the pe used by four pharmaceutical companies listed in 2024. Considering that innovation in the company’s pharmaceutical industry was driven by steady growth.
Networking + “Pharma Commercial Science and Technology Platform,” maintaining a “buy-in” rating, table 2: Comparable corporate valuation tables No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained either as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.