On October 25th, Heung Swe medicine released its third quarter report for 2023. \triangleright's performance continued to improve in the first three quarters of 23 years, with q3 revenues and profits equal to the same and the ring rising. q3 public, 2023.
The \triangleright Division achieved a revenue of $5.845 billion, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period, and a Ring growth of 2.98 per cent; net profit to achieve a return to the mother maintained an increase in the return to the ring; and net profit to the company was realized by 23q3 under the pressure of anti-corruption medicine.
Research and development (R & D) continues to be invested, and sales rates improve. The company continues to be invested in R & D. The first three quarters of 2023 cost $5.409 billion, an increase of 4.78% over the previous three quarters.
Internationalization is continuing, and innovation is coming out of the sea. On October 17, 2023, Heung Swe's medicine was released, and an agreement was reached with the United States company elevasarthapetics to pay for the Kareli Pearl Monopoly project, which will be developed and traded worldwide, except in Great China and South Korea.
The city application has been accepted by the U.S. Food and Drug Surveillance Authority, and based on this cooperation, HUN will be expected to be successful.
Innovation-driven growth with continuous progress in research and development - 2023/08/24 2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) incident review: tslp up to $600 million in sales milestones and carret bill against annual net sales in licensed areas
In addition, on October 7, 20,2023, Henry's medicine announced an agreement with Dr. Reddy's da India to grant an exclusive licence for the commercialization of the development of Maratonic acid in the Indian region.
3. Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Incident Review: "Dr.reddy's" Heung Swe Medicine will receive a first payment of $3 million and a two-digit sales ratio of sales milestones and actual net sales of $152.5 million.
4. Heung Swe Pharmacy (600276.sh) Event Review: Innovative Medicines with deep diversity and long-term growth dynamics. Corporate Innovative Pharmacy Lines are deep and currently in \triangleright.
Research and development continues to materialize, with attention paid to health-care negotiations for the release of 2023 anti-sulfuric acid emasculants, pcsk9 applications for listing against the Ricasi monolith, which anticipates that companies will gradually enter the harvest period in areas such as self-exemption and metabolism, with sufficient long-term growth momentum.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.