On 4 November, the company issued an announcement on its 2023 employee holding plan (draft). This employee holding plan helps to further improve the cohesion and competitiveness of the workforce.
To develop sound corporate long-term incentives, to improve the sharing of benefits and risks between employees and all shareholders, to fully mobilize the motivation and creativity of employees, to attract and retain good managerial talent and cadres, and to further enhance staff cohesion and corporate competitiveness in order to promote long-term corporate ownership
Research Assistant: Xie Hung, Health Development, the company has developed this employee holding program.
This employee holding plan includes three performance indicators. This employee holding plan performance evaluation includes income from the sale of innovative medicines, the number of new molecular entities that have been approved, and the declaration and acquisition of innovative medicines.
The number of applications received (including new adaptive conditions) is three. Of these, the number of applications submitted and accepted (including new adaptive conditions) were six, five and four, respectively, for 2024-2026.
Research and development pipelines have also been widely laid out in the areas of self-immunisation, pain management, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, respiratory diseases, blood diseases, nervous system diseases, ophthalmology, etc., and are well stocked in the pipelines.
In August of this year, Heung Swe will grant onebio a remunerative licence to a self-researched and intellectual property shr-1905 project, and onebio will be granted exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize Shr-1905 on a global scale, except for the Great China.
The total amount of the tablet is $25 million, which includes a down payment of $21.5 million and a short-term milestone payment of $3.5 million after providing a certain number of samples for the first overseas clinical ii trial at Shr-1905. The first payments were based on Shr-1905 in the United States of America, Japan and the European countries that agreed to it.
A million dollars in research and development and sales milestones. In July of this year, the company submitted an application for a licence to inject a carried bead for a first line of anti-combined Apadaloni film for non-circumcision or transferable hepatocyte cancer treatment.
The company is a domestic leader in innovation medicine, and the process of internationalization has continued to accelerate, with a wealth of products guaranteeing future growth in the company's performance. The research on corporate investors is maintained only for risk levels not higher than “middle- and low-risk” levels, and “stable” investors are only for risk levels not higher than “medium-risk” levels.
The “positive” investors are only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle and high” risk, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively and to the extent that they know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not subject to management by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used this report to issue the report.