The process of internationalization continues to accelerate.
Current operating income of $17.014 billion, an increase of 6.70 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies
Corporate cost rates have further declined, and cash flows have improved. In the first three quarters of 2023, both company sales and R & D rates have declined, and M & D rates have increased as compared to the same. Net cash flows from operating activities have increased by 96.97 per cent over the same period, mainly due to vendors
The company’s internationalization process continued to accelerate. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company’s multi-drugs made progress overseas.
Permits for onebio, onebio, will gain exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize Shr-1905 globally, except in Greater China. The initial payment and recent milestones total $25 million, including a down payment of $21.5 million and the first overseas clinic for Shr-1905.
ii The recent milestone payment of $3.5 million after the pilot provided a certain number of samples., based on the first-ever net sales of Shr-1905 in the United States and Japan and the agreed European countries, respectively, onebio will pay a cumulative sum of up to $1,025 million to Heung Swe.
Research and development and sales milestones. In July this year, the company's application for a licence to inject a carried bead against a combined Apadaloni sulfonic acid for first-line treatment of patients with non-circumcision or transferable hepatocyte cancer was duly processed by fda.
The company is a leader in innovation in the country, and the process of internationalization continues to accelerate, with a rich product that guarantees future growth in the company's performance. The research on the company is maintained, the “positive” investor is suitable for use only at a level not higher than the “middle-risk” level, and the “radical” investor is suitable for use in our division's various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.