A steady growth in performance, innovation providing an endogenous dynamic -- three-quarter reviews of Heung Swe Medicine: 2023.10.25, with revenues of $17.014 billion in the first three quarters.
6.70 per cent long; net return to the mother is 3,474 million yuan, an increase of 9.47 per cent in the same year; net profit to the non-mother is achieved; corporate performance is maintained on a stable growth path under the burden of anti-corruption. On a quarterly basis, alone 03 was received $5,845 million, an increase of 2.24 per cent in the same year (q1 +0.25 per cent, q2 +19.51 per cent);
Performance continued to rise steadily, with corporate cash flows reaching $4.309 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 96.97 per cent over the same period last year. With high-intensity R & D investment, the results of corporate R & D have been rapidly transformed.
Innovative drugs of one type, two new drugs of one type of autonomous development and two new drugs of two types of co-operation were introduced into the market within the country’s relative depth of 300.
In the third quarter, applications for the listing of the company's 4-inventive products were processed for the treatment of strong straight spinal inflammitis, with flulium perli capsules used for the maintenance of late-stage upper ovarian, tubal or proto-peritoneal cancers.
The treatment, co-use of the silicone syrupine with the dimethyl dichlorium hydrochloride and the phosphate, for blood sugar control, and collaboration in the introduction of innovative lymphoric tablets for the treatment of patients with t-cell lymphoma (r/rptcl) who have relapsed and/or incurable ecstasy. 2) In the context of international cooperation, this year, the company achieved four innovative drug deliveries overseas.
In early October, the company issued a pay-per-per-cent license for the manufacture of the Malay acid caratinis.
Dudr.reddy's company, followed by $3 million in initial payments and up to $152.5 million in milestones. In August this year, the company awarded onebio to a tslp single counter-shr-1905 injection project, a package of the company's evaluation of [Galactic Medicines] Heung Swe Medicine (600276);
Investment proposals: considering the company's rich R & D pipelines, which will continue to be realized in the future, contributing to the increase in performance, we go to high growth, we go to harvest, I promise to present this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been in the past.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.