On October 17, 2023, the company announced that it would develop a new type of drug, pd-1, that it would develop autonomously.
Repressant Carrelei Jumbo (trade name: Erica) and Rivoceranib (domestic market price): $44.47 Apateni (trade name: 3.2) after the treatment of hepatic phantoms in society
Cancer (“combined therapy”) was granted to the United States company elevadarthapetutics on a reimbursable basis for exclusive rights developed and commercialized globally, except in the Greater Central China and South Korea.
Growth Tracks, 2023.8.19 Carrell Pearls are ahead in the number of approved adaptive and coating tumors, in collaboration with elevar, 2. Heung Swe Medicines: Equity Incentives to show the leadership confidence, innovation medicine
1 Carrill Wallows is a company-owned pd-1 protest, driven by long-term growth. 2023.8.1 was approved by Nmpa in May 2019 and is now on lung, liver, dietary, carcinomas.
3. " Heung Swe Medicines " : proposed stock buybacks for employee shareholding schemes, nine adaptives from five major tumors of nasal and lymphoma, leading the national production of pd-1 products for approved adaptive disorders and coating tumors. 2 Based on the terms of this agreement,
Carrellbills are listed for the first time in the United States, Japan and the agreed European countries, respectively, and the actual amount of net sales each year in the future will be paid by elevar to the company with a cumulative $600 million in sales milestones over and above a certain amount of net sales.
The signing of this agreement has helped to widen the foreign market against the Carrill Wallet, and is expected to further enhance corporate innovation brands and overseas performance.
The "double AIDS" combination of liver cancer adaptive fda has been approved, and hepatic cancer adaptive treatment has been effective for long-term survival.1 According to data published by Globocan 2020, hepatic cancer is the sixth highest cancer in the world, with a high mortality rate of 3, providing new and effective treatments for hepatic cancer patients.
In April 2021, Carreley Jewellery was awarded the U.S. fda orphan medication for non-circumcision or transferable hepatocyte cancer.
At the beginning of 2023, Nmpa approved a combination of inhibitors and small molecule anti-vascular-generation drugs for first-line treatment. In July 2023, the U.S. declared Fda for first-line treatment of liver cancer.
The main clinical research paper published in the leading international medical journal, The Lancet, shows that the combined "double AIDS" has a total median survival of 22.1 months for the treatment of late-stage liver cancer.
It is the treatment programme with the longest median total survival period in the critical study of end-of-life liver cancer first-line treatment for which data are currently available.
Risks of less than expected new drug research and development and commercial promotion, increased competition in the market, and an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.