During the first three quarters of 2023, companies achieved 17,014 million yuan in operating income, a year-on-year increase in the net profit of $3,360 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
10.13% longer. In the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved operating income of $5,845 million, which is a year-on-year increase.
Fog agent, which was added to the adult adaptive treatment in February 2023, currently no other right-wing methomic snort spray is on the market; in addition, the company has four innovative ndas, the Jak1 inhibitor shr0302 for treatment of strong straight ridges, flulium pap, etc.
With late ovarian cancer, maintenance treatment after treatment with platinum, chingles net and two accelerium and Rigretine combined treatment for type 2 diabetes and introduction of the product Limplice treatmentr/rptcl; with another bla officially accepted by fda, 18 drugs were approved for clinical treatment.
In August 2023, the company’s tslp countershr-1905 was delegated to onebio, inc.
On that day, the company authorized its exclusive right to develop and commercialize her 1/her2/her4 target to the Indian region of the drug martinis, and the company will receive 3 million innovative medicines to drive income growth and the internationalization strategy will progress steadily.
First dollar payments, up to $152.5 million in sales milestones and real annual net sales
The Rolling Stone Anti-Combined Treatment for Hepatic Cancer Adaptives is a global development in Greater China and outside Korea.
The company’s first international multi-centre iii clinical study (Careli Pearl vs. Apadeni for terminal liver cancer) has reached its main research endpoint.
The median survival of the patients after treatment (os) reached 22.1 months, the maximum total survival period for the current terminal liver-cell cancer first-line treatment. Currently, the califorbill-resistant bla has been officially accepted by the U.S. fda.
Medicines as the backbone of our innovative pharmaceutical enterprise, with sound and comprehensive design and product pipelines expected to continue.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.