The performance rate and the roe-leading industry, with the investment investment investment portfolio playing a significant role, were reported in the year 2020 by the China-China Investment, which achieved a revenue of $23,351 million in 2020, compared with the China-China-China Investment (60,1066).
Increased bond allocation drives investment expansion and doubles the return on investment. In 2020, the company invested in \triangleright.
The amount of $18.84 billion, or +46.8 per cent, is mainly due to the increase in the size of bond investment, the rapid pace of investment, the acceleration of innovation, the diversification of investment strategies, the further expansion of trading varieties, and the deployment of cross-border derivatives to meet client individualization and diversification needs in 2020.
The annual out-of-the-horizon option was added at $24,648 million, an increase of 25.01%, and the exchange of earnings was volatile and yielding better absolute returns. In solid transactions, companies invested more in debt instruments, with a 63% increase in the same size, maintaining a robust investment style, combining currents and all kinds of reproduction.
Production management positions are low and yield recovery gains are high; companies are qualified in foreign exchange operations, and a full-licensed business system has been put in place; during the reporting period, companies have continued to enrich the duration and type of products they receive autonomously, creating effective synergies with the brokering line and further raising brand visibility.
+381% of equity holdings, leading the market share. Corporate stock grabs took the lead in the transformation of the registration system, and five companies out of the top 10 ipos in equity financing in 2020, including exclusive fund-raising for the top 30 billion goldfish and the highest scale of venture board financing.
The 2020h1 rating of " Investing in Greater Accomplishment, Higher Prospective Growth " and the amount of money have risen to the top of the industry; 29 refinancing projects with an amount of 78,678 million yuan,
First, the number and size of corporate bond bearers is high, with a major charge of $121.2 billion, or 28.6% more than the previous year, and the firm’s investment portfolio is firmly ahead of the industry. Trading markets are growing, and the creation of funds to invest in brands is helping to transform the financial system.
In 2020, the stock base of the company was 12,93 trillion, i.e. 81.1 per cent of the year, the market share of the trading volume.
Itd 53 are the largest fares in the Beijing area, with a large and high-quality client base, downline.
It's an important way to service wealth management clients and upgrade their experiences, helping to raise the size of household assets. The company is upstream in the middle of a large bond market in moving forward with wealth management. As one of the first pilot fund lenders, the company has set up a fund's investment decision-making committee to look into investment, research and development.
Key elements such as wind control compliance were managed centrally, the Fund went online at the beginning of September with the brand "The Trek Butler" and a series of four or six strategies to meet the investment needs of a variety of clients. The management rate was slightly higher than the rate of 0.3-1.5 per cent for other pilot coupons, with 16.5 million clients contracted.
The remaining balance of 19.5 billion yuan, compared with 23.7 per cent, of the end-of-cycle equity operations, and the return of investment-type stock purchases are recommended: the firm's investment portfolio has a strong lead, is a full beneficiary of the reforms in the registration system, and it is determined that additional fund-raising will be invested mainly in a mix of investments, and that the expansion will drive further investment.
The company’s profitability industry is well advanced, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to increase, suggesting attention. Risk factors: tight monetary policy has led to a sharp decline in stock market transactions; and capital market reforms are not.
Wang Xing Dynasty, Master, Graduated from International Finance Studies at the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, has served as Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Business, and has been employed in China Xin Xinjiang Portfolio and China Censorship. In November 2019, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-banking financial researchers.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.