In the first half of 2023, the public authorities released semi-annual reports on the increase in domestic coal energy sources (601898.sh).
The ring fell by 34.6 per cent from a quarter; net profit after a single quarter cut was $4.618 billion, a decline in the same year; significant growth in coal production in the main industry mitigated the impact on performance of price fluctuations.
There has been a steady increase in the sale of coal, resulting in the production of 67.12 million tons of commercial coal, an increase of 13.3 per cent, tons of tons, an increase of 11.5 per cent, and coker sales of 5.72 million tons, an increase of 1.4 per cent, respectively. The increase in coal production is mainly due to the continued release of coal mines and nuclear capacity from the new sea.
Coal sales amounted to 76.2 million tons, an increase of 10.5%. The price of powered coal was affected by the downside of market prices, with the price of powered coal falling by 548 yuan per ton in the first half of the year, or by 13.8% in the same year.
The price of coal refined dropped by 19%; the price of coal refined dropped by 16.9% in the same year; the price of coal of merchandise sold by 624 yuan/tonne in the same year fell by 17%. The company's cost was better controlled in the first half of the year, to some extent to mitigate the impact on performance of the fall in coal prices.
285.17 yuan per ton, a 7.6 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in the company ' s average open-air mine stripping, with a 20.9 per cent reduction in the cost of coal materials per ton, while an increase in production had a punctuated effect, resulting in a 5.6 per cent decrease in the cost of ton labour and a 12.6 per cent decrease in the cost of coal maintenance.
The coal industry achieved business income of 93,523 million yuan, a fall of 8.2 per cent over the same period, by way of a volume supplement, and the growth and marketing structural advantage companies continued to perform with greater certainty at the lower stage of the market. Coalification industry production continued to grow, with lower prices leading to a narrowing of profit margins.
Sinda Securities Inc. achieved sales of 749,000 tons, a 3 per cent increase over the same period; urea achieved sales of 1,199,000 tons, with cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
This represents an increase of 5 per cent; Methanol, 971,000 tons, an increase of 7.1 per cent; ammonium nitrate, an increase of 7.1 per cent; and ammonium, an increase of 292,000 tons, or 33.3 per cent, in prices.
The combined sale price of polyolefins was 6903 yuan/ton, a 10.5 per cent decrease in the same year; the combined sale price of urea was 2484 yuan/tons, a 8.8 per cent decrease in the same year; the price of methanol was 1770 yuan/tons, a 7.8 per cent decrease in the same year; and the cumulative yield of the increase and the build-in capacity is expected to release production, with companies performing more productively.
\triangleright increased the production of coal in the first half of the year by 8 million tons, about half of which came from the sea coal mine. The company expects the sea to produce 15 million tons of coal this year, and 20 million tons in 2024.
In addition, in the first half of this year, the export of small coal mines, and the review of the production growth of 5 million tonnes per year in the Angéro mine were under way, and production is expected to be released gradually, as a result of improved production, replacement, and overhauling of the mine master plan.
The company’s reeds coal mines (2.4 million tons), the Ribo coal mines (4 million tons) are expected to start production in the right hand in 2025, and the company’s short- and medium-term performance is expected to grow. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: looking back at the coal market in the first half of the year, we believe that power coal prices are adjusted.
\triangleright is the normal practice of light season switching, with the current stock of the terminal power plants remaining at high daily consumption levels, the inventory continuing to deconduce, and the accumulation of chemical coal, which continues to grow at a higher level than in the last three years.
Coal demand in the second half of the year is still strongly supported by the price of the Association, and market prices are not subject to unilateral conditions. The high proportion of coal energy in China is expected to lead to robust and positive expectations, along with an orderly release of coal production.
We expect corporate valuation repairs to be enhanced with future valuations; we expect corporate risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; \triangleright
Uncertainty in the policies of the coal- and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc.
He has been the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association and has been in charge of research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has been in charge of research in the coal sector since 2019 and has been in charge of research in the coal sector for more than a hundred subjects of national research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Lei Chunzig, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Nanjing University, have been researching large energy sectors such as the securities economy and financial power, and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations at the Second Sub-Specific Company of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity, market-based reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, engaged in electricity industry, Xinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sindam voucher Research and Development Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.