Tribute International semi-annual review: High Re-innovation Performance for Strong Gold Prices Certificate: s132052409001, 2025, Shankin International published its semi-annual corporate report, with continued high levels of revenue and net profits
Increased storage and acquisition is driven by two wheels. Locke and Qinghai are the main producers of corporate gold resources, and the two major mining areas, while ensuring stable production, are constantly active in increasing deposits of prospecting, focusing on the net asset return (weighted) on the resource intake
In the first half of 2025, the eastern Anjin mine in the Black River region and the Great Chaidan mining area in the Qinghai region were built at a clear pace. According to the information reported in the newspaper, the plan for the construction of the mines is expected to be fully operational in the fourth quarter, with construction to be completed in the first half of 2027.
On June 20, 2025, the company issued an announcement officially launching foreign shares (h shares) and placing them on the Hong Kong joint exchange.
The Division's implementation of the internationalization strategy is another major attempt to help enterprises accelerate their overseas business development and consolidate their industrial position, while making better use of the advantages of international capital markets, optimizing capital formation, expanding access to diversified financing and further promoting the location of future high-quality resource mergers and acquisitions.
In July, the United States employment data dropped beyond expectations as an important event point for the Fed’s monetary policy adjustment. The US labor force, under the influence of a series of radical policies such as Trump’s tariff, immigration, government layoffs, and so forth, was evaluated in the first quarter of 2025.
Power markets are cooling rapidly, and economic fundamentals are shifting to low-speed. The 2024 report puts forward a sharp increase in value and profit, which is one of the most financially significant commodities, and the expected increase in interest rates and the marginal spread of liquidity will be expected to increase.
Gold prices are driven up again. And by historical patterns, they are usually preponderant to the Fed currency, policy adjustment nodes are formed, and in the precautionary interest-reduction cycle, the lead is usually 1-2 months.
The Fed’s independence has been eroded. We're in “Apocalypse gold: thick and thin, far away.”
It was suggested that the change in the Fed’s presidency was another key event point for the year’s allocation of gold. The early departure of the Fed’s Governor, Adriana Cougler, provided an opportunity for Trump to appoint a “shadow president.”
When a political appointment replaces central bank power, the impact on capital markets may trigger a widespread demand for market bailouts. Although non-farm employment data pre-empted in July, the impact of tariffs on economic fundamentals has been limited.
The Fed performs more proactive interest-reduction operations, i.e. preventive interest-reduction operations, which refer to the performance of the gold market in the last few rounds of pre-empted interest-reduction cycles, which are usually limited by the range of interest-reductions and the spread of cycles and increases in gold prices. The idea is that in a context where tariffs and geo-risk margins have eased, and the demand for risk avoidance has dwindled, the US Federal Reserve has been able to reduce interest-reduction rates.
The gold market lacks the rest of the upswing, and we judge that it is very difficult for gold prices to break past highs in the year. In the context of annual corporate performance, we give companies a higher rating.
On 18 August 2025, Shankin International published its semi-annual report, with a sustained increase in the size of its revenues and net profits. During the first half of 2025, the company achieved business income of $9,246 million, an increase of 42.14 per cent, and a net return of $1,596 million.
Figure 1 Increases in the same year-to-year growth in the size of corporate collections (millions)
In the first half of 2025, merchandise trade and alloys contributed to the company’s revenue, of which the commodity trade generated $5,517 billion.
For 59.67 per cent, the alloys realized a flat income of 2,986 million yuan, or 32.3 per cent, while the alloys business was the absolute core of the company ' s Māori contribution owing to the low interest rate of the merchandise trade business, generating a gross profit of 2,364 million yuan in the first half of 2025, or 85.27 per cent of the company ' s total Māori.
Figure 10 Synchronizes the scale of mineral gold sales (tons) and benefits from the upturn in gold prices, with a marked rise in the level of Maori in corporate alloy operations. In the first half of 2025, gold prices continued to be strong for 2024, with domestic and foreign gold prices rising again to record high levels.
Prices of mineral gold sales rose further from their high levels in 2024 to $724.8/g per unit value of mineral gold in the first half of 2025, which increased by 39.05 per cent over the same period, creating a new high in the last five years. Gold operations benefited from higher commodity prices, and gold sales prices increased significantly in figure 11 ($/g).
See the point: There's plenty of power in storage, there's steady progress in the priority work, there's deep drilling, and there's continuity of resources. Locke and Qinghai are the main producers of the company's gold-mining resources, and the Central Black River mines are the country's few high-grade, shallow buried mines, and the Great Zaydan mines are located in the precious metal-focused areas.
In the first half of 2025, prospecting at the edges of the Black River mine and at the depths of the Blue Dragon Trench mine in the Green Sea, with geological prospecting achieving 3.85 tons of additional gold metal and 5.79 grams of taste/tonne, was highly effective.
In the same month, it acquired the right of prospecting in the area of gold exploration and exploration of polymetallic mines in the Yuan province of Yunnan, in the area of the Guangxi dam, covering an area of 35.6 square kilometres; and in the same month acquired the right of prospecting in the area of gold and polymetallic mining exploration in the region of Yuanxi, covering an area of 20.38 square kilometres. The additional area of exploration is located in the vicinity of the company-owned Yunnan Man City gold mine, along with the gold reserves of the rich company.
The process of integrating the gold resources of Mang City has been accelerated, helping the gold mine to restart and optimize its development as soon as possible. Work is continuing on the resumption of the mine and approval of the 1.2 million tonnes/year gold mining project in Mang City.
2.2 On February 26, 2024, the company issued an announcement to buy an equity stock of approximately $368 million at $1.90 in cash through its wholly-owned subsidiary Heinnan Shenjir trading.
Canadian dollars, the core asset of the target company, is the twinhills gold mine in Namibia. The gold mine is located in central Namibiya, 150 km from the capital, Windhoek, and the mining rights were acquired in March 2023. According to the latest published report by Osino, the total ore reserves for the gold ore project are 64.5 million tons, and the metal volume is 66.86 tons, with an average taste.
For the lower, about 1.04 g/t, the company also has prospecting rights for the project ' s Northwest 130 company, which estimates the estimated gold inference amount of 27.99 tons, with an average taste of 1.13 g/t. According to the reported information, the mining plant construction plan is expected to be fully operational in the fourth quarter and in the first half of 2027.
The project is the first attempt by Mountain International to buy overseas mines to expand the distribution of overseas mineral resources beyond the existing domestic mining system. The acquisition of Osino, with the company's additional gold resources amounting to 127.2 tons, has achieved the strategic objective of fast access to quality resources, increasing the stock of gold resources, and further increasing gold production in the country.
In the context of the relatively limited availability of the remaining unexploited resources of metals, it is important to attempt to internationalize the route in order to ensure the continuity of the company ' s mineral resources and the continued upgrading of the industry.
On June 20, 2025, the company issued an announcement officially launching preparations for issuing shares (h shares) abroad and for joint postings in Hong Kong. This initiative is another major attempt by the company to implement the internationalization strategy, which can help businesses to accelerate overseas business development and strengthen their position in the industry, while making better use of the advantages of international capital markets.
3. Industry: take stock of four-quarter gold prices and look back at the strong gold market in the first half of 2025, and London’s spot gold reached its mid-year high in late April.
The gold is also one of the best-performing assets in the first half of 2025, driven by market volatility and geopolitical risks, and led by semi-annual gold revenues to major global asset varieties. Figure 132025 Review of gold prices in the first half of the year (United States dollars/ounces, dollars/grams)
In July, the US employment data went down above expectations as an important event node for the Fed’s monetary policy adjustment. In July, the number of non-farmers in the US increased by 73,000, far below the expected market value of 110,000, with an unemployment rate of 4.2%, and an increase of 0.1% in the ring.
19,000 people, or 133,000 to 14,000 people under repair in June. It shows that the United States labour market is cooling rapidly, and economic fundamentals are moving to low-speed, under the influence of a series of radical policies such as Trump government tariffs, immigration, government layoffs, etc.
Figure 15 shows a small increase in unemployment (%) and a significant increase in interest rate reduction is expected. According to data released by cmedwatch, the Fed ' s probability of reducing interest in September rose to 84.5 per cent after the release of non-farm data, a significant increase of 20 percentage points over the previous week, with expected interest reductions during the year.
As one of the most financially significant commodities, the expected rise in interest rates, and the marginal spread of liquidity, will drive gold prices back up. And, by historical law, their price grabs are usually ahead of the Fed’s monetary-policy adjustment nodes, where monetary-policy adjustments will be followed by tariff-fixed tariffs and become the primary logic of gold-market transactions, with gold prices expected to tremor.
The Federal Reserve’s independence has been eroded. As we put it in the book Gold in Red Peaks: A thick, thin, and far away, the change in the Fed’s chairmanship is another key event node for the year’s allocation of gold. The early departure of Federal Reserve Board member Adriana Coograd provides a chance for Trump to appoint a “shadow president.” According to data provided by Polymarket,
There are now more popular governance claims than Trump, and recent rhetoric has tended to push for more liberal monetary policy to cater for Trump’s interest-reduction needs. Weak employment data may further pressure Trump’s year-round Powell to push down the ground to ease domestic economic pressure, while undermining the Fed’s independence.
The potential change in the Fed’s Chairman’s candidacy could be another important event node for the second half of the year’s gold price. At the same time, we would suggest that, while non-farm employment data pre-empted in July, the impact of tariffs on economic fundamentals is yet to be felt.
Limited, the Fed performs more forward-looking interest-reduction operations, i.e., preventive interest-reduction operations, referring to past rounds of preventive interest-cycle gold market performance, which is limited by interest-reduction ranges and cycles, and often by limited increases in gold prices. And, against a background of lower tariff and geo-risk margins, and falling demand for risk avoidance, the gold market lacks the rest of the upper momentum.
It's hard to figure out how high gold prices are in the year ahead. 4. Profit forecasts versus investment proposals.
The priority works were not as fast as expected and the value of the gold was adjusted above expectations.