Revenue growth accelerated, and hand-back purchases highlighted development confidence events: company announcements announced that the company’s shares were to be repurchased in the form of a centralized competitive exchange.
Long-acting incentives inspire the dynamism of the workforce: this buyback funds will help to further improve the company ' s long-acting incentives for the workforce, while highlighting management ' s confidence in the company ' s long-term development prospects. As of 18 years ' q3 quarterly report, the company ' s book currency
The combined value of funds and property management amounted to approximately 4.3 billion (as of q3 property and q2 income growth is expected to offset post-cyclical concerns: the company ' s revenue grew by 38.8 per cent in the first three quarters, exceeding the previous forecast value of 35 per cent and exceeding the 37.1 per cent increase reported, effectively eliminating market-to-postcyclicality.
This cycle of information-based inputs in the erp industry is largely driven by technological upgrading and business upgrading, rather than by economic cycles, and is therefore very sustainable. In the first three quarters, companies were operating at a lower rate than the rate of growth, and the scale effect began to manifest itself. In the fourth quarter of 2017, net return was achieved in the first quarter of the quarter.
With a profit of $649 million, growth in the fourth quarter of 2018 is expected to continue at a higher rate, and net profits are expected to continue to be expected to go beyond the market for the year.
▪ The cloud performance indicators are positive, and nccloud publishes improved corporate cloud products: as of the third quarter of 18 years, 2, AYN (600588), income increases by 39% at the end of the year.
The company has published cloud products for large firms, nccloud, targeting clients ranging from growth-oriented groups to mega-groups to help.
They have made business innovations and management changes to digitalize, while achieving high-end areas 3, Friends Network (600588), which are reported to be replaced by national production. The company ' s cloud-based product system for large/medium/small businesses is once again complete.
A cloud development strategy for a significant reversal of losses and increased software and cloud operations.
Synergy of operations under the company’s eco-strategy. Market recognition of the target overseas company, transition, can be given to more than 10 times the amount of ps., corresponding to 18 years of revenue, which is now only 5.0 times the amount of ps. V. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board.