Friends Network (600588). Clouds are thick and thin, and businesses have peaked at hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 81.6 per cent over the same period, close to the bottom of the performance guidelines in 2018, and close to the ceiling of the performance guidelines for net profits.
(b) The decline in software operations was mainly due to the decline in the capital of the entity ' s operating environment, resulting from the deterioration of the business environment.
The impact of the decline and the higher base. But since this year, countries have been adopting a policy of tax cuts, adding a warmer capital market environment, and we look forward to the future of corporate gold and software operations.
• Corporate performance has grown steadily, with the firm saas market ranked first. Sub-operations show that in 2018, the company’s software business was raised by $5,579 million, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period, with payment services receiving $155 million, an increase of 81.8 per cent over the same period;
The investment in financial information services generated $1,088 million, an increase of 51.8% over the same period, and 851 million yuan for services (excluding the financial cloud), an increase of 108.0% over the same period. The public services services (excluding the financial cloud) continued to grow strongly.
Market reports for 2018 show that companies now outpace their domestic counterparts and are ranked first in the market position of the Chinese firm Saas. • Operating cash flows continue to be positive.
The net operating cash flow of the company continued to grow, mainly due to a 7.0 per cent decrease in accounts receivable from year to year, reaching $1.390 billion, while the amount received in advance increased by 26.3 per cent from year to year, to an exceptional case of capitalization of R & D expenditure, reflecting a more prudent accounting treatment by the company.
1) In terms of the state of the company ' s operations, there has been a steady increase in the company ' s data: the cumulative number of registered clients reached 4.6721 million in 2018, and the cumulative number of paid clients reached 36.19 million.
The cumulative number of clients paid by enterprises is 70,000, a 40% increase in the same year, and the rate of renewal reached 63.25%. The cumulative number of clients paid by micro-enterprises is 11.34 million, an increase of 27.5% in the same year.
In addition, in November 2018, the company launched ncc1oud for large enterprises to help large companies.
Industry has created a platform for digital business innovation. Corporate cloud business has now formed a perfect blackout for large, small and medium-sized enterprises.
For the first. Corporate cloud services, software, finance, etc. go hand in hand, business data are gradually improving, and we're looking at the company's 3.0 strategy. Keep the company's “prudentially recommended” rating.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because it is received by the recipient.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.