The cloud industry grew in size, the industrial Internet company model - the 2018 report was evaluated for achieving a net return profit of 612 million, an increase of 57.3 per cent from the same year and a net profit of 532 million from the same year.
81.6 per cent of net operating cash flows of $2,042 million, an increase of 42.8 per cent over the same period. Operations continued to grow rapidly and profitability continued to grow at a rate of 57.3 per cent over the same period.
Rapid growth led to the scaling up of cloud services, the growth of software efficiency, the development of financial services, and the sustained growth of cloud services in scale as a result of the 3.0 strategy, 18 years of cloud services revenue of $2,094 million, or 27 per cent of the company's operating income, including cloud platforms (paas),
At the end of the reporting period, there were 4.6721 million registered clients in cloud services, 36.19 million clients in pay-as-you-go businesses, an increase of 55% from late 2017, 18 years of cloud services, a significant increase in the scale of the company's operations, and a sustained focus on key markets.
Industrial Internet is in line with the trend, the branding of label companies is influential, and companies, working with local governments, actively promote and support industrial enterprises on cloud projects through the continuous deployment of industrial Internet by smart friends. Companies are involved in the construction of seven local government-led industrial Internet platforms, which are located in 18 areas.
This year's report on the work of the government re-emphasizes the importance of the industrial Internet and the continuous issuance of relevant documents by the Ministry of Industry and Communications.
The network is an important measure of the country ' s strategic transformation in the context of the current economic situation to strengthen industry, and companies have benefited significantly from the network ' s performance forecast for 2018 (600588).
Review: Cloud operations are growing rapidly, with a 3.0 strategic step in achievement The equity holdings available for distribution at the date of the distribution of profits in 2018 are based on each assessment to all shareholders: cloud operations continue to grow and performance in the previous three quarters is reversed
The industrial Internet landscape is expected to continue to improve in the broader context of the dynamic development of smart manufacturing, with companies benefiting significantly, companies operating under the same conditions as expected, and traditional software operating at a certain rate of pressure.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.