Corporate management is in a period of innovation, and high-end product release will boost the growth of cloud operations at an accelerated pace on 30st of 2019.
▪ The slowdown in software and financial operations has affected revenue growth, and cloud operations are still expected to double more than once.
Given the large environmental impact, we expect companies to take the initiative to slow the growth of their financial operations in order to reduce the risk. With software and finance using a pe-based valuation, there is little impact on corporate elasticity in valuation as a whole.
The purchase will help to further improve the company ' s long-term incentives for employees, stimulate staff and executives, and highlight management ' s confidence in the company ' s long-term development.
The top vice president, the five former senior vice presidents, is no longer in office, and with the new executive, we believe that the department is expected to innovate the management system, activate the organization, boost the team’s self-motivation, and enter a new phase of development.
On 18th, the cloud products of large companies were officially launched in support of private clouds, public confidence, 2019-01-02, with cloudy, exclusive cloud-flexible deployment patterns, to take up high-end market heights again through nccloud.
2. Friends Network (600588). Revenues and China works together to create autonomous and manageable national production solutions for the cloud. Middle-end markets, high companies, accelerate growth and expect to be higher than expected throughout the year.
The erpu8clud 3.0, based on the new architecture, is expected to be released in August this year, and u8clud3.0 is still targeting growth companies and supporting the public cloud department. The new product works together in the middle and high-end markets, and we expect the cloud business to reverse in the new year.
3. Friends Network (600588): Income continues to grow at a high level, with three-quarter single-quarter gains of 2018-10-18
Annual cloud revenues are expected to reach 2.1 billion, 31.5 billion market value according to 15 timesps, 35 billion market value for traditional soft and financial operations under the Pe method, corresponding to a combined market value of 66.5 billion. But the Ministry ' s valuation method ignores the synergies of operations under the company ' s eco-strategy, which we believe can be one.
Sets a premium, and the company has a fair market value of about $70 billion. Maintains the “buy-in” rating.