Photocapital uses a friend network (600588.sh) of Chinese-led corporate service providers.
Software Services Corporation, a Chinese-led business service provider, provides cloud services, software, and financial services.
Business income has increased at an average annual rate of 19.4 per cent, with 38.8 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018, as a result of improvements in the start-up of new businesses and income structure, the company’s revenues will continue to grow faster in the future. For the first time, they will be paid to ordinary stockholders (millions of shares):
The company was founded in 1988 and initially focused on the development and sale of financial software, and became China’s largest financial software company in 1991. In 1998, the company turned from financial software to management software, and released the first erp business management software u8.
Wang Wenjing also developed a series of high-end software management nc products to locate large companies in the consortium.
After the 2008 financial crisis, the company’s management software industry grew rapidly in 2009-2011. The 2012 European debt crisis triggered a wave of cross-national corporate layoffs, adding to China’s economic slowdown and the collapse of the company’s harvest.
In 2016, the public administration established three core lines of “software, cloud services, finance.” In the 30th anniversary of the company’s founding in 2018, business income grew by 38.8% in the first half of the year, and the business has entered a new trajectory of growth.
In August 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information issued a circular on the publication of the Guide to Promoting the Implementation of Clouds in Businesses (2018-2020), which states that by 2020, it will be able to compete for the production, operation, management and management of clouds.
China’s public cloud market will increase rapidly. According to China’s Institute of Information and Communications (CAI) data, in 2017, the Chinese public source: phillippolitics(hk)research
The cloud market level reached $26.480 billion, an increase of 55.7 per cent compared to 2016, and the demand for Internet companies continued to grow at a high rate, while the traditional industry accelerated its growth in the public cloud market, driving up the rapid growth in the public cloud market. In 2018-2021, China’s publicly owned cloud market will continue to grow at a high rate, with market levels projected to reach $90.26 billion by 2021, with annual growth in industry.
By the end of the third quarter of 2017, there were 3.93 million such clients.
The company’s cloud services industry accounts for 4.46 million registered customers, and the cloud services account for 4.46 million clients, source: company reports, philipsecuitiesest 32.45 million, up 39 per cent by the end of 2017.
The company’s cloud services industry focuses on the following areas, including cloud stands, cloudtops, domain clouds, industrial clouds, easy access to clouds, corporate financial clouds, and cloud markets. Cloud services revenue comes from: operating services revenue, applications, information and data services revenue, platform trading revenue, promoting the share of third-party suppliers’ services, and others.
Software services are the traditional business of companies.
To date, the company has become the largest provider of management software, erp software and services in Asia and the Pacific, and has also been a leading provider of health, financial, energy and other industry management software and services in China.
The main business model of the field is standard products and solutions for clients, specialized services (consultancy, IT system construction, support), operating services (business operations, applications, platforms, data bases, etc.). Income consists mainly of standard product approval, service income, etc. in 2018.
During the first half of the year, the company had 271.009 million software clients, including 29.29 million from large and medium-sized enterprises and 24.18 million from small and medium-sized businesses. In the third quarter of 2018, software had a real revenue of $32.2 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent.
In 2013, the company established the Beijing Jian Jian Jing payment technology company, and formed a team based on moving the Internet to pay. In 2016, the company did set up a "Yo-Yo 3.0 War."
In recent years, the financial services sector has continued to grow, and the user base has continued to grow. By the third quarter of 2018, the financial services sector has continued to grow.
The company pays up to $8.827.6 million, an increase of 51.9 per cent, and the Internet investment in information services, an increase of $867 million, an increase of 120.9 per cent.
(b) Up-to-date pay-in-services provide proxy, sub-payer and corresponding clearance services (including but not limited to Internet payments, quick payments, bulk payments, scavenging payments, clearances, etc.) that can be used by users to purchase goods and services through a smooth payment counter;
Internet investment services. The company’s controlling subsidiary, Shenzhen’s former maritime friendliness, has limited financial services, and the company provides Internet investment services to investors, borrowers, and borrowers.
In 2016, the company created three main instruments, namely, "software, cloud services, finance."
In recent years, the share of cloud and financial services has increased. With the opening of new businesses and improved income structures, the company’s revenues will continue to grow faster in the future.
We'll give the target for 2019 at $27.8. Cloud and financial revenues will continue to grow faster.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectlyontheabovequantivetaverteurnbands.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but you're not going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
philipsecuriteshasnotverifieedthesisforformationandnorepresentationorwartty, expressorimplied, istitehatsuchinforformationorreresearchsacurat, completeor verefiedorsouldberelieduponsuch. ansuchinforformationorresearchorresearchcontainedmentpublicispublicatsubjecttochangetochange.innoeventcycuriushalloveany responsibilitytomaintaintheinforformationorresearchaidaidabletosuplyananyformulations, updadesorreleaseasesincondicationsionsion_.innoeventwillwillphillphillphew.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
I mean, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know, sir'sdiscussion: philipsecuritiesdoesnoothavisvesvesmentbankingrelationshipshipwiththeelistedcorporationdirectionistinternationalinterstof 1% or more than the marketcapacitacitation.inadddition, noexecutivestaffuffofservicescicultierves asan officeofethelistedcorporation. availability
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
"pshk" believedtobeacturate.pshkdoesnotbetspoonbilityforany lossocosisdbyregionalplacesuponthecontentshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoreapployees)
I don't know what you're talking about.
philipsecuritiesptd philipcapitalmanagementsdnbhd rafflescitytower
b-3-6blockblevel3megavenueii, kualalumpur japan
Longkong philipcapialjapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
An exchangasticipantofthestockexchangeofhongkong nagata-chobldg., 8f, 2-4-3 nagata-cho,
11/Unitedcentre95queensway Hongkong China
Indonesia phillipfinancialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd ptphillipsecuritiesindonesia
Anztowervel23b, no 436hengfengroad, jljendsudirmankay33a
Greenchunit 604, jakarta 10220 - indonesia tailand
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
15thloor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance
♪ Bangkok 10500 ♪ unilandedkingdom uninvolved states ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
120 cannonstreet. the chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as
Cicago, l606004usa australia philipcapitalaustralia
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia