The cloud business grew fast, and the 3.0 strategy achieved a phased outcome.
The cloud business grew robustly, with high year-round performance expected. According to corporate announcements, the company accelerated the scale of cloud services operations on the basis of steady growth in software operations.
The rapid growth in the number of clients is evidence of cloud business development, and the strategy of 3.0 is beginning to yield results.
The cumulative number of registered clients and the cumulative number of paid clients of the cloud services business has increased by about 13.5 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of 2017; the number of clients of large and medium-sized enterprises has increased by the same 24 per cent, and the rate of renewal of the related business services is about 60 per cent.
In the area of industrial Internet, there is a pre-existing pre-eminence, the selection of the Ministry of Industry and Communications to upgrade the status of the industry, the acquisition of a large number of clients by both sides of the government and the pre-eminence of the industrial Internet sector.
Preliminary statistics, such as the Department's bulletin, indicate that the company has established strategic cooperation with at least one province and several cities, including Hubei, which is integrated into a directory of cloud service providers in several provinces and cities, and is expected to benefit in the future from specific policies such as the "Men of Enterprises on Clouds".
Large customers such as China, whose role as labels in large corporate cloud services is increasing. 3) At the end of the product, companies have a full range of solutions for large firms with cloud products, nccloud, and u8clud for growing firms, offering a variety of functions, such as marketing, involving industries, government, construction, medical care, etc., that will be in different sectors in the future.
Industry, horizontal expansion of different types of companies, or more income increases. In 2018, companies were selected for the Industrial Innovative Internet Development Project and the Industrial Internet Pilot Project of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, respectively.
On the basis of this, more policy gains are expected in the future, and companies, as leading companies in the field of industrial Internet, are expected to evaluate the continued growth of cloud operations, the reversal of performance in the last three quarters, equity incentives to maintain core staff stability and the importance of cloud operations growth.
Incentives were issued in three quarters, targeting 28 key employees. At the beginning of 2019, 2. Alumni Network (600588), semi-annual 2018: good cloud transformation indicators, double the rate of non-performance.
The 384.15 million shares, about 2.01% of total equity, are repurchased for the use of core employee equity incentives. Equity incentives help to create long-term incentives to maintain the stability of core teams and key personnel, and have important positive implications for the development of the cloud industry in the long term.
Companies are leading companies in the erp field, the cloud business as a whole is growing rapidly, and the industrial Internet landscape is expected to increase continuously, maintaining a “recommended” rating, in the larger context of the country’s vigorous development of smart manufacturing.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced or influenced by any third party.