The center-stage strategy of the cloud platform, with new mid- and high-end products coming out, will help accelerate the growth of cloud operations on 17 March 2019.
The growth of the cloud industry is still doubling, with a steady increase in R&D inputs. Overall, revenue grew by 21.4% over the same year, falling below the performance forecast, with net profit growth of 57.3% below the forecast ceiling, and financial cloud revenues of $851 million, a 108% increase, still multiplying; and financial operations.
Revenues of $1,274 million, an increase of 58.7 per cent over the previous year of the Māori rate of 69.95 per cent, a decrease of 1.48 pct from the previous year; Sales and management costs increased at a rate of 16.33 per cent and 19.64 per cent, respectively, lower than the rate of revenue growth, which was confirmed by the camp stopovers; net interest rates of 10.52 per cent, an increase of 1.69 pct over the previous year.
Increased R & D investment continues to lay the foundation for the potential for follow-up development. By the end of 18, the cumulative number of registered clients in companies’ services was 4.6721 million, the cumulative number of paid clients was 36.19 million, and accelerated the development of cloud platforms/centres and the release of new cloud products at the mid- and high-ends accelerated the growth of cloud operations.
Management into a period of innovation, high-end product dissemination Companies strengthen R & D of core products, speed up R & D of platforms/centres, promote the landing of friendly clouds in industries, and create a three-pronged new business suit for cloud services, financial services and software operations
In the country, the Soyun platform is the first to launch a three-point middle-level solution for socializing master data and operations/technology/data, with a contract for communications, tri-o-worker, green city, etc.:
Alumni Network (600588): Income Smart Clouds platform, in collaboration with local governments, has been involved in building seven local government-led industrial Internets to accelerate growth, with large buybacks highlighting development.
Platforms, access to 18 provincial “Industrial Internet and Corporate Clouds” service providers resource pools, Confidence 2019-01-02
3. Friends Network (600588). Income: 3,000 partners, 4500 eco-products and services, accelerated growth, expected to be higher than expected throughout the year.
Cloud-integrated products. Cloud products are officially released, erpu8cloud 3.0 is expected to be released in the second half of the year, and new products are co-emerging in mid-to-high-end markets to boost countercyclical growth in cloud operations. Annual cloud revenues are expected to reach $2.1 billion, with a market value of $42 billion based on 20 timesps, and traditional softness.
Financial operations are given a market value of $35 billion, equivalent to a market value of 77 billion, in accordance with the Pe-law. But the sector’s valuation method ignores the synergies of operations under the company’s eco-strategy, and we believe that a premium can be given for a company’s fair market value of about 80 billion.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board