• Friends Network (600588), Annual Report 2018, 21.4 per cent: Corporate cost controls are sound, profit rates are rising significantly, top performance is growing rapidly, and equity incentives are large enough to support long-term corporate sustainable development.
Traditional software and financial services are growing steadily throughout the year. Corporate traditional software is 8.7% and 54.9%, but it is not expected in the fourth quarter: the same research assistant: Rao Yunyan.
Industry IFIS operations have been more affected. It is expected that firm-related operations will continue to grow steadily as macroeconomics touch the bottom of luoyy1@csco.com.cn return.
Clouds show a bright performance, with revenue doubling over 18 years. Clouds earn $850 million, equivalent to 108 per cent, payers account for 36.19 million users, 55 per cent of the year, individual user value, and companies qualify for portfolio investment consulting.
During the reporting period, the company contracted the China Institute of Information and Communications to become the main force of the national planning enterprise, which is expected to show up as the national enterprise plans to move forward with its friend network (600588.sh) compared to its depth of 300.
“High R & D input + high cfo”, virtuous loops, sustainable development. 18 years of company history, 42.8%, firm investment in R & D, corporate service provider.
The development of the landscape has borne fruit, and companies are expected to continue to consolidate technical barriers, optimize industries in synergy, and achieve sustainable long-term virtuous development. More than ever.
High, some operations are more affected by short-term factors, with 18 years of below-predicted performance and, in accordance with the precautionary principle, we downgrade our rating to “enhancement”.
I, Leung Heemin, Loe Yunyan, hereby affirm that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my views on the above-mentioned industries, companies or their securities.
Best analysis of the consumer goods industry in the Asia-Pacific region (Hong Kong/continent) selected by the South China Morning Post/Starmine, Hong Kong