On 5 January, the company issued a repurchase notice to repurchase its shares in the form of a centralized competitive exchange, which it prepared to return after taking into account the company's business situation, financial position and development strategy.
The firm’s confidence is highlighted by the fact that the total amount of the repurchase is RMB and the amount of the repurchase money is intended to be used to boost the company’s confidence. The company is going to implement a repurchase of the RMB 1 billion stock, which will be used for the company’s late-bond cadre.
In 2018, the company introduced a stock options and restricted stock incentives scheme, giving 442.03 million restricted shares to 21 key employees. Performance appraisals at the firm level require: collection in 2016, three options and lockout periods.
The acquisition and equity incentive scheme has been re-launched to highlight shareholder confidence in the company’s fundamentals, and will step in to motivate management, improve business efficiency, and contribute to long-term corporate development. The advantages of software operations are evident, and cloud services are growing faster.
New strategies have been developed with cloud services, software, and financial services integrated development at the core, with $3.24 billion in corporate software revenues in the first three quarters of 2018, a year-on-year increase.
There are 324.5 million clients, an increase of 39 per cent from the end of 2017. Overall, the profits from the company’s current major business operations are mainly derived from the revenue from software operations: the volume of revenues from cloud services and customers are growing rapidly and are growing better. Business development is as expected, and it is expected that growth will continue in the fourth quarter of the year.
After the second quarter, the third quarter saw a return of profit and the single quarter realized a net return of profit of $27 million, compared with a loss of $196 million during the same period last year. Performance growth benefited from firm corporate implementation of the 30% strategy, cloud services, and more.
The overall performance of software services has been good and has grown steadily; on the other hand, companies have effectively controlled the growth of operating costs, both the cost of doing business and the cost of doing so have increased less than the income growth rate, and corporate governance has improved.
At the same time, the company announced that the president and president of the company, Wang Wenjing, had resigned from the post of president of the company and had continued to serve as chairman of the company and as a member of the relevant special committee of the board of directors.
Joined a friend for 19 years. He worked in R & D, implementation, pre-sale, branch general manager, director of product industry and client business, executive director, etc.