Since its inception, the company has been based on the production of circuit boards for R & D design and manufacturing.
For the printing of electricity for communications, communications equipment and cars, the increase of 18.81% is 18.72 million yuan, or 180.88%. Roadboards. Companies focus on the production of all kinds of printed circuit boards.
The performance forecast shows a net profit of between $440 million and $500 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, compared to the same 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium-high-level motor panels, and complemented by industrial equipment plates, etc., which can be used extensively.
Communications operations consist of several products and base station products.
In terms of office and industrial equipment, server direction 2019-08-29, the expected date of disclosure is reported. The company has yellow stones, silver insignia, and Quinsan.
The net interest rate for Yellowstone q2 is about 9 to 10 percent. The location of the microelectric power plant is for industrial markets. The Kunshan plant is planned to produce 2.2 million square metres per year, and actually more than 1 million squares per year, and it will be affected by environmental policies.
It's an important customer for electricity, and its demand has a huge impact on electricity. It's a 5-g base station at the beginning of the year, with a volume of 30,000, currently at 150,000, and a target of 500,000 at the end of the year, which means that this year's delivery is a continuous and accelerated process.
The share of 5g exports to China is higher than the share of 5g base station operations. The change in demand structure will require continued high levels of efficiency and financial growth in the East.
The company has, since its inception in 1992, been based on research and development design and production for the printing of circuit boards.
Communications equipment and the printing of circuit boards for cars. The company focuses on the production, sale and related after-sales services of various types of printed circuit boards. The company currently dominates 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium- and high-level motor panels, which are strongly supplemented by industrial equipment plates and can be widely applied in a variety of areas, such as telecommunication equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, microwave radio frequencies, etc.
In a fierce market competition, firms have developed a competitive advantage in terms of technology, quality, cost, brand, size, etc., leading the industry. In 2018 and the first half of 2019, the performance of companies rose sharply from year to year, as shown by performance in 2018: $5.497 billion in operating income, an increase of 18.81% in the same year.
A smooth expansion of revenue and a gradual decline in the fixed cost per unit share; (2) a gradual improvement in the product structure and an increase in the unit price of products, Māori performance rate by the first half of 2019: the semi-annual performance forecast for 2019 shows a net profit of between $440 million and $500 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which is the reason for the increase in performance reported in the previous semi-annual period of 2019: (1) a rapid growth in the communications market: (2) a significant increase in the first half of the year in the yellowstone plant: (3)
The product structure has been gradually improved, the unit price of the product has been raised, the Maori rate has been gradually increased; (4) the cost of internal sales has been reduced, and the loss of impairment of assets has been reduced 2. Base station occupancy versus upgrading and upgrading of the digital structure has contributed to the business transformation of the company. Base station: there is no clear percentage of business, but the ratio is increasing.
Corporate core products: antennas; pa (pcb electronics); backboards; ant (sky interface). Corporate business structure: compared to last year, the number of 5g base stations is small and 5g operations have a lot of content, such as engineering boards, mb, the company ' s basic structure of operations in 2019 did not occur.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the power share (002463): a substantial change in performance in the first half of 2019. Moreover, 4g and 5g base station products do not have clear boundaries, so much of the same equipment and spare parts are needed.
It's easy to judge, so it's not easy to divide. Number: 5g is expected to grow faster as a new product, and a small base is important. Market shares vary from one business to another, but the material used in the product is different. Some of the company's customers in this area do not change much, but make up for them.
The harvests have changed, leading to a change in their Māori ratio. Companies have been pursuing differentiated competition strategies, and companies are now following the industry’s top clients to make new and higher-end products in line with their R&D capabilities.
Automobiles: There are some differences between conventional and electric motor panels, but it is still to be considered whether it is necessary to make this distinction. Because new energy vehicles now account for less than half of the cars, but if they are to reach half, companies may make this distinction.
It doesn't make sense. The company is expected to make a distinction in the future as a result of the larger share of new energy cars.