The city continued to rise, and the fund foreclosures came out in the middle of 2025. The 2025h1 harvest was $6.856 billion, compared to 38.7 per cent.
Since q4 in 2024, capital market turnover has increased significantly, driving significant growth in corporate portfolio revenues, particularly in securities brokerage and blending, leading to a consistent increase in corporate overall performance. In addition, firms have continued to increase their bond investments in recent years, with returns on investment accounting for revenue.
At the end of the 2025h1, data show that its equity fund holdings are $383.8 billion, an increase of 10.0% from the beginning of the year, and a high share of non-goods funds.
56.8 per cent (approximately 50 per cent of the vs ant fund). At the end of the period, the company ' s total non-capital holdings were 675.3 billion yuan, more than 100 million yuan and +25.3 per cent of the year ' s total. The company ' s main clients were retail customers, which were less affected by the decline in surrogate rates and, with the warming of the market, the fund ' s surrogate rates were likely to decline or decrease gradually, while maintaining them on a larger scale.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Active Market Transactions, Flexible Performance Releases
The company holds the Eastern Wealth Network and Skyspace.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Increased share of brokering and higher return on investment - by many types of securities brokering, fund sales, blending, futures brokerage, asset management, investment, etc., Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Warming of securities, Repurchases
The company’s big model of “beautiful ideas” has been continuously upgraded, depending on the size of the user +ai technology + data reserves, or in areas such as investment, teaching, and research. The financial license plate is comprehensive, taking into account the growth of corporate brokerage and the growth of mixed markets, as well as foundations.
As a result of the gradual recovery of marketing operations, we maintain a “better than the big market” rating of the company.Figure 1: Eastern wealth operating income and its rate of increase (in billions of yuan) Figure 2: Eastern wealth operating income and rate of increase (in billions)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in Eastern wealth from mother to mother (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in Eastern wealth from single season (in billions) Figure 5: Share of income in Eastern wealth by type of business
Figure 6: Sub-grouped income of Eastern wealth portfolio, Figure 7: Base turnover of Eastern wealth stock and market share (in trillion yuan) Figure 8: Double balance of Eastern wealth and municipal share (in billions)
Figure 9: Trends in the weighted average root of Eastern wealth, Figure 10: Trends in the valuation of Eastern wealth Investment proposal: We have increased the average daily stock base transaction leave based on company data for the first half of the year and market performance
On the other hand, in view of the growth in corporate brokerage and the growing market share, and the gradual recovery of the fund’s sales operations, we maintain a “better than the big market” rating of the company. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author