Eastern Wealth (300059). Performance is growing rapidly, thinking about the development of an enabling business. Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) will be evaluated in its semi-annual report for 2025.
The capital market is gradually warming and corporate earnings are growing rapidly a share flow unit (million shares): as a series of policy initiatives continue to bear fruit, the built-in stability of our capital market has increased significantly.
The market is gradually warming. On the one hand, the turnover has increased significantly, and in the first half of 2025, the market value in circulation (millions) has increased:
The size of the investor base continued to expand, and by the end of June 2025, our equity operations had grown rapidly in net equity aggregates and the Fund had continued to improve. In the first half of 2025, revenues and net profits from Eastern wealth securities had increased rapidly, with assets.
Size, capital strength further: Brokerage stock base turnover of $16.03 trillion, smooth growth in brokering, credit operations, rapid growth in asset management: active marketing, approved securities, qualification for market transactions; accelerated development of securities research operations, high-quality talent, market
At the end of June, there were 161 public fund managers on the Sky Fund.
The report points out that performance has grown faster, that the “al+finance” war has become more comprehensive, and that the various scenarios have been applied.
In the first half of the year 2025, Ideas became fully integrated into the business lines of the enabling companies’ products. The company built on the base of its own design to achieve breakthroughs in key areas such as smart body construction, financial landscape application of innovation, and the growth of intelligent capabilities and intelligent user size. At the same time, Ideas are geared to the full range.
Market users are open and widely used in information, hospitality, self-selection, customer service, etc., to promote the growth of the financial industry on a larger scale. With the ability to think big models, the military has evolved.
A comprehensive upgrading of financial questions and answers has supported multiple layers of multi-source analysis, in-depth reflection and in-depth research. Companies are the scarcest Internet service platforms in the country, accompanied by healthy development of China's capital markets, the risk of industry and business being affected by the volatility of capital markets; Internet information transmission and trading systems.
(a) Risks of safe operation of the undisclosed sector: risk of increased competition in the sector: macroeconomic and industrial policy risks: Index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a punctuated 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the transfer subject of the agreement) or a three-board market index (for the transfer of the market) and the Northward benchmark index is a 50-point index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts