China Stone (600176.sh)
In 2016, China accounted for 32 per cent of China’s fibre-optic capacity and about 20 per cent of the world’s fibre-optic capacity.
13.4 - 16.8 dollars currently have three production bases in the interior, in Chengdu and Kyujiang, with Egypt, the United States of America and 17 production lines, with more than 60 per cent of medium- and high-end products, which have become the global backbone.
At the end of the supply chain, the production capacity is limited, the demand-side market space is huge, the climate is expected to continue, and the price of the fibre is high since mid-2017. At the end of the supply, the share price is subject to the ring relative to market performance (nearly 12 months).
At the end of the demand-side, the high penetration of high-end, high-fibre composite materials should be applied to a variety of areas, such as:
Construction materials, light-quantified alternatives to motor vehicles in the transport sector, high-end printing of circuit boards, wind power generation, etc., have huge market space and future growth opportunities.
Companies are committed to developing high-end products, transforming the structure of products, and increasing the share of high-end bobble-combined products. In recent years, companies have maintained high levels of R & D inputs, allowing them to own the industry’s first-class R & D power and the world’s first-class technology, and the continued increase in the share of high-end products has helped to overcome the industry’s procyclicality and cost-neutrality.
Mergers and acquisitions of Qingjiang Qingjiang, the world’s largest professional producer of piping and piping, and Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing, the gold-leaf-plating company. The construction of the resin production line downstream forms a diversification of the “brib + resin”
The expansion of production capacity has been accompanied by a “outward” strategy, and there is room for sustained growth in China's Great Stone (600176).
From 2018 to 2022, the company plans to add about 560,000 tons of new capacity (including 800 million square metres of electronics), approximating the Chinese Stone (600176).
The company has a proactive outreach strategy, currently with two production bases in Egypt, the United States, and a worldwide marketing network. At the end of 2018, the United States produced 80,000 tons of an alkaline-free fibre-cooled kiln line, which is expected to be set on fire in the first quarter of 1919, and will be the company’s first establishment in a developed country.
Production lines; the possible simultaneous integration of China's giant stones with Chinese materials technology is expected to further upgrade the product structure and increase the weight of high-end fibre-optic products, combining trade barriers, interest rate risks, raw materials and fuel prices and supply risks, interest rates and financial risks, in accordance with the 19th year 16-20 timespe.
The company is now actively expanding its production capacity and shifting to a product structure that will increase the share of smart production and high-end fibre-optic products Overseas markets: the United States, Europe’s overall economic recovery, and the growth of gdp in both regions was significantly higher than in 2014 and 2015.
In the United States, the housing market is looking to be better and the larger infrastructure needs to be repaired provide strong security for the needs of the bobby market abroad, and export upswings are expected to be higher than expected. The domestic market: in the structure of the bobble demand, the main applications of the fibres are still construction (China 34%; the world 32%).
Capital investment is expected to recover to around 10% in 2019, while real estate investment is expected to remain at about 5%, and demand for fibres is rising more steadily. Electronics (high end printed circuit boards), transport (lightly quantified automobiles), high end optics, such as wind, are the main applications, market space is much more promising, and global demand for fibres is likely to grow in the future with high end optic penetration.
1. The fibre-optics sector is a high barrier industry, and new entrants, owing to high investment and high technology content (high end fibres), make it difficult for firms to acquire core technology for the production of fibre-optics through technology transfer, make it more difficult for them to enter the industry, and large-scale pioneer enterprises
With greater competitiveness and a greater concentration of productive capacity concentrated in leading enterprises, there is a gradual increase in industrial concentration. 2. With environmental inspectors and industry ' s increasingly stringent access standards in recent years, some of the backward production capacity that is not in line with environmental requirements and access conditions will remain largely obsolete in the future. For example, the industry has about 10% of the world ' s production capacity.
In the case of kilns and silvicultures, which are among those requiring the elimination of capacity, small-scale enterprises are more affected than in the case of the peak period of industrial capacity expansion in 2007-2008. Thus, following the cold-renovation cycle, after 2015 the industry as a whole has adopted measures such as scale production, intelligent production, improved upstream and downstream industrial chains, and strengthened research and development capabilities.
In addition, companies are now actively restructuring their products and developing high-end markets, helping to overcome the industry’s cyclicality, four times the price, Maori, net profit-making capacity, and, if fully put into production, promising a new round of expansion of production capacity and a further increase in market share.
Assumption I: an increase in corporate production capacity in 2019 (United States line, 150,000 tons of annual fibreglass smart manufacturing lifeline project (phase I) and Xijiang Cold Repairs project) Assumption II: stable fibre optic prices in 2019 and 2020;
Assumption three: a steady increase in the share of high-end products in the company, leading to a steady increase in the Māori rate. 2. New lines of production in the company; 3. an increase in the share of high-end products;
Trade barriers risk, interest rate risk, raw materials and fuel prices and supply risk, interest rate and financial risk, policy risk (income tax preference policy), new production capacity less than the expected global leader in the fibre-optic industry from Zhejiang
China Giant Stone Co. Ltd., a core business in the fibreglass business of China Construction Materials Ltd., with its primary business in the production and sale of fibreglass and products, is one of the big listed companies whose new materials industry entered the capital market early in the year. In 1999, China ' s Great Stone was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Great Stone has become a leading industry business in good governance, strategic clarity, good assets, cultural excellence, management sophistication, technological sophistication, marketing networks, and a model of mixed ownership in the construction materials industry.
The company was co-sponsored in 1998 by China's New Building Materials (CG) Corporation, Zhejiang Qing Xinxiang Zhenshi Co. Ltd., Jiang So Young United Group Company and China's Construction Materials and Equipment Import & Export Corporation, Inc., to collect a set-up company, in which China's New Building Materials (CG) company was a precursor to the Chinese Construction Materials Group.
China Construction Materials and Equipment Import & Export Company is a fully-owned subsidiary of the China Construction Materials Group, with Zhejiang Qing Xinjiang Xinse's limited shares in private companies and Jiang So Young United Group companies as local collectives. The company operates fibreglass and its products mainly through the Giant Stone Group, with the company holding shareholders in China.
Building Materials Limited, with a share of 26.97%. The company has a 100% stake in the subsidiaries Giant and North New Technology Development, a 70% interest in the holding company Giant Stone USA, and a 32.04% interest in Guang Yongta Financial Leasing.
The company has 20.10 per cent of the shares.
• First in the country's productive capacity in 1994 • in 1996 the Giant Stone Group was formed, and in 1999 it was transformed into the China-Classified Giant Stone Group Ltd. • placed on the market in 1999
• In 2001, we began to consolidate our resources and concentrate our efforts on the development of the bovine industry, displacing unconnected businesses, forming branches in Jiangxi in 2002 and Chengdu in 2004 and marching into the regions of China, China and the Southwest.
• Changed from 2004 to “China Fibre Co. Ltd.” • In 2006, 10(8+2) Project Imaging Marks acquired first-class technology, catching up with the world's most advanced levels and expanding production capacity from a quantitative transformation to a qualitative transformation
• Production capacity has increased significantly, with the number one in Asia in 2005 and the world's number one in 2008 • building the first production line in Egypt's production base • 2014, renamed the “China Stone”
• Improvement of product quality, electronic layout, electronic veil line with emphasis on deep-processed fibre optics
• Building production bases in the United States in 2017, becoming the first developed country production line in the world, with a steady increase in income from Zhejiang, Jiangxi Qijiang, Sichuan Chengdu, Suez, Egypt, and Nanka, United States of America.
China is also the world’s largest producer. With the expansion of production capacity, corporate revenues have risen steadily over the years, reaching a gross operating income of $4 billion in 2008.
It's the head of the country's bobble-out, and through the “go-out” strategy, the company's main business income comes mainly from two markets, domestic and overseas, and exports account for about 50% of the principal business income. The company's products are sold overseas, mainly in South Africa, South Korea, Italy, Spain, Spain.
14 countries and territories, including France, Canada, India, Singapore, Japan, the United States and Hong Kong, covering North America, Europe, Africa and South-East Asia.
The company has a wide range of products and a full range of products, with more than 100 large categories of nearly 1,000 specifications, consisting mainly of products such as alkaline fibreless fibres, uncoated coatings, short-cut wires, short cuts, square-coated fabrics, electronic fabrics, etc.
Fibres are growing in scope and demand is growing, and the fibres are mainly used as boosters.
The inorganic non-metal materials that are manufactured with excellent performance are insulated, heat-resistant, corrosive, mechanical, high-intensity advantages, but also have weaknesses such as brittle and less grinding resistance. Glass fibres are often used as augmenting materials in composites, electrical insulation and thermal insulation materials, circuit boards, etc.
The main raw materials upstream of the bovine industry are flasks, quartz, limestone, etc., and fuel and power are natural gas and electricity.
On the industrial chain, the fibre-optic industry has developed three main links and is interconnected; in terms of the use of the products, the fibres consist of the following types of products: (1), thermal solidity enhancement base material, which can be used to satisfy wind-based fibres: (2), thermal plastic-enhanced base material, such as short-cut fibres, mixed veils, long-fibre enhancement material (lft), etc.
Fibre booster material: 3, asphalt reinforced material: 4, and fabrics of the bobble industry. Of this, the booster material accounted for about 70-75 per cent: textile materials accounted for about 25-35 per cent.
The fibreglass is mainly based on two main processes, thiras and cylindrical zip, and the current cylindrical lascillation is the main essential process for the production of fibres, which are made from the melting of raw materials, such as flask, stone and limestone, into glass solutions in kilns, the removal of bubbles and the transport of up-to-the-hospital kiln leaks through the air bubbles, and the high-speed pull-up into glass silk.
The fibre veil is about 90% of total production, and the fluorescent fabric industry is known for its simple, efficient, high-yielding, energy-efficient, high-performance advantages compared to the thiras.
In recent years, there has been a significant decline in the number of enterprises producing platinum fibres, especially in the large-scale production of platinum fibres.
This phase-out has been completed. In addition, with the upgrading of industrial production technology and restructuring of products, some of the existing production-line processes, such as the normal alkaliless glassball and dilis production process, the medium-alkali fibre-cylinder-cylinder-cylinder production process, and the small-cylinder-cylinder-cylinder production process, have gradually lost their competitive advantage.
In 2016, China’s fibreglass demand structure accounted for the largest share of buildings (34%), with sub-electronics (21%), the rest being transport, cans, industrial applications, environmentally friendly energy, etc. The global fibre demand structure also has the lead in buildings, followed by transport, industrial applications, electronics, etc.
According to data from industry associations, enterprises above the size of the fibre-optic industry achieved major operating income of approximately $172.5 billion in 2016, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the same period; total profits of $11.86 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, and fibres.
Total profits: China is the world ' s largest producer of fibre-clothed products, accounting for 60 per cent of global production and production. In 2016, the country produced about 3.8 million tons, or 60 per cent of global total capacity, and in almost three years, China ' s fibre-optic capacity.
The average compound growth rate was 6.65 per cent, compared to 1.70 per cent per annum for global capacity, and the country ' s production of fibres increased from 950,000 tons in 2005 to 3.62 million tons in 2016, reaching an average compound growth rate of 12 per cent per year, compared with an average of 5 per cent per year for global production.
In contrast to the growth in global fibreglass production in China, the industry has an oligopoly pattern, with the fibre-optic industry concentrated on the front end of the fabric, and the back of the fabric, both in the global and domestic markets.
The top six suppliers are largely in control of the supply of front-end products, and large-scale companies have a greater competitive advantage in terms of production costs and bargaining power. Domestically, China’s Great Stones, Tarzan Fibres, and Chongqing are the three largest players in the country’s fibre-optic industry.
About 64 per cent of the country's fibre-optic capacity, combined with Shandong fibre, Sichuan Weibo and Long Sea shares, and the top six domestic suppliers' capacity at the end of the demand: higher penetration of high-end compound material benefiting, global demand for fibre-optics will continue to grow by 4.5 per cent over the next five years.
With composite materials used in various applications, the outlook for fibreglass composites is good, with a global fibre value of $9.3 billion in 2022 ($6.5 billion in 2016) and a compound annual growth rate from 2016, with domestic capital investment and real estate still growing.
Although the growth rate of fixed asset investment is still declining, it has remained positive, and in the visible three to five years, we believe that it will continue to grow, while, according to the analysis in our annual strategy report, capital growth is expected to remain double-digit in 2018 and real estate investment is expected to continue.
In terms of the prevalence of fibre-optic products in buildings, European fibre-optic buildings account for more than 50 per cent of the total volume of building water-resistant materials, up to 80 per cent in the United States, and less than 30 per cent in our country; the fibres can also be used in the construction of gypsums, which have a strong, flood-proof, fire-proof, etc. performance advantage over traditional paper, and have great potential for growth in the future.
In the area of transport, the benefits will be lightly quantified in terms of car efficiency reductions and the spread of new energy vehicles in recent years, which have become a necessary trend, mainly in terms of the optimal design of cars, alloy materials and non-metal materials applications, which in turn will be light in terms of automobiles.
Quantified reductions of 10-15%, 30% to 40%, 45% to 55%, and fibreglass composites and carbon fibre composites will be important alternatives to traditional metal materials.
And it's good for grinding, heat-resistant, corrosion-resistant, sex-priced car parts like car bumps, floors, air vents, etc. But we're currently using only 8-12% of the composites on the whole car, well below 20-30% abroad.
Ratio. In the light of the light quantitative trend in automobiles, it is expected that future fibre optic enhancement plastics will be used for a larger number of car parts, and that the market will continue to have more room for demand growth, as predicted by the fibreglass composites information network: assuming that by 2020 we will have 23 million cars and 1.5 tons of bicycles, the total weight of cars will be 34.5 million tons, with modified plastics as a percentage of the total vehicle mass.
Up to 16%, the market price for plastics was 18,000 tonnes, assuming that the fibre-optic material accounted for about 50% of the plastics, and that the fibre-optic composite material had a market space of 49,680 million yuan in domestic automobiles. The electronic veil benefited the global pcb industry’s ongoing transfer to China.
High-end electronic fibre veils play an important role in the manufacture of electronics, and are one of the main raw materials of the coated sheet, which is an enhanced material, such as pulp paper or fabric, immersed in resins, single- or double-faced in bronze, a product made with heat pressure. The coated sheet is a product that is primarily used for the processing and manufacture of printed circuit boards (pcb), which are widely used in pcb.
Electronics such as televisions, radios, computers, computers, mobile communications. The highest cost of pcb raw materials, about 35%, and the electronic cortex, 25-40% of the cost.pcb should also be used for work, in addition to product demand in the traditional electronics industry (e.g., consumer computers, computers, communications, etc.).
Industrial automation controls, medical instruments, smart cars, aerospace, etc. In recent years, market demand for electronic fibre-optic products has shown high-end and sustained growth as industrial enterprises have increased their levels of automation and intelligence, vehicle light quantification and household intelligence.
Figure 21: Pcb downstream applications — Communication — Consumer Electronics — Automobile Electronics — Engineering & Control — Aerospace — Enveloped Base Sheets, Global pcb Industry has continued to move value chains to China over the past 10 years, and China's ratio of pcb production
It continues to rise, with China accounting for 46% of global output in 2015, and is ranked first in the world and maintaining an average annual compound rate of growth of about 3.1% or more. According to the China Industrial Information Network, by 2020, China’s pcb market occupied the distribution of global pcb output in 2015
In order to encourage the development of the printed circuit board industry, industrial policies such as the latest War of 2017 have been introduced.
The Directory of Guidance on Goods and Services in Selected and Emerging Industries, which lists high-end printed circuit boards as core industry guides, and the Directory of Guidance on Foreign Investment Industries, published in June 2017 (revised 2017), which includes high-density interconnection layers, multi-layered boards, scratched printed circuit boards and seal boards, among the catalogues encouraging foreign investment industries.
Wind power also has space for development. Glass fibres have superior enhancement effects, light weight, etc., and are a good material for making glass and steel blades and machine masks for wind power equipment.
Wind energy has expanded rapidly in recent years as one of the major clean energy sources, increasing global installed capacity from 197637 kilowatts in 2010 to 486.79 kilowatts in 2016, with a seven-year complex growth rate of 17%. China’s installed capacity has increased from 447333 kilowatts in 2010 to 16873.2 kilowatts in 2016, with a seven-year composite growth rate of 31%.
In addition to the additional 11 million kilowatts of wind power project per year (excluding the red alert provinces), the size of the ultra-high-pressure base package, decentralized wind power and offshore wind power is not limited and can contribute to an additional increase.
In the short term, the concentration of wind power in the red warning provinces has been compressed, and decentralized wind power has some potential for development by helping to address the energy losses associated with long distances. The capacity of offshore wind power has grown significantly since 2016, with China ' s sea wind power adding 0.59 million in 2016.
According to the results of the China Meteorological Service ' s wind resource survey, within 5 to 25 metres of the country ' s deep water line, within 50 metres of the offshore area and above sea level, wind can be installed at a capacity of about 200 million kWh, and offshore wind power is developed at a capacity of 12 million kW in size and 10 million kW in decentralized wind power.
The average load between 2018 and 2020 is more than 25-30 million kilowatts, taking into account the rate of loss. At the end of the supply: the growth of new capacity is concentrated in leading enterprises, and there is room for the elimination of backward capacity.
The fibre-optic investment has a large financial threshold, and the average fibre-share and coil-cryllium lascifer production lines are 30,000 tonnes/year and over 50,000 tonnes/year, respectively. And the investment per ton of production lines is around 130 million yuan, with small- and medium-sized enterprise construction plus complementary funding of about 8-1 billion yuan left.
On the right, financial barriers are evident: they are produced in large quantities of small varieties and in ways that correspond to large-scale intensification of production management: back-end fibre products and fibre-optic composites are technology-intensive, and the fragmentation of downstream application markets makes production often a small, multiplicity of varieties suitable for specialized and fine-tuned production management.
Stricter conditions of access in the fibre-optics industry The fibre-clothing industry is subject to industrial policy, financial and technical thresholds, etc., and has not resulted in significant changes in the conditions of access in the fibreglass industry (2012 Revision) and the management of the fibreglass industry ' s access bulletin issued in the course of the year.
The adoption of three framework documents, which have led to the active and healthy implementation of effective production control and optimization, has contributed significantly to the upgrading of the technical equipment of key enterprises, the upgrading of production management, the enhancement of the capacity to apply and expand innovation, and the strengthening of self-regulation.
Industry oligopoly patterns, and relative restraint in the rate of expansion of production capacity, have led to a significant increase in the country’s three largest producers in recent years, owing to the oligopolistic pattern of industry and high financial and technological barriers. Overall, the growth of production capacity has been limited owing to the relative restraint of leading firms in the expansion of production capacity.
According to the Directory of Industrial Structural Adjustment Guidance (2011 edition) (revised 2013), equipment in the fibre-combined materials industry for the definitive phase-out of backward production processes includes “Technology-glass fibre-wire production processes and equipment”, which includes the following:
According to the Trades Association, in 2016, in the fibre-optic industry, the proportion of production capacity in the kiln is about 90 per cent, while in the relatively backward kilns and molluscs it still accounts for about 10 per cent, and it is among those that need to be phased out.
China's Great Stone is a world-class bobblehead with global core competitiveness, and the company has the industry's single largest R & D power, and China's Great Stone has the industry's unmatched competitiveness in technology R & D and innovation.
A number of research and development institutions, such as the Enterprise Technology Centre at the household level, post-doctoral research workstations, the National Cnas Accreditation and Testing Centre, and the Focused Fibre Research Laboratory in Zhejiang Province, have helped to promote greater autonomy and innovation in companies and have been instrumental in upgrading the qualifications of enterprises, improving core competitiveness, expanding the domestic and foreign markets and doing good.
And the company has focused heavily on transforming technology into productivity, and has for more than 20 years gradually acquired core technology such as its own glass formulation technology, leachate technology, pure oxygen combustion technology, big leakboard technology, etc.
National Science and Technology Progress Second Prize National Technology Innovation Demonstration Enterprise National Advanced Technology Enterprise
State-recognized Enterprise Technology Centre National Intellectual Property Proficiency Enterprise China Research and Research Co-innovation Award
The company has at its disposal a core set of technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights and world-class standards, such as the “Balinless Pools, Crymson Line Full-Technology”, the “Technology of the Medium-Balkilk Cylinder Line”, and the “Bio-Crymium Cylinder Cray Production Technology”
The company's own-owned production line of 120,000 tons of unalkali-based kilns is currently the largest single-base-free kiln production line in the world. The company's autonomous production of e6\e8 fibres is highly recognized by its clients.
High-performance e7 and e8 fibre formula products developed by companies with full ownership of intellectual property rights are highly recognized by clients and are in the forefront of the industry.
High-end fibreglass is a growing industry that helps to maintain income stability. The company’s core high-end products are e6, e7 high-performance fibreglass fibres, e8 high-modulus fibres, with full and autonomous intellectual property rights, and have significantly improved physical performance, corrosion tolerance, and energy conservation and environmental protection compared to the traditional e-optics. e8 fibres have levels of e7 and s.
High-performance fibreglass with higher modelling and resistance to fatigue and stable and efficient kiln production. The unique advantage of e6\e7,e8 is that it has a elastic model of 95gpa, a soft spot temperature of about 930°C, which is higher than e7 and maintains an excellent electro-insulation performance of e6 and is therefore more suitable for wind power, high pressure, high temperature resistance.
Special areas: while using unique glass formulations, e8 has significantly increased its corrosion resistance in a variety of environments, particularly in acidic environments, e8 is applicable to areas with special environmental requirements, such as chemical preservation, desalination of sea water: with high e8 performance, the mechanics of composite materials, size stability, resistance to fatigue
e8 has excellent mechanical properties, greater mechanics, size stability, resistance to fatigue, etc., to meet higher design requirements and use environments for composite materials. In the case of wind blades, e8 fibreglasses give the same design a higher volume of wind blades, reduce the degree of distortion of leaves in the same wind condition and further reduce the amount of leaf blades.
Weight; at the same time, enabling leaf manufacturers to produce foliage-type, more resistant and more adaptive wind blades that not only reduce the unit cost of generating electricity, but also further increase the adaptiveness and useful life of the foliage.
Because of the competitive power of high-end products of the company, the market for high-end fibre-optic products in wind power has increased rapidly. In 2016, it was reported that China ' s market for wind-optic products has developed upstream and downstream in an integrated manner, enhancing the voice of the industry.
Upstream: M & A control of core raw materials and critical equipment The fibre-optic industry is more dependent on feralds, China’s fray mines are located in Fujian and Zhejiang provinces, and the company’s output is concentrated in the rich Zhejiang.
In order to reduce the cost of raw materials, improve future use of leakboards and increase the capacity for upstream/downstream synergistic innovation, in 2012 the Department acquired 75 per cent of the shares of the Qinjiang and Qingjiangjiang at a cost of $750 million, and in 2013 the remaining 25 per cent at a cost of $250 million, the world ' s largest professional production of the single largest company for the production of filamentary paste.
In 2016, the company launched a project to expand its annual production of 600,000 tons of lasagna-based mills, which was officially launched on 28 December 2017.
Downstream: Self-built resin production line with 26,52 per cent of the acquisition stake to accelerate industrial clustering, further increase market access and improve the match between fibre and resin. In 2016, the Giant Stone Group Ltd. ' s annual production of 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin production line construction project was officially started.
In January 2017, China’s Great Stone competed for $157.252.09 million to buy a re-entry into Yun Harbour.
China’s Great Stones now hold 32.04% of the central conglomerates. China’s company, the Chinese Synthetic Materials Group, is affiliated with China’s Construction Materials Group Ltd., a high-technology company based on the production of windmills, glass and steel pipes, storage tanks and high-pressure gas cylinders, and high-pressure pipes.
The central recluse is the country's largest, world-wide, three-largest megawatt-class wind blade manufacturing company, which specializes in megawatts ranging from 31 to 75 metres in a series of more than 60 models. It has a national foliage test centre and overseas subsidiaries, covering all types of foliage products on land and at sea, which serve a variety of domestic and international conditions.
The windfields, the quality of the products, and the maintenance of leaves have been experienced. The production and manufacture of the products in question are dominated by fibreglass, which is an important area of application for fibreglass materials, and the company’s downstream industrial chain has been substantially extended, the level of business integration has increased, and the space for technological and product innovation has been expanded.
A model of good cost-control performance in manufacturing, benefiting from the firm ' s very strong R & D capacity, its growing production size, and its relatively strong upstream control, we see that the ton cost of production of giant stones continues to decrease, and that in 2010 companies produced about $4,499 per piece of fabric.
By 2016, the company cost had fallen to $3651, or 19 per cent.
The company has formed a globalized production and marketing network, selling its products to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and has now established seven sales subsidiaries in the country, 14 sales subsidiaries abroad and two foreign exclusive companies whose main products have been acquired by the Norwegian Ship Class (dnv), the British Ship Class (lr), the German Ship Class (gl),
China Ship Classes (ccs) and the United States of America fda, among others, have been accredited with a trademark system with a “megastone” as the main trademark, which has been authorized in nearly 40 major market countries and regions, with a high brand profile. Product upgrading + capacity expansion + expectations, 3-D dragon head growth
The product structure continues to upgrade, and the share of high-end products continues to increase the cyclicality of the weaker industries The problem of low-end production and dependence of high-end products on imports is that the average price of imports is much higher than the average price of exports of fibres and products, indicating whether the domestic product is dominated by low-end products and therefore higher
End-of-end transformation is the inevitable option for the long-term business. China’s Great Stone has been determined to restructure its products as early as 2009 to reduce the share of low- and medium-end products by developing high-end products that are responsive to market demand through increasing R & D inputs.
The ratio of high-end products to companies will reach 80-90% a year. Wind power, car light quantification, and electronic veils are high-end applications and high-end markets that companies have developed with great effort.
In terms of quality or cost, there is a clear competitive advantage, and companies now account for 20% of the existing product structure in light-quantified products in wind power and automobiles. On December 17, 2018, the country’s 1st thin veil production line at the National Stones and New Materials Smart Manufacturing Base – 60,000 per year.
The success of the project marks a solid and significant step forward in achieving the goal of the world’s number one. By restructuring products, on the one hand, to avoid excessive competition in low-end markets and to maintain corporate profitability levels, on the other.
On the other hand, it avoids the more cyclical nature of low-end veils. The pre-production shift, the deployment of Egypt, the United States, and, since 2010, countries such as the EU, Turkey, and India have imposed anti-dumping measures on our fibreglass manufacturing industry.
In order to speed up the construction of global industrial arrangements and avoid protectionism in international trade, China ' s Great Stone launched in 2012 the Egyptian Investment Plant Project, which began with the construction of an annual 80,000-ton production base in Egypt in 2013 and has so far been built and launched into Egypt ' s second and third-line production lines, with a total capacity of 200,000 tons. In 2016, the United States will build a production base.
The company has also announced an Indian investment program that will set the stage to start building India’s production line. Moving into a new cycle of expansion, product upgrading, and technology reserves are now expected to usher in a new cycle of expansion.
And with the announcement of the company ' s smart manufacturing programme, the company is expected to usher in a new cycle of expansion of capacity, with as many as six projects (excluding Egypt) currently under construction and proposed for construction, involving a total investment of about 11.18 billion yuan, which, if 100 million square metres, would be about four times the current capacity, according to the company ' s public announcement.
The cost of labour is higher than the cost of fibre optics, which, according to company data, have been leading companies for several years in their business philosophy, and since 2004 China’s Great Stone has been promoting automated production internally and implementing many original production line improvements.
Because of the distance, China’s giants have completed the informationization, self-motivation, and are beginning to develop intelligently. It is precisely because of the company’s early automation that the number of its producers began to grow after the peak of the year 08.
The decline, despite the company ' s growing capacity, reflects the fact that the total number of employees of the company has not increased in the same proportion, reflecting the fact that the company operates intelligent factories, which are an important initiative in upgrading and storing the company ' s technology and equipment. In May 2016, the company ' s fibre-optic industrial smart manufacturing base was officially laid, marking the realization of the company ' s intellectual manufacturing from strategy to action.
In March 2017, the company issued a project on the construction of a 300,000-ton annual production line for fibreglass and intelligence manufacturing by the Giant Stone Group. The project is scheduled to start in the second half of 2017 and will be completed in five years.
In December 2017, the company announced its intention to implement an expansion of the production line of the new Material Smart Manufacturing Base, with a total investment in the extension of the production line, which is dominated by electronic veils, and a total of 180,000 tons (800 million metres) of electronic fabric for the three production lines.
A major increase in the share of high-end products in total revenues, and the electronic veil industry is a growing industry, thus providing a more stable income, moving away from the cyclical nature of ordinary fibre-optic products, and contributing to higher product prices and profit levels. The possible integration of China’s giant stones with Chinese materials technology is expected to further enhance integrated competitiveness.
With the merger of the two ingredients, each of the companies under its flag formed a competitive relationship. In December 2017, China’s Great Stone issued the China Building Materials Group Ltd.’s commitment to avoid competition with China’s Giant Stone Company Ltd. and China’s share in construction materials.
The announcement states that “in order to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of China's Great Stone and its small and medium-sized shareholders, and to eliminate and avoid competition between China's Great Stone and other production and marketing enterprises of fibreglass and its products belonging to China's building materials, China's construction materials will be committed”
Within three years of its inception, the relevant securities regulators will apply a combination of commission management, asset restructuring, equity swaps, business restructuring, etc., in order to ensure that business integration addresses peer competition.” Ten thousand tons, or more than 50 per cent of domestic production capacity, or about 30 per cent of global production capacity, would improve China's fibre optic industry if successfully integrated
Assumption I: company capacity increased in 2019. (US line, 150,000 tons of fibreglass intelligence per year, production line project (phase I) and Xijiang cold-renovation project)
Assumption II: stable fibre prices in 2019 and 2020; Assumption III: sustained increases in the share of high-end corporate products, leading to steady increases in the Māori rate. Trade barriers risk, interest rate risk, raw material and fuel prices and supply risk, interest rate and financial risk, new product
Pebands sm300051700001a Academy sales team
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.