In the middle of May, the letter (mechanical) plate fell by 6.94%, and the previous index fell by 1.19% over the same period, mainly because of the small and medium market value of the mechanical plate and the high share of the small, medium-sized and entrepreneurial board. From the thematic plate, the machine tools, the printing and packaging machines, and the environmental equipment fell before the subsectors fell.
Performance continues to decline: railway equipment and grinders have fallen slightly, and we judge that the main reason for this is the high level of certainty in the two above-mentioned plates. The overall movement of the mechanical plates in May suggests, from the industry’s point of view, that attention be paid to the subsectors of 3c automation, smart logistics, orbital transport, cold-chain logistics, engineering machinery, etc., with high levels of certainty in performance, which are expected to show better performance in the overall environment of the current mechanical plates.
There has been a decline in the atmosphere in the arms industry; a decline in the scale of trading by raw-food suppliers and less than anticipated developments in cold-chain logistics; less than anticipated investments in the rail and rail transport industries; and the establishment of a railway research assistant, Dujming Research Assistant; technological advances in transport and surveillance maintenance enterprises; and less than anticipated market expansion: the country ' s 3c automation has been slow and slow to develop.
In the current period, PV (002179). [Excellently] is a product of a weekly industry that combines policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth and pursuit.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value. Medium PV (002179), with one to two shares.
\triangleright changes, track points, and if stock changes are proposed, explain why.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd...ltd 2, Multiline R & D has been successful and business diversification has continued to progress.
Successfully winning the National Industrial Power Base Project, the “Deep Space” and “Deep Sea” technology acquisition phased breakthroughs; new sources of energy, successful vehicle integration controller development; breakthroughs in smart automatic fibre-optic technology, mastering a number of fibre-optic panel manufacturing processes on large roads to fill domestic gaps; high-speed, high-speed, high-speed
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Jiang So Youngjing to invest 50 million yuan (US$ 25 million from China Radio and Light Power) to expand the company's liquid and cold interconnection system operations, which helped to upgrade the core capabilities of the company's interconnectivity system and provide users with more optimal fluid connectivity solutions in the areas of defence, new energy vehicles, electricity equipment, etc., and further enhance the integrated competitiveness of the company. We believe that companies operate in a number of areas.
Extension, which is expected to drive companies into new levels of interconnectivity, will continue to increase their profitability.3 Implementation of equity incentives, workers and companies developed together. On January 18, 2017, China PV Review adopted the first phase of the Long-Term Incentive Scheme for Restricted Stock, which granted a total of 6.6.1 million restricted shares to company managers, core technicians, and company managers and core cadres, for a total of 266.1 million people.
The broad range of power incentives can provide sufficient incentives for the company’s core cadres to achieve interest binding, and also highlight the good faith of the company’s employees in the future development of China PV \triangleright, which predicts a change in equity. We maintain a “buy-in” rating of PV in China.
Risk factors: Increased cost of raw materials or human resources may reduce the Māori rate of products; companies may not expand to higher-end interconnection areas as expected. \triangleright \triangleright
In July 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the mechanical and military industries. The Sunda Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications to consult on securities investment approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.