Yearly review 2024: Sustained recovery of profits, downturn structure event: Corporate disclosure of year 2024, business income, net profit return, recovery trend of supply and demand balance between industries, 2024 q4 booming, company deduction of non-profit ring ratio
(i) Thanks to continued active industry regulation of the release of new capacity, as well as strong demand in such disaggregated areas as wind power, short-heat-plastic cuts, the rate of increase in the 2024.4 industry coarse stock has been controlled, pricing prices for longer-cycle items have fallen further, and prices for products such as direct veils have been adjusted and recovered, electronic fabrics have recovered.
q4-q4-quarter Māori rates, net sales after deduction, 132 days of net sales, which is generally stable compared to the three-quarterly report, is significantly lower than at the end of the previous year, reflecting a downward trend in stock pressure. The corresponding increase was 21.9 per cent/4.7 per cent, and the increase was significantly higher than the increase in industry output, reflecting an increase.
The value of market expansion and structural adjustment. The company’s major sectors fell at an all-time high throughout the year, consolidating the competitive advantage of a braided, thin-coated electronic cloth.
The company’s cost rate for the period 2024 was 8.1 per cent, a 2.8 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to a 2.6 per cent decrease in the administrative cost rate on a year-on-year basis, and reduced losses due to non-realization of the excess profit-sharing scheme.
Net operating cash flow of 2,032 million yuan a year, compared with +134.3 per cent, resulting from an optimized stock of lost profits, enhanced dividends and a reduction in operating receivables; acquisition of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets throughout the year
At the bottom of the industry landscape, the company’s superior stock is structured and expanded in an orderly manner, and its profitability is expected to continue to return: the performance of q3 continues to improve, with the leading differences rising. The industry’s profits are still in the bottom zone, with second- and third-line businesses under pressure, which will continue to constrain production.
We believe that the ongoing recovery of the industry’s supply-demand balance, which is expected to sustain the improvement. The Department is pushing for a better product structure, higher-middle-end share, cold-repair modifications of the crude line, and expansion of the thin veil.
The company actively boosts shareholder returns, 2024  profitability projections and investment ratings: the industry’s demand continues to grow, demand and demand balances are being repaired, the bottom of the landscape is rising upwards, the company’s competitive advantage is being consolidated under a reduced structure, and earnings are expected to recover.
The company discloses its annual report for 2024, each year achieving business income, net return profits, net profit deductions, net profit deductions, continued recovery trends in the industry balance of supply and demand, with a steady rise in the 2024q4 scenario and an improvement in the company ' s net profit margin. (1) Benefited from continued proactive regulation of the industry ' s release of new productive capacity, and demand in the areas of wind power, short-cut heat and plastics, etc.
Strong, the pace of growth in the 2024q4 industry ' s rough inventory has been controlled, the price of longer price cycles for product-type refractions has fallen further, the prices of direct-clothed products have recovered after adjustment and the prices of electronic fabrics have remained largely stable. (2) q4 corporate revenues have increased by +22.4 per cent, the ring ratio by +8.5 per cent, and are expected to benefit mainly from stronger sales of the bra. q4-quarter Maori rates,
Three-quarterly reports are generally stable, significantly lower than at the end of the previous year, reflecting a tendency to digest stock pressure. (3) Companies achieved 3.0250 million tons of coarse and product sales and 875 million metres of electronic distribution throughout the year, an increase of 21.9 per cent/4.7 per cent compared to the previous year.
The reduction was historically high, consolidating the competitive advantage of the coarse, thin-coated electronic fabric. 8.1% of the cost for the year, a decrease of 2.8 pct over the year, mainly due to a 2.6 pc decrease in the administrative cost rate over the year and a reduction in losses due to the non-realization of the excess profit-sharing scheme. (2) Full year 2024/q4 single season asset disposal
Improved profit margins and reduced operating receivables; year-round purchases of fixed assets, intangibles, and other long-term industrial landscapes, with company stock-contribution structures, orderly expansion, and a sustained recovery in profitability. The industry is still at the bottom, with second- and third-line businesses under pressure, which will continue to constrain production capacity, wind, wind, wind, wind, and wind.
Areas such as thermal plastics have continued to grow, penetration rates have steadily increased, sub-electronics have been restored, and we believe that the balance of supply and demand in the industry has been sustained and is expected to support continued improvement. Companies have promoted product structural optimization, rising middle-end share, and have implemented cold-repair modifications to the coarse line, expansion of fine-share electronics, and a sustained recovery in medium- and long-term profitability is expected.
Figure 1: Trends in domestic entangled direct veil prices Figure 2: Trends in domestic electronics prices 3. Profit forecasting and investment ratings
The industry’s demand continues to grow, demand and demand balances are being repaired, the climate bottom is rising, competitive advantages are being consolidated, profitability is expected to rise, shareholder returns are expected to rise further, and valuations are expected to recover further. The recovery in domestic demand is not as high as expected, the risk of further recession in the overseas economy, and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
The three major financial forecasting tables for China's Great Stones have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.