China's Stone 600176 building materials, multi-wheel-up industry warms back, solidly growing resilient, Southwest Securities Institute.
The leader is strong and the structure is constantly optimized. 1) In terms of capacity sales: 30.25 million tons of bra and product sales in 2024; 875 million metres of electronic distribution. The total capacity is the world's number one, and the three world's “heat-fixed veils, hot-plastic enhancements, electronic kips” are achieved and maintained.
2) Product structure: Focus on the tp thermal fibres, small number direct veils, filament veils and fabrics in the incremental market, incremental clientele, higher end product ratios, overall improvement in product structure with a significant Māori ratio and a decrease in the combined cost rate. 24 years of single q4:1) multi-wheel price increases in beneficiary industries, products
Sales prices have recovered steadily, with the company ' s Māori ratio rising by 2.8 percentage points to 28.6 per cent over the same period) and sales costs are mainly due to the non-realization of the excess profit-sharing scheme, amounting to $30 million for recovery of overhead costs, net of a fall in the overhead rate by 2.6 percentage points to 3.3 per cent over the same period; a decrease in the size of the interest-bearing liability; and a decrease in the size of the negative interest-bearing liability.
Debt costs are lower, financial rates fall by 3.7 percentage points to 0.5% on the same basis. 3) The combined cost rate drops from 8.7% to 8.7%, and the company’s efficiency gains are significant.
The company, as the leading industry in the industry of fibre optics, is the world's leading industry in many areas of product segmentation, with great size and cost advantages, and a sustained shift in product high-end. 2) The firm is highly focused on innovation research and development, in mega-pool kilns, high-performance glass formulations,
100% Autonomous Core Intellectual Property (IPR) on key technologies such as leachate formulations and packages; companies are now at the top of the industry e9 fibres, technical barriers are being strengthened, and technological competitive advantages are prominent.)
The current price of bobby sales is stable and is expected to pick up as demand recovers in downstream industries, with strong synergies (2024-10-31) and companies benefiting significantly as industry leaders.
It is clear that the firm’s performance is flexible, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Assuming that 1: as the company expands its R&D effort, continuously expands its niche downstream and takes full advantage of the overall competitive advantage, Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.