The year 2024 was published. In 2024, the company achieved business income of 15,856 million yuan, and China's Great Stone (600,176.sh)
In 2024, the company achieved 15.480 billion yuan, a 7.33 per cent increase over the industry average, based on China's glass workers.
According to the industry association, in 2024, companies manufacturing fibreglass and products of more than size had a record high sales of fibres and their products, amounting to 3.0250 million tons, and increased sales both in domestic and overseas markets. On the domestic market, 24 years of wind-coat sales were recorded.
Markets such as thermoplastic veil have grown faster than other downstream markets, companies have continued to promote product structural excellence in recent years, benefiting from an increase in the share of medium- and high-end products, with the company ' s domestic market earning 9,616 million yuan over 24 years, an increase of 6.84 per cent over the same period, and markets such as those in Europe and the United States, the Middle East and South-East Asia have grown significantly in overseas markets.
The Egyptian base, which is mainly sold to the European market, completed cold-cut production in advance and remained fully productive, with an increase of 6.60 per cent over 24 years in the company’s foreign market of $5.926 billion.
Roughly $912 million, with the highest net profit in the single quarter of the year, with an increase of 146.04 per cent in the same year, and 59.41 per cent in the ring. The sharp rise in corporate profits in the fourth quarter was mainly due to two factors: 1) the steady decline in the recovery of the one-quarter Māori rate.
Quarterlyly, at the end of March 24, the company took the lead in reprices and, as the new orders were implemented after the reprice of the fibre-based products, the company ' s single-season Māori ratio was gradually restored, and 2024q4 achieved Māori sales, with a reduction in the utilization rate, mainly due to the non-realization of the excess profit-sharing scheme, running back to a significant decrease in the q4 management rate.
As a result, the q4 profit level was further raised by the reduction in the cost of the period, the net operating cash flow was significantly improved and the share of dividends increased. The net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations in 2024 was $2,032 million, an increase of 134.35 per cent.
Good, mainly because of the growth in the company's cash sales revenue and the increase in the collection of bank bills due for currency exchange.The company issued a profit distribution programme for 2024, with a gold dividend of $2.40 per 10 shares, which together released the present bulletin on the request for the distribution of profits in the middle of 2025, with the share of cash being the return achieved in the current period.
To speed up the construction of the Xiaoan smart base, the power of the electronic veil will grow. The company announces that the Great Stone Group and the Great Stone Hong Kong are going to add $1 billion to the Qing Xiaohuaan capital, which will accelerate the construction of the Xiaoyan smart base, which is expected to produce 100,000 tons of electronic fibre and zero carbon intelligence per year.
The line will be built in 2025, followed by 50% capacity in 26 years, 75% capacity in 27 years, 27 years of Galactic Building, and a 100% rating report on the end of China's Great Stones, with a further expansion of the company's electronic gauze capacity.
(600,176,sh): Recosted performance repairs, company capacity, proposed to add $300 million to the New Stone Energy to build a 500mw wind power supply for the Great Stone Campus, then expand _20241028
71.90 per cent is expected to contribute more performance gains with the expansion and release of the production capacity of the subsequent wind and wind projects.In information, as at 20 March, mainstream fibre-optic producers entangled in direct garnish tex 2400 and electronic veil days at an average cost of $3988 per ton and $9025 per ton, respectively, an increase of 3.24 per cent and 3.14 per cent, respectively.
With the gradual recovery of demand in downstream markets, it is expected that there will still be room to raise the price of the bobble, and that corporate profits are expected to be further repaired; in the medium and long term, with the continued optimization of the company’s product structure and the continuous release of productive capacity, the firm’s size has been further enhanced and its long-term development prospects have been consolidated.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.