China Stones (600176.sh): Bold Dragon Head March 21st, 2025
China's Great Stone is the leader of the global bovine industry, with a high cost to the company, a net profit of 2,445 million yuan, a decrease of 19.7 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 1,788 million yuan, a similar figure, a high-impact product structure and capacity.
Optimizing product structure and management, increasing domestic demand for business income sustained upwards and one-season net profits, returning to 6.59% year-to-year, largely as a result of volume growth.
The growth in corporate sales was due to the optimal restructuring of the product by the company, with a focus on the development of the tp hot-plastic short fibres, miniatures, 52-week stock-priced incremental markets such as direct veils, filament veils and fabrics; and the improvement of sales through the optimization of marketing areas
With the combined efforts of the country and abroad, the share of domestic and foreign business income has increased. As the price of the fibre optics declined in 2024 compared to 2023, it has been difficult to change the price, although it has been “repeated” prices.
The year-to-year net return profit has continued to shrink, with a year-on-year increase in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, especially in the fourth quarter, which has seen an increase of 146.04%. Camp capacity has continued to improve. Increased operational efficiency has led to a sustained increase in production and sales, corporate coils and electronics.
Sales are at a record high. With global production of the fibre-clothed increased by 4.6% in 2024 compared to the same rate in China and 5.7% compared to China’s kiln, the growth in corporate sales is much faster than global and national increases, leading to continued increases in corporate global and national market ownership.
The company, as the global backbone, can grow its operating income faster, benefit from the cost advantages of the size of the company, the continued optimization of the product structure, and the continuous upgrading of technology and management. Companies are losing profits.
The company’s global layout has helped to reduce the impact of international trade friction on the company. The current pattern of industry dominance is clear, and corporate optimization and layout in a context of industry malaise has favoured a new industry pattern.
In a low-intensity environment, companies are able to optimize their adjustment and increase their presence in the cities.
A solid foundation for development, maintaining the firm's “strongly recommended” rating.
China's Great Stone (600176.sh): The Provincial Dragon Head has continued to raise the city's position.
More than 16 years of research experience, combined up and down with a framework of research, cover the construction and non-metal new materials industries. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry their own research views.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is China's Great Stone (600176.sh): The Provincial Trench continues to raise the rate of urban dominance and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change anything. We have tried to report on the objective and fair nature of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.