\triangleright 17/08/2025
Corporate performance has grown steadily and business structures have continued to optimize. \triangleright, in terms of network communications, by business structure, generated $131.9 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the same period.
Marja Wei compared to 74.0%, with a steady overall improvement in business. The number of connected users passed 1.2 billion, with a net increase of more than 11 million mobile and broadband users, up from 480 million in the same period in recent years.
In the first half of the year, 45.4 billion yuan was collected, representing an increase of 4.4 per cent, or 25.5 per cent, and an increase of 1 per cent. The growth in the volume of operations was strong, with 37.6 billion yuan, or 4.6 per cent, for the connected cloud, and 14.4 billion yuan, for the data centre.
The increase of 9.4 per cent is mainly due to the increased number of Internet platform enterprises and financial institutions, such as banks, entering the Internet data centre, with a 60 per cent increase in the amount contracted by Aidc, a 2,650mw reserve of data centre capacity, a 30-eflops total, and a more than 70 per cent utilization of data centre resources.
Accelerating the evolution to 800g, 1.2t megaband bandwidth to provide high-speed, safe, and non-destructive connectivity to the computing hub nodes. Companies build high-quality data sets for multi-source integration, model multi-model symbiotic meta-scenario models, artificial intelligence, commercialization applications of scale, and create hundreds of smart bodies. In addition, international business revenues amount to $6.8 billion.
The share of income from strategic and emerging industries rose to 86 per cent, promoting high-quality corporate development: semi-annual reporting of double-digit growth in profits realized, network computing increased efficiency and profitability.
Assessment: Double-digit growth in net profit deductions, 0.2 per cent decrease in the quality of company operations, 4.8 per cent decrease in depreciation amortization on average, 3.0 per cent increase in network operating support costs, 0.4 per cent decrease in employee remuneration on average, and sales costs, mainly due to increased effectiveness of company investments
A 2.5% increase in the same year, a 6.3% increase in other operating and management costs, a rise in the cash fraction of the net, a 24-year increase in the value of the net, and a savings of nearly $1 billion in Oex. Companies propose to increase investment in strategic and emerging industries such as 'ai ' .
Corporate dividends are growing faster, traditional business efficiency is improving, profitability is increasing, and the methodology and analytical logic of the case leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.