— China Connect annual performance evaluation for 2025; China Connect (stock code: 600050) incident: In recent days, China Connect released its annual performance report for 2025, bringing the total revenue to $2,002 million
As far as online communication is concerned, there has been a steady increase in the size of the company’s users and traditional connectivity.
There are more than 330 cities with a commercial size of 5g-a. Integration is more than 77% penetration, with a unit cost of more than 100 yuan. Broadband networks reach 570 million households, with 106 cities piloting a 10,000-millimeter network, showing a steady increase in the size of the fixed network.
The 5g network has been applied in industry, medicine, etc., with a cumulative increase of over 50,000 applications and a 60% increase in income for the 5g network. In general, the basic volume of communications connections has grown steadily.
The company’s capital investment has shifted to the net’s smart area throughout the year, with an estimated expenditure of $55 billion over the 25-year period, and strategic adjustments in spending structure, intellectual arithmetic, and network carrying capacity have been continuously optimized. Corporate capital spending is stable and optimized, with cost reductions being effective on the one hand.
The pressure, on the other hand, will further support the development of the business of equilibrium and lead to an increase in the performance of the connecting cloud.25 In the first half of the year, the connecting cloud generated $37.6 billion/+4.6 per cent, and the size of the company ' s computing cloud service business continued to break out.
In general, the company's “three new” strategy has worked well, and continues to push the “network to new technology”
Towards new, new services, and promising new breakthroughs in high-quality development, with firm growth in performance, the value of corporate investment is expected to continue to pervade.
The company is constantly implementing the “ai+” action plan, creating a platform for the development of the “MegaCity All-aware” smart body, and perfecting the integrated layout of the cloud on the Internet.
The company has always been highly focused on shareholder returns, with a sustained increase in dividends and returns to shareholders, with a 60% rate of interest throughout the year and a long-term mark. While achieving robust growth in business performance, it is committed to sharing it with a wide range of investors.
Investment proposals: Upscaling of network infrastructure, universal access to downstream ai applications are expected to be higher than expected, firm operations are more robust and high-quality development is advanced, network intelligence has made a breakthrough in building a second-growth curve, effectively enabling countries to upgrade their new-quality productivity transitions.
1. [Galaxy communication] company depth_communications industry_China connection: one yuan for ps 0.31, 0.34 and 0.37, 17.47 times, 16.05 times, wave cycle, several smart cloud applications
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.