ii China Connect (600050.sh)
On August 25, 2025, the Chinese Union released its 2025-half-a-half-year annual report. 2025h1, the company realized its operating income of 2002 billion yuan.
Mobile connectivity, broadband connectivity are growing robustly, and fttr is the main revenue-generating engine. Both \triangleright households have reached an all-time high, reaching 1.2 billion subscribers, with a net increase in mobile and broadband users.
Market data: August 22, 2025, with a total of 690 million, of which 86 million are connected to the network, the dominant position continues to be consolidated. Network quality has been upgraded, low-frequency sharing has been advanced, and mobile network population coverage is over 99%; 5g-a size is over 330% commercial
Cities: Broadband network covers 570 million households, continuously perfects the gigagram network, speeds up the construction of the megabeam network, reaching 106 cities on a pilot basis. Digital services are new, with 50% of connected users opting for the two gigabytes service, services such as superbly clear, connected viewers, cloud cell phones, and “brain-brain-brain” robots.
270 million users, with more than 77 per cent penetration, and more than $100 per unit. We believe that 5g hands, basic data: 30 June 2025, a chance to replace the old state contract with a new one, will increase the value of 5g, smart phones, smart homes, car homes, etc.
To become the dominant product of the future, companies optimize their product experience with new integration; to localize their household operations from localization to each share of the capital pool: to shift to cloud-based applications, family computing hosts become the trend, and product convergence will lead to second growth.
Undistributed profits per share: Curves, entity office delivery will result in additional amounts (including visual networking, family clouds, full house wide orientation of family clients, expansion of intelligent homes, security of intelligence, over-cleaning of content).
Numerical expansion of the network, taking advantage of the opportunities of the one, and transformation of the idc. Connecting the cloud market continues to expand, serving Harbinian Winter will become the first cloudy winter.
Turbo became the only industry to be selected as the first catalogue product in Beijing, with 25h1 earning 37.6 billion yuan, equal to +4.6 per cent, and the data centre's intellectual transformation was very effective, with 14.4 billion yuan, +9.4 per cent, and the contract amount for aidc increased by 60 per cent.
Simultaneous meta-scenario models, open up the "Mega-Secret" smarts development platform, building 30+Credible Data Spaces, building hundreds of ai smarts. We believe that arithmetic flows from mobile phones, pc, cameras to more end-products, and that end-side intelligence continues to evolve in memory perception, reasoning planning, thinking decisions, etc.
Zhao Tianwu, who promotes changes in interactive approaches, becomes a super-entry point for vertical applications, and the company will pursue the opportunities of one, with intelligence at its core, connecting clouds at its core, the future of deep-farming applications, the creation of unique abilities, and the promotion of manual labor.
\triangleright close to $1 billion, with over 70% of the data centre's resources utilized. Build multi-level computing supplies, speed up the idc to Aidc, upgrade the algorithm to build and operate Shanghai ports of embarkation, Hot, Ningxia and Qinghai.
The data centre is capable of saving up to 2,650 mw and the total size of the smart is 30 eflops. The computing network ainet is built, moving faster towards 800g, 1.2t megaband bandwidth, and the computing hub nodes are high, safe, and non-destructive.
Continuous improvement of the international network layout, which provides services to more than 280 cloud service providers, connecting more than 400 data centres; construction of five new offshore centres of intelligence, with a better international profile of intelligence; and construction of several landmark projects such as the Association of Eastern European Union intelligent manufacturing, Middle Eastern smart storage, African Smart Mines, European Smart Ports, etc.
International business income amounted to $6.8 billion, +11%. We believe that, in a wave, companies invested precisely, focusing their investment on arithmetic, building an international network that is robust and networked. This is reflected in cost management, where company network operations and support costs are stable, depreciation and amortization are equal to 4.8%.
Outlook for the future: strong growth in revenue-earning profits will continue to be achieved, with a strong roll-out of arithmetical operations. 2025 \triangleright will see strong growth in the company ' s planned revenue, profits, net asset yields and planned capital expenditure of 550
The company’s high-level performance is expected to remain high in the industry, and the future Roe-Red ratio is expected to continue to rise, maintaining the “buy-a-rated-a” rating.
Mobile, broadband operations have a downside risk. Companies have a high penetration rate for a 5g package, and as high-value 5g users complete their penetration, the rate of increase in moving aarpu values will slow down in the future.
There is a risk of a decline in the number of new and emerging operations, such as connecting clouds. The value of adding to the company’s revenue is higher, and the income from connecting clouds decreased in 2024 compared to the previous year.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.