New System of Global Supply Chains, New Application of the Ai Clouds Conference - Annual Performance Review of the Connected Network 2025, 02/09/2025
Billion Network (equity code: 300628) Core market competitiveness remains strong, downstream market demand is good, businesses are actively and effectively expanding. Corporate deep-farming tob communications, while expanding high-end operations, further entrenches middle- and low-end markets
During the reporting period, the company launched a new generation of audio and video video products and a strong growth in business earbucks. In terms of conference products, the first half of the year was achieved in the sub-business.
Revenue of $1.076 billion/+13.17 per cent, with a Māori business rate of 66.41 per cent and an increase of 1.35 pct. Corporate focus on user needs to upgrade the intelligent and efficient meeting experience with product innovation, and to continuously build conference room solutions covering the landscape and the process to facilitate high-quality business development of conference products during the reporting period.
The new generation of audio and video tablet products has been launched to create a great all-embracing experience; many new products, such as Meetingbara 40/a50, have been introduced, and product competitiveness has gradually increased.
For office terminals, business income of $262 million was achieved in the first half of the year, an increase of 30.55 per cent. The company continued to improve the layout of its business ear products, with the introduction of the cable ear-uh4x series, which further enriched the product matrix.
Tow, grinding the overall competitiveness of business earphones, and business earphones inject a new dynamic of growth into corporate growth. For desktop communication terminals, the first half of the year saw a revenues of $1,304 million, a decrease of 13.63% compared to the previous half, Māori product structure, increased high-end market openings, deeper exploitation of market opportunities, and maintenance of the telephone market.
On the whole, firms insist on core technological autonomy and innovation to launch a new generation of ai videoconferencing products, and the global distribution of capacity brings with it flexible supply chains, enabling companies to remain resilient in uncertain market environments, and operations are expected to expand effectively.
Research and development inputs continue to add value to the ability of globalized production to create product innovation, and growth is expected to continue. 8.8% focus on key areas such as audio algorithms, user experiences from ai applications, video technology, etc.
Dante draws on a variety of innovative products, such as microphones, smart tracking cameras, videoconferencing hosts, and covers a full range of meeting scenes, reflecting a trend towards product intelligence and integration. Companies continue to promote overseas production capacity, such as in South-East Asia, to build order delivery capacity to support overseas markets, and to support the expansion of high-end markets.
Investment Recommendations: The company is the leader of the global videoconferencing market, and we look to the demand for company-ai conference products and clouds, the demand for office terminals, the increased market share and performance resulting from increased product competitiveness, and the firm's robust performance in promoting high-quality development, taking into account the latest performance of the company, giving it a total of 2025
[Gybercommunications] GW: Good business performance, new opportunities in the end market, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.