The Yangtze Power (6009000) utility, the U-White power station is being injected, and the six-bureau merger has increased its effectiveness.
• Recommended logic: 1) U-White hydroelectric power station injection is imminent, with the company's installed capacity expected to rise to 71.8gw, generating hundreds of millions of electricity; 2) focus on the complementarities of the “water and wind” reservoirs, which can be expanded with high quality resources in the lower Jinsha River, which can be enriched with cash flows and low financing costs to support project expansion; 3) horizontal and bidirectional investment expansion to reduce impact
Billion (-4%) and the return to the mother has a flat profit of $26.3 billion. The size of the solid white power plant installed is 10.2/16.0gw, with an average annual electricity generation of 38.962.4 million kwh expected to increase significantly after infusion; the six-bureau consolidation is expected to increase the capacity of the company to move the entire river basin, increase the use of water and increase the supply of compensatory electricity.
The six-bureau interface is expected to build on the four-bureau interface to enable the company to install from 45.6gw to promote the “multiple complementarities” project, with a clear resource advantage. The company focuses on the "waterwind storage" project, which is complementary to each other, and to create long-cylinder clouds for layout, most of which are located in the lower Qingsha River, with excellent water and light energy endowments, and
The company’s financial health and health support for new energy projects. The scale of investment has expanded and the growth curve has been re-established. The company’s horizontal investment in electricity companies has consolidated its leadership position, as in the case of three.
The vertical extension of the industrial chain to facilitate the rapid development of the distribution and distribution of electricity has resulted in a grid of more than 300 square kilometres during the “13th Five” period, a cumulative sale of more than 50 billion kwh, the “four-line integration” in Chongqing and the acquisition of the largest Peruvian electricity distribution company, Luddes.
With a book value of over $60 billion, representing 18.5 per cent of total assets, an investment return of $5.43 billion of history, Ubek injections will significantly enhance the company's ability to move, Peru's Luddes Company's performance is expected to improve, giving public access to Yangjia electricity is not just a defensive target.
The company-type debt defense properties are clear, and the dividends rate is priced. This stems mainly from the “four-cooper” commitment to increase dividends, with the valuation indicator shifting to the dividends rate. In 2016, the two large power stations located in the lower part of the Jinsha River were fully operational, generating electricity, forming a “four-cooper” with the former tri-gorges, the Goji dam power station, which reduced the disposal of water through the regulation of the reservoirs.
In the same year, the company’s commitment to the 2016-2020 dividends rate valuation was made possible, with the firm’s debt-like characteristics becoming apparent, with a large north-to-south inflow of capital since 2019, after which the company’s share price continued to rise, with a marked excess gain compared to the depth of 300 indexes.
Hydropower operators, as resource-based companies, whose endowments determine their competitiveness, have high-quality water and electricity resources, are installed on the world’s largest water-energy river, and are located in the world’s leading river, with the same type of scarce United States shareholds, and are thus favoured by the North. The number of long-term investors abroad, such as the Singapore government, is steadily increasing.
The percentage of shares held by land holdings has remained constant at more than 10% a year, with a low rate of return on United States national debt in 2017 and a large influx of low-cost offshore funds flowing through deep ports, resulting in the company’s shareholding ratio in that year.
Bear City defenses are evident, and cattle have made significant gains. During 16-year-old bears and 18-year-old Mid-American trade wars, Yangjie electric power demonstrated defensive properties, 16-year stock prices fell slightly, and 18-year stock prices rose slightly; and 14-15-year-old pine cattle, 17-year consumer upgrades + supply-side changes in cattle and 21-year-old double-carbon-themed cow prices were significantly higher than the price increases.
The company was formerly the Goji Dam Hydropower Plant, 2002 and the company's largest hydroelectric company, China's largest electricity and water company, China's largest hydroelectric company, China's largest electricity and water company, China's largest hydroelectric company.
Founded in November 2003 by China, with State Council approval, as the main sponsor of the Yangtze Tribute Group, China. In 2003-2011, the company acquired a fleet of 1-32 # from the tri-gorge group, a fleet of 1-32 # from year to year, a company acquired a fleet of three Qin Sha Gangegawa Yun Hydropower Development Co. Ltd. from the tri-jords in 2015, and a fleet of 26 units from the Quantico River Station and Dams. In 2021, the company ' s total installed capacity was high.
45.6gw, of which 45.5gw is domestic, accounting for 11.6 per cent of the total number of hydroelectric units in the country and leading the world in terms of installed capacity, is expected to rise to 71.7gw after the completion of the six-bureau interface, with an average annual generation expected to increase from about 200 billion kwh to over 300 billion kwh.
The tri-gorge group is the real owner of the company, holds about 55% of the company's shares, and the group has the size of a controlled mounted machine that goes beyond 90gw and is the world's largest hydroelectric and renewable energy group, operating in a variety of operations, including power production camps, new energy development and operation, and investment in and operation of the eco-environmental environment. In addition, the injection process into the stream in 2016 is a process that will be carried out in the first place.
In 2015, the company purchased 18 x 77 thousand kilowatts of the Chuan Cloud River power station and 8 x 800,000 kilowatts of hydroelectric power to the dam station, adding 20.3gw installed capacity and the size of the hydroelectric unit to the world.
In the first place, companies affected by this phenomenon experienced a sharp increase in their performance in 2016, which has been steadily growing since then. In 2020, the Yangtze River basin was characterized by water abundance, a surge in power generation from the company’s tri-gorge power station, and a sharp increase in performance. In 2021, companies performed well and collected 55.7 billion yuan, a decline of 3.7 per cent compared with the previous 3.7 per cent; and the return to the mother of 26.3 billion yuan was almost equal to the previous period.
The Yangtze River is in good condition, with 2022q1 operating to “open the door”. In a negative situation, such as the collapse of the Yangtze River and the accumulation of water in a new swimming reservoir, the company fully completed its power generation mission in 2021, with three gorges generating more than 100 billion kilowatts per year, and the dam station generating more electricity each year. The water supply of 2022q1 River is more abundant, with three gorge reservoirs actually generating 53.8 billion litres.
Fanmi, the real water intake of the Quiroga River has increased by 16.3 billion cubic metres compared to the same period last year. The cumulative electricity generated by the company’s four ladder stations (the tri-gorges, the Gojia Dam, the Quetta River, and the dykes) amounted to 34 billion kilowatt-hours, 2.5 billion kilowatt-hours higher than during the same period last year. The company’s 2022q1 battalion and net profit were $9.744 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent and 9.3 per cent, respectively.
1.2 Hydropower plants are large, well-positioned, well-positioned, large, and the world’s top 12 power plants alone account for five of them. The Yangtze Power Company operates and manages five giant hydroelectric plants, namely, three gorges, the Goji dam, the brook, the dam to the house, and Utundde, which is building the second largest power station in the world.
Crane beaches. Three gorges, crane beaches, brooks, Utunde, and dams are 22.5/16.0/13.9/10.2/6.4gw, ranked 1/2/4/7/11 in the world, respectively, and the total installed capacity of the company is expected to grow by 58% to 71.7gw, following the injection of the crane bank hydroelectric power station, becoming the first company in the world in terms of hydroelectric capacity.
For the fourth year in a row, power generation reached 210 billion kilowatt-hours, using a relatively stable number of hours. The company operated four major power stations on the main stream of the Yangtze River, from upstream to downstream, on the runwards, to dams, to the tri-gorges, to the Gogs. The average number of hours spent on power generation equipment was relatively stable without major changes in water conditions in the Yangtze basin.
This was mainly due to the upgrading of the combined elevator power station: the total amount of electricity generated rose from 21.9 billion kilowatt-hours in 2017 to 22.6 billion kilowatt-hours in 2020, an increase of 10.1 per cent in comparison with the previous four years and a breakthrough of 21 billion kilowatt-hours. In 2021, the amount of electricity generated and the number of hours used were reduced as a result of the same water ratio between the Yangtze Rivers and the accumulation of water from the new upstream power stations.
The company operates four power stations and two substations belonging to the parent company, Ubek, which serve as the backbone of the “West East” power supply, and which are delivered remotely, mainly through dedicated auxiliary lines and transmission projects, to China (Sichuan), China East (Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang) and the South (Cuangdong, Yunnan).
The main planned and on-going routes include Utungde to Guangdong, White Crane Beach to Zhejiang, and White Crane Beach to Jiangsu. The region’s economy is more advanced, electricity needs are higher, and prices are stable.
1.3 There is a steady rise in profitability and a significant cash cow advantage. Roe is stable at a higher level and continues to be profitable. In 2016, the company acquired the River River River and the dam power station, and the Yangtze River basins were jointly deployed to the dams, the tri-gorges, and the four escalator stations at the Guéréya dam, increasing their mobility.
Since then, the return on total corporate assets has risen steadily over the five-year period from 2017 to 2021, with a 7.6 per cent composite growth rate for parent net assets. In the future, with the imminent injection of Utund and White Crane Beach hydropower assets, the company will form a new “six-bureau” pattern that will lead to an overall upgrading of large hydropower.
Companies keep up their financing costs and raise $17.5 billion a year in low-cost capital. Companies are rated at aaa level for middle-class integrity, middle-debt credit, and at a Fitch International rating of a+, Moodia1 with significant financing advantages.
Corporate financial indicators continue to be optimized, and asset-liability ratios remain low. Corporate resilience to risk and quality of development have improved significantly in 2016-2021, with company-specific precisions, window grabs, and innovative financing models that leverage low-cost financing through multiple channels.
In 2016-2021, the company’s cash inflows and outflows were balanced and the overall cash flows were smooth. The net cash flows of the operations were stable at around $40 billion, while depreciation and amortization were stable at around $12 billion.
A massive increase in monetary capital, which was $9.93 billion in 2021, an increase of $6.55 billion over 2016, and an economic 2-Ubaku Power Station, with an increase of 2.1-Ubric Power Station, with an increase in performance in the future.
The U-White power plant is about to be injected, with rapid growth in the size of the installed and power generation. The U-dongd hydroelectric plant was fully constructed by the end of 2015 and officially launched in June 2021; the White Crane Beach power station is expected to be fully operational by July 2022. In the case of River Creek, full post-partum in 2014 and completion of the injection in early 2016, so we expect that U-Beir will be in 2023.
Upon completion, the injections will result in a substantial increase in the company’s installed capacity, while enhancing the river’s movement control capacity and increasing the volume of electricity generated. The build-up of the solid-power plant will be 10.2/16.0gw, with an average annual electricity generation expected to reach 38.962.4 million kWh. Their completion will increase the size of the company’s installed capacity from 45.6gw to 71.8gw, and the company’s capacity is expected to increase to 32.82 billion.
The cost of depreciation is expected to increase by RMB 2,677,383 million per year after the injection of the two power stations in Ubek. The financial cost is RMB 21,66.310 billion. According to the announcement of the Three Gorge Builders Group, the total investment in the Utund, White Crane Beach power stations is approximately RMB 172.4 billion, and the unit unit unit is at a cost of RMB 11.8 and 10.8/mw, respectively. The depreciation for the three Gorges, to the dam and to the river is 45 years.
Thus, the depreciation period for Ubek is also set at 45 years, at an annual cost of 26.7.383 billion yuan. At the 2021 Long River Electricity Annual Performance Meeting, the company referred to the infusion of Ubek or reference to the stream, with 38 per cent of capital infused to the stream power station, with 53 per cent of shares paid and cash paid in proportion, according to the assessment report of the Trench Cloud equity project assets.
In 2022, the company calculated, based on key assumptions, that the return of the Utund and the crane bank power station to the mother would amount to $3.677.54 billion, and that the increase in the production of electricity would be $1.88 billion. According to the National Energy Agency, the average rate of electricity used by the hydroelectric plant in 2020 was 0.25 per cent.
The main distribution area in Utungde is Guangdong and Guangxi Province, and the main distribution area is Zhejiang and Jiangsu Province, and the main distribution area is Zhejiang and Jiangsu Province, which are referred to as the three gorge power stations for Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
For the last three years, depreciation has been 66.8% and 63.6%/64.0% respectively, assuming that the depreciation is 65% of the operating cost. Kaow Creek injects 2.16 times pb to the power station in 2016, and we assume that the price is double. Pe is expected to maintain the current cost.
2.2 Building a six-bureau interface, enhancing global movement control capabilities The combined river basin elevator power station movement will effectively reduce water discards, thereby increasing the amount of electricity to compensate for electricity. After the delivery to the dam, the three gorges and the Goose dam as a whole have improved significantly in terms of time use and reduced volatility.
The production of two power stations will upgrade the company from a “four-bureau” to a “six-bureau” 6-stairway power station to build the world’s largest clean energy corridor, with the prospect of an annual increase in electricity generation to 20 billion kWh. The upper Yangtze is rich in water resources, and the movement of the entire river basin is expected to advance.
Technology exploitable at 268 million kw. Technology exploitable at 197 million kw. It accounts for 53.4 per cent of the country's hydro-energy exploitable: 80 per cent of the river basin in the upper part of the country, 87 per cent of the river basin in the upper part of the area where hydro-energy resources can be developed, and is the main power-producing area of the Western East, where a large number of ladder hydropower stations are established.
The three gorges, the Gogs, the Gogs, the Gogs, the Gogs, the Gogs, and the Kaung River, which are located at the border between the Ugang and the Jae River, can be co-located. Cross-basin cooperation has not yet been fully implemented, but the company has continued to build up other power companies in recent years, and the Yangtze River has been transferred to the entire river basin.
At this stage, the country relies mainly on natural gas for its peaks, and in the context of “carbon neutrality”, the share of new sources of energy will rise significantly, and the unstable wind-fire power generation will bring about a surge in demand for storage, with hydropower as the main source of environmental benefits.
A clean energy source with the ability to abate. Coal combustion, natural gas generation, produces massive amounts of dust and nitrogen oxides that pollute the environment. Hydropower generation is a better option in terms of the environmental protection of hydropower peaks, using water-level differentials to convert gravity into chemical energy, and does not involve thermal cycles. For example, the tri-gorge schedule below monitors the water front of the dam in different months, and thus is based on capacity and schedule.
The area is the main area to be regulated: iv, where the power is reduced and the water front level is maintained to the maximum extent possible and is subject to daily regulation.
By contrast, power generation at hydroelectric plants is based on the amount of water generated upstream, and demand is low, reducing the immediate output power, with no additional energy loss, and nearing zero marginal costs. By contrast, the power generation at the power plants requires investment in chemical storage equipment to fill the process.
This can cause energy loss, a deviation from a rated power rate that reduces boiler efficiency and increases power use in power plants, and will reduce the useful life of the fleet in the long run. Using 300mw and 600mw subcritical fire units as examples, low load operations reduce boiler efficiency and plant power rates increase by 122% and 126%, respectively.
The company is taking the lead in the river-level movement control industry, contributing to the river-stream movement control. The company is fully engaged in flood prevention, power generation, shipping, water recharge, ecological services, etc., to provide clean energy security for society. The Yangtze Power has now established a joint system for the movement of hydroelectric plants covering four elevator stations and three gorges and the Gojia Dam.
Information-sharing on water forecasting, movement control, etc., promoted integrated joint water-resource movement. In 2021, the escalator reservoir accumulated 17.2 billion cubic metres of flood and cumulatively 34 billion cubic metres of water downstream recharge, which provided a strong guarantee for flood prevention and the production of water for downstream life in the middle and downstream areas of the Yangtze River; and the Yangtze Power Extension Water Information Sharing Platform, which was built on its own.
By the end of 2019, the company acquired 23% of the gold from the Grand Tang Group, making it its second-largest shareholder.
Seven have been built, with 15.205 million kw installed. Of these, Kim has led the development of dragon dishes, two families, Pear Gardens, Al-Hai Electric Stations, and other power stations with 118.9 million kW installed.
The net profit from the six-bureau build-up is expected to be $1.88 billion, with an overall profit gain of $10.68 billion. According to Xinhua, the six-bureau build-up was further strengthened by the full injection of the White Crane Beach unit into the Yangtze, with an expected annual increase of 6-7 billion kWh in electricity generation, taking into account the four-bureau build-up of 10 billion kWh per year.
Assuming that the price of additional electricity will be 0.2649 kWh/kWh for the company’s current average electricity price. The income tax rates for the river and for the tri-gorge dams are 15% and 25%, respectively, and we assume that the income tax rate for the Ubaku generation is 20% of its average. The marginal cost of increased electricity generation is negligible.
3 Hydropower is nuclear, active in the development of new energy sources, and 3.1 “Waterwind” complementarities and promotes differential development. Waterwind complementarities can enhance the ability of systems to peak, thereby stabilizing electricity. On the one hand, hydropower can compensate for the lack of photovoltaic and wind power.
Stability, wind power generation vulnerability to random fluctuations due to meteorological factors, and large-scale access to power grids, which threatens the safe and stable operation of the grid. Water and wind complementarities can promote photovoltaic wind and network decomposition, using the effective modulation of hydroelectric plants.
The wind, wind, and wind have improved the special characteristics of the water season, which is a powerful complement to the peaks of hydropower participation. The State places emphasis on the complementarities of water-winding construction operations, with a series of related policies in place. The complementarities of water-winding energy refer to the dependence on hydropower bases.
The country is currently building three bases in the south-west of the country: the National Energy Authority issued a report on the implementation of renewable energy in the main national basin in March of this year.
This has led to a growing focus on the policy of “water and light complementarities” , the accumulation of energy, the acceleration of the construction of pumping storage plants and the scaling of new storage technologies.
In 2021, the company actively promoted existing storage energy projects, such as the Kaupata and others, and took advantage of the power and water sector, coordinating a multi-layered and all-round effort to secure pumping site resources and locking in a number of projects.
In addition, the company has a rich industrial chain of resources, exploring the development model of intelligent energy mix and Yangtze Conservancy through the creation of a subsidiary power supply of the three gorges, continuing access to high-quality, intelligent and integrated energy projects, exploring new resources such as layout storage, hydrogen, ship electricization, etc., in the lower part of the Jinsha River, and plentiful cash flows to sustain development.
The company's Water Wind Complementarity Project is located in the lower Qingsha River, where the “wind effect” and the “ravine-winded circulation effect” form a dry hot valley, where water, wind, light and clean energy endowments are superior. With regard to wind energy resources, 80 m above average wind speeds between 5.5 and 7 m/s, in the cool mountains,
In the case of hydro resources, the river is the largest hydroelectric power base in the country, with a reservoir of 110 million kw, or about 16.7 per cent of the country, where the company has built four world-class hydroelectric plants: Utund, White Crane Beach, River Rhodes and Dams.
In November 2021, the company's long power supply and the tri-Firth Group were fully funded.