Summary of events: The company achieved business income 27.69 in the first three quarters of 2025 according to the company ' s performance announcement for the third quarter of 2025
The three-quarter loss loops were narrow, the year-round harvests went up, the share of high-end module products was rising, and the four-quarter round performance was expected to continue to improve. Despite a drop in the lower season of downstream cellular demand, the three-quarter harvests fell in the first quarter of 2025, but the ring showed an upward trend in overall revenue and net profits from the first quarter to the third quarter, mainly due to the industry’s climate.
Il, the company ' s autonomous line production capacity continues to climb, while the company continuously adjusts its product structure, the share of high-end radio-frequency module products is rising, and the company ' s share of the front-end module in the first half of 2025 has reached 44.35 per cent, with products such as difem, l-difem, gps, wifi, etc. integrated into the home-grown filter that have successfully imported multiple brand customers and continued to do so, wifi7, wifi7
The module product has been imported and delivered by multiple brand clients, while supporting different frequency range products for different RF solutions. In addition, the company relies on the full range of products at the front end of the autonomous RF, with a number of technological reserves and product innovations in the direction of the RF module, such as customization of multi-frequency segments and participation in the phasex definition.
The impact of the depreciation of the ring line has diminished as a result of rising productivity utilization. On the one hand, increased competition in the radio frequency sector has led to increased competition in the RF sector.
In the second half of 2024, the low capacity utilization of a single crystal round resulted in higher real costs, and the Department's more cost-effective crystal-processed products caused greater disturbance to the Māori rate after sales this year, but with the capacity utilization rate.
Upgrade, third quarter crystal round cost impact rings are better than the second quarter, and subsequent self-generated crystal round costs are expected to be significant for the overall Māori (30072); the negative impact of short-term depreciation rates will gradually diminish. By the first half of 2025, the product class of the 6-inch filtration line had been fully achieved.
Large, long-term self-controllable and high-end arrays — company summary assessment, face layout, with capacity for volume production of split devices such as double/four/six, single chip multi-frequency filters, etc.,
2. Cheuk Seung-wee (30072); l-patid has completed the 12-inch radio-frequency chip production line, which currently has a capacity level of almost 5,000 pieces/month. By the end of the third quarter of 2025, the capacity utilization rate had risen significantly, with 12 inches based on the production line of the Silicon-based technology platform, dedicated to heteromaterials and special processes.
Capacity development, the company ' s first- and second-generation technology platforms have achieved scale production and continued to advance the development of third-generation processes.
Certification - company summary evaluation Investment recommendations: Short-term exposure to increased competition in front-end markets for radio frequency, less than expected recovery of demand and significant depreciation in the lead-up to the kernel production line
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.