A steady decline in the main coal industry, long-term value revaluation period Events: 22 August 2025, release of semi-annual reports on coal energy from China, first half of 2025, coal energy from China (601898.sh)
Companies achieved 74,436 million yuan in operating income, a 19.9 per cent decline in the same year; net return profits were achieved. Cost-side controls in the coal industry were excellent and effectively hedged down the market.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 6,734,000 tons of self-produced coal production, an increase of 1.3 per cent over the same year; the self-produced yuan/tonne, a decrease of 35.4 per cent over the same year, and, on the cost side, the cost of selling its own commodity coal unit through enhanced lean management, a significant decrease of $29.91 per ton over the same period.
A 10.2 per cent decrease in cost control was achieved mainly through: 1) enhanced bid procurement management and optimization of production organizations, resulting in a 5.90 per ton reduction in the cost of coal materials per year; 2) scientifically sound regulation of salary levels, resulting in a 6.09 ton reduction in the cost of coal labour per year; 3) increased safety
Fees and wirings are used to reduce earmarked fund balances and reduce other costs of coal by $25.31 per ton on a par. Excellent cost control effectively offsets some of the negative effects of falling prices, and the profitability of coal operations remains resilient.
In 2025, the combined effect is a drop in product sales prices and a reduction in production due to the planned major overhaul of the polyolefin device.
urea sales were 12.14 million tons, an increase of 2.6 per cent in the same year; methanol sales were 997,000 tons, an increase of 16.1 per cent in the same year; ammonium sales were 295,000 tons, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year.
1883 yuan per ton, a 13.5 per cent decrease in the same year. Cost: The cost of sales per unit of company polyolefins was $6431 per ton, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the planned major repairs of polyolefin units; the cost of sales per unit of urea was $1308 per ton, a decrease of 11 per cent over the same period; and the cost of sales per unit of methanol was 11 per cent.
Cost was $1304 per ton, a 23.5 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to the impact of raw coal, reduced fuel coal purchase prices, etc.; Ammonium nitrate unit sales cost was $1384 per ton, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the same year, with Sindh Securities Inc.
This is mainly the impact of the same reduction in the cost of the by-products offsetting.cindasecuritiesco.,ltd continues to optimize the industrial layout, and priority projects are progressing steadily.
There are positive developments in the construction of projects.
The construction of coal mines in the gold towers (b) and reed ditches is progressing as planned, and will provide companies with a new increase in capacity.
The 2x350mw low-heat coal power generation project, which achieved nearly $1 billion in profits in the first half of the year, has become a new source of profit.
In the first half of 2025, company capital increased in the first half of the year.
By continuously optimizing the debt structure, companies have further reduced the cost of integrated finance by $242 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 18.95%. The industry’s leader has taken the lead in initiating large-scale asset acquisitions, and the acquisition or acceleration of medium coal energy assets.
Regulatory agencies such as the National Investment Commission and the CSRC have continued to promote the restructuring of mergers and acquisitions, encouraging high-quality assets to be placed on the market, improving the competitiveness of major companies, and resolving competition issues among their counterparts. China, as leader of the industry, has implemented large-scale asset acquisitions, signalling the extension of mergers and investments in the coal industry.
Source integration is entering a new phase, with important industry demonstration effects. As a coal industry leader, China has also made a commitment to resolving competition among its partners, and we believe that potential future acquisitions and consolidations will help to increase corporate overall size and profitability.
Implement a medium-term bonus that continuously enhances shareholder returns. The company actively returns to investors, making a cash bonus of 30% of the net profit of the parent under the \triangleright International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
The size of capital spending is expected to decline as construction projects continue, and companies may have greater capacity and willingness to raise the proportion of red. Profit predictions and investment ratings: performance stability as a result of the high percentage of coal energy ownership in China and China
The growth of endogenous business growth, accompanied by the orderly release of coal production, has resulted in net return profits of 16,966,183 million yuan per year for electricity and coal industry, with each share of the return being a risk factor: uncertainty in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy;
He was a member of the China Association for Prices, and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chairman).
Over a decade of research and advisory services in the coal and energy-related fields, over a period of more than 10 years, under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme”, the revision of industrial technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and in June 2016, under the auspices of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is currently responsible for research in the coal sector.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio Research and Development Centre in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream, Li Chunch, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin School, Texas University, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in public sector research at the University of Jilin, with a Master ' s degree in industrial economics.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to study the coal and steel sectors. What components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.