The fall in the price of coal leads to pressure on performance, with attention to high-scoring and growth potential The fall in the price of coal (601898.sh) and the pressure on performance, with attention to high-scoring and growth potential.
The company’s main industry is growing, while showing a high potential for “buy-in” ratings. The fall in coal prices has led to a decline in performance, and the fall in non-coal business costs has had a negative impact on hedge prices.
(1) Coal operations: RMB 60.570 billion in total operating income from the coal business of the company 2025h1, corresponding to 22.1 per cent of the year, ton of coal sold for coal produced by the company itself at a price of RMB 470 per ton, ton 19.5 per cent of the year, ton of coal at a cost of RMB 263 per ton, ton 10.2 per cent of the year, ton 207 ton of Maori, ton 27.7 per cent of the year) (2) non-coal operations: companies operate coal-chemicals
Lower purchase prices lower the cost of coal-based products and put appropriate downward pressure on hedge prices. • Companies have the potential to achieve high dividends and enhance intelligent construction to create a “new coal-electrification” chain of industries (1). Companies have the potential to increase the proportion of dividends. Corporate asset-liability rates have continued to decline since 2021, cutting them off.
The value of investment is high. (2) Imagine construction is strengthened to create a “coal-electric-chemical-new” chain of dense industries. In coal, companies are strengthening the intellectualization of coal mines, with 18 coal mines receiving and receiving from smart coal mines, with a total of 83 surfaces for intelligent coal mining and 93 surfaces for intelligent extraction.
It is planned to move forward, with an approved capacity of 6.4 million tons and an equity capacity of 3.24 million tons.
The civil engineering work on the tons polyolefins project was substantially completed: a demonstration of 100,000 tons of “Liquefied Sunshine” at Tuk level, a Pyramid Assessment Report 2025.4.28 The construction of the third 100mw photovoltage project in the soybean area was accelerated.
The effectiveness of the control of self-produced coal costs has been highlighted, with attention to high profits of close to 100 million yuan in the first half of the year, with synergies between the first phase of 100mw, the second phase of the 160mw photovoltaic project in the plain mines, and the second phase of the 132mw light-voltaic project of the new energy demonstration base in Shanghai, where electricity is generated online.
Red potential and growth - company report 2024.