Merchant ship re-innovation and future elasticity of oil operations
Realising $5,086 million, an increase of 40.92 per cent over the same period, meets our expectations. For single q4, the company ' s operating income stands at $8,129 million, an increase of 4.46 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity is $1,220 million, a decrease of 4.82 per cent over the same period.
Business efficiency is re-innovated, and weak cycle growth platform attributes are highlighted. In 2022, the company achieved a combined caloric net profit of $5 billion for the first time, after accounting for taxes, projected liabilities, credit impairment, etc.
Cagr reached 37.3 per cent and 52.6 per cent, respectively, and showed a strong stability in the more cyclical shipping industry, with oil operations beginning to reverse at 22q3 after their previous lows, with a sharp reversal of business performance. In the first half of 2022, China ' s crude oil imports contracted and excess capacity in the east increased, while fuel prices passed over $1,000 per ton and vlccctce ' s revenues deteriorated dramatically. After 22q3, with the increase in vlcc Atlantic position, the imbalance in the eastern cargoes improved, and the significant increase in crude oil exports in areas such as the United States of America and Brazil contributed to greater volatility in the eastern market.
The company ' s vlcc fleet benefited from the market reversal that began with 2022q3, with net profits of $882 million for the year, a significant loss to the same extent, and the company ' s spot-operated vlcc company, listed as the world ' s first-class tanker owner, demonstrated its ability to operate during the period of market escalation in August, September, October and November.
In spite of the apparent pressure in the second half of the year, the company’s two major business plates performed well. The overall performance of the international dry bulk market in 2022 was significantly lower than in the same period in 2021, with an annual average of 1934 points for the 2022 bdi index and 2943 points for the 2021 index, and in a weak bdi, the company’s fleets won the market and the fleet achieved average tce levels of $23,674, which was significantly higher than the atmosphere.
Growth of 6% in 2021. The third quarter began to weaken, with ccfi falling by 62% from 3344 points at the beginning of the year to 1271 points at the end of the year, and companies continued to perform better than 2 billion net gains under clear corporate pressure during the second half of the year.
We believe that the bulk of demand, such as coal and iron ore, is expected to return with the recovery of the domestic economy, and that the spread of the shipment is expected to shake upwards; that scfi and ccfi are now down to near pre-epidemiological levels below 1,000 points and are now starting to stabilize after both supply and demand pessimism are released; and that, with regard to oil transport, in the late season of March of this year, Clarksonvlcc received an average return of close to $100,000, although the current prices have fallen, the overall return remains at a low price.
In the light of the slow season, we believe that, in the wake of the resumption of domestic movements and the economic recovery, crude oil is finally subject to the market price of 6 April 2023, and this year's elasticity in the performance of the company's oil operations.
▪ Based on the company's annual report for 2022, and in view of the company's future elasticity in oil operations, we have been able to raise and maintain the company's “uptake” rating.
Oil transport requirements are lower than expected, fuel prices are significantly higher, and bulk and aggregate requirements are lower than expected.