The company disclosed its performance in the first quarter of 2023, with operating income of $5,883 million, a decrease of 3.49 per cent over the same period, and its net profit on maternity of $1,122 million, a decrease of 14.07 per cent over the same period.
The company’s performance declined slightly during the same period, when the company’s main business sector market was traditionally low. The crude oil transport market was low.
The seasons were not bleak, rising after the lows detected at the beginning of the year; the dry bulk market had been the worst in the last five years, and the seasonal rebound period after the spring season was clearly behind; the container shipping market had continued its low level since the last four quarters, and the overall prices had continued to fall; and the car rolling market had experienced a seasonal downturn in intra-trade, but foreign trade exports had continued to flourish as a result.
The net profit ratio is about 70% as a result of higher interest rates on interest and bank charges on long-term bank loans in the current period. Companies show greater stability and growth in the shipping industry, with weak cycle platform attributes again highlighted.
The oil industry has gone up and down. The world’s supply and demand relationship has improved, China’s recovery and the war in Russia and Russia have changed the global pattern of oil trade, and the industry has continued to rise. In March, year-on-year ws123.8, the wavehouse tce was assessed at $100,000 per day, reaching its peak in the season of last year.
The rate of long-term charter market freight rates for tankers has also increased significantly, and the rate of fleet charters will decline further as the chartered vessels fall due. The net profit of $764 million in the first quarter is a significant loss. The average daily rate of the fleet has reached $31,136 during the reporting period.
There has also been a three-digit rise in the same number. Of this amount, an amount of $48,207 was realized in January-March, and a portion of the Western Minister’s voyage was implemented, which is expected to provide a solid basis for the company’s performance growth in the second quarter.
The bdi index fell to 530 at the beginning of the year, but the rebound was strong. Under market pressure, the company ' s fleets won the market, achieving average tce levels of $31136 for the entire fleet, drying up the fleet, and the fleet ' s overall operations remained profitable for the first quarter.
The total market value (million yuan) has remained relatively low and has also expanded the scope for follow-up performance recovery. In the first quarter of the year, the combined operations managed to overcome the pressure of market depth and significant increases in charter costs, the Japanese and trans-Straits routes remained relatively profitable, the South-East Asian routes were very profitable, and the Australian routes suffered a certain loss, but there was momentum for improvements in each route starting in March.
After three months of average daily turnover (million yuan) and the Bureau of Merchant Shipping Ltd., looking forward to the city, the oil shipment is gaining momentum and the bulking operation has fallen to a low level with a rebound trend, which is expected this year's oil shipment.
Business elasticity. After a sharp rebound to 1603, bdi maintains a shock, and we believe that the demand for coal, charcoal, iron ore, etc., is expected to rise up as the domestic economy recovers, and that the spread is expected to fluctuate upwards; Scfi and ccfi have now fallen to near pre-epidemiological levels below 1,000, and are now grieving on both sides of supply and demand.
As for oil transport, although the Vlcc index declined significantly in April and May, it also returned only to the same level last year, with the oil shipment largely well-oriented and supply-demand relationship shrinking, and we believe that the oil industry is still on the rise, with the company vlcc operating at the top of the global scale, and will benefit from the industry. The dry out fleet is at the top of the world and is expected to use scale effects to increase profitability.
The Merchant Shipping Line 20221207 is an active route for foreign trade, and the benefits of foreign trade are rising rapidly.
In view of the elasticity of the company ' s future oil operations, we maintain previous corporate profitability forecasts and expect companies to be 2023 - qualified for portfolio investment consultancy
Transport: The demand for oil in shipping ports falls short of expectations, fuel prices rise significantly, and the demand for bulk and aggregate transport falls short of expectations.