{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002074} Obtained overseas by the public on May 12, 2023.
In a company announcement, the fully-owned subsidiaries have recently received a purchase order from a public group, and the Department will be the supplier of mass automobiles' iron phosphate “unifiedcell” for the overseas market.
The company is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell a new-energy car-powered lithium ion batteries autonomously, (standard cores) for lithium-powered battery products.
Autonomous core intellectual property rights, main business is lithium powered, mass group - global car taps, accelerated motor strategy: 8,263,000 vehicles sold in 22 years, two major business units: battery and transmission equipment, major product
The ball is ranked second, and the impact of the epidemic has continued to decline in recent years, but it remains stable in the city of Europe and America for positive materials, lithium cell cores, lithium batteries, battery management systems and storage batteries, transmission and distribution.
Third in the world, electric car sales account for about 7%, and are expected to reach products such as China/Europe/United States in 30 years. The sales of powered lithium batteries produced by companies over the years combined €122 billion in electric and digitized investments, an increase of 37% over the previous plan.
In China, Europe, and the United States, there are plans to produce electric vehicles simultaneously in three major markets, with an expected capacity of more than 1 million vehicles per year in China in 25 years.
By 30 years, about 70 ev-type vehicles will be introduced, and trends in the global sale of electric vehicles will be emerging. The country’s high-level cooperation has continued to deepen, and global competitiveness has increased steadily: the company has acquired lfp/triple standard cores in the popular Chinese market and lfp standard core products in the overseas market for 22 years and more recently, respectively.
Formally set, becoming the first standard core point supplier to the public, the first 20gwh standard core output is expected to be in production at 23q3 and the lfp standard core sample is now imported into the production line and is expected to supply meb platform products in bulk at the end of the year. Mass electric vehicle acceleration is expected to trigger a new growth curve for the company based on a new growth curve.
Total equity/flowa shares (million shares) we measure that the company is expected to supply 43~130gwh of global power cells to the public for 30 years, with a billion dollars in the company business, +465% of the year.
The US, Vietnam, and Thailand are making steady progress in building real-estate capacity, covering both the company’s overseas master-capacity plans and the three major new energy car markets in Europe, the US, and South-East Asia. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that this company is getting a standard feed point for the crowd group overseas.
It's a sign that the quality and supply of corporate products are recognized by the world's leading automobiles, that they are internationally advanced, that power cell technology and product competition are strong, that we're looking forward to a long-term and sustained increase in corporate global ownership, and that companies are expected to continue to benefit from the rapid growth of popular global electricization strategies.
Research assistant: Wu Xin Yu wuzhy@dxq.net.cn
1. Global competitiveness has risen steadily with the popular overseas market standard core.
1.1 Event: The company obtained a public group's standard core product fixation in the overseas market. The company announced that the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the compost countries had recently received a purchase fixation letter from the public group, which would serve as the supplier of the mass car's overseas market fixation for the mass vehicle's iron phosphate lithium “unifiedcell” powered lithium battery product.
Models and specifications for a full range of new energy vehicles for mass groups. 1.2 Mass groups: Global Automobile Leader, Accelerated Electrodynamic Strategy, Global Automotive Lead, European and American Market share secure. 8263 million vehicles sold by mass groups in 2022, the second largest in the world.
The Chinese/European sales volume of 3185 million vehicles was ranked first in all. Twenty years ago, affected by the epidemic, the downside of the economy, and the Russian-Turkish conflict, sales continued to decline, but the share of cities in Europe and North America remained stable at 28.6%.
High growth in electric car sales and the potential for growth of global sales are significant. 22 out of 572,000 vehicles sold by the Mass Group (23q1 + 141,000, corresponding to +26/+42 per cent, the third highest worldwide, with electric car sales accounting for about 7 per cent, with 11 per cent of European market sales leading the mass motorization process, and 7 per cent of North American market sales, with a significant 2-pt increase in ring sales. Based on the "newauto" released by the Mass Group in July 21
Long-term electric strategy, with China/Europe/United States electric vehicle sales accounting for 50/70% by 30 years, compared to nearly 47/59/43% of the current stage of upgrading space, with the potential for mass group global electric vehicle market sales to grow.
As part of the accelerated transition to power generation strategies, mass groups continued to add codes to their investment in electric technology development and development. The March performance launch announced an increase in the share of capex and digitalization in the latest five-year plan (23-27 years) from 56% to 68%, a total of about €122 billion, an increase of 37% over the previous plan.
Motor capacity, planned for simultaneous production of electric vehicles in three major markets: China, Europe, and the United States. The Zviko factory in Germany has been upgraded, and other factories, such as Han Norwe, are being upgraded. In the Chinese region, two meb plants in Shanghai/Amdam/Among Foshan have been launched in the id series, and the Mass Security Co-Foot Meb/Audi long spring pe plant is expected to be operational in 23/24, respectively, and the mass group in China is expected to have electric power in 25 years.
In the case of motor vehicles, the public plan is to launch, by 30 years, some 70 ev models, covering a wide range of product lines such as id, Odie-Tron and Porscheemacan, to fully meet the multi-priced inter-portfolio demand of the end market, and the global trend in the sale of electric vehicles.
Since 2020, when the group and the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement, the equity company became the first shareholder, the cooperation between the two parties continued to deepen, and transactions became more intense. Under the cooperation agreement, the two parties jointly developed a three-dollar and lfp standard electron core technology that will be applied in the future to 80% of the general population, and the company has now gained public access in March and recently, respectively.
According to the company’s annual report, the lfp standard core sample is now guided to the production line and is expected to be delivered in bulk to the mass meb platform by the end of the year.
A new phase of global supply will be opened, and the potential for business growth will expand. Mass groups will be able to pick up, expect high-growth electric vehicle sales over the next three years, and will begin to import standard core products in 23 years, with companies acting as global anchor suppliers of standard mass cores, mass electric vehicles, 9 million vehicles sold globally by mass groups each year, with 40% to 60% of electric vehicles sold (360 to 5.4 million).
Under the assumption of 80 per cent core demand and 20-40 per cent supply by companies to the public, the company is expected to supply 43-130gwh of global power cells to mass groups, and the potential for business growth is expected to expand.
Overseas operations are expanding into fast lanes, leading the industry out of the sea. The company’s overseas operations have maintained a high rate of growth of $2.98 billion in 22 years, i.e. +465 per cent in comparison with +465 per cent, 13 per cent of total receipts, and 7.8 per cent in comparison. The company has accelerated the expansion of overseas production bases, the German company’s 5gwh factory in Göttingen successfully reached production in 22 years, the United States, Viet Nam, and Thailand, among others, have made steady progress in building real-estate capacity, with the company’s total overseas capacity planning exceeding 100 gwh in 23 years.
15~20gwh, achieving industry’s leading overseas capacity and coverage of the three major new energy car markets in Europe, the United States, and South-East Asia. We believe that the company’s acquisition of a standard overseas power core point for a mass group, which is recognized by the world’s leading group of cars for the quality and supply of its products, has reached an internationally advanced level, with power cell technology and product competition strong, while the global supply public will be a corporate country.
The interconnectivity strategy’s nodes, which help drive the break-over of overseas operations, are expected to expand the global market quickly and build a good branding effect, drawing on the growing experience of business cooperation with the public. We look forward to a long-term and sustained increase in corporate global city ownership, a company that is expected to continue to benefit from the benefits of partnerships at the rapid pace of the worldwide electricization strategy, and a close collaboration between business and technology that will continue to tap into the company’s growth potential.
The demand for end-uses, such as electric cars/storage, has grown less than expected, the company’s cooperation with the general public/public sales are less advanced than expected, the company’s production capacity is less advanced, the company’s costs/profits have improved less than expected, and industry competition has intensified more than expected.
The world's competitiveness has grown steadily, thanks to the standard electron cores of the public overseas market, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002074}According to standard electron cores in the public overseas market, global competitiveness has increased steadily.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.