The top-down (002475.sz) promotion of performance in the second half of the year, and product expansion of future space taxes) is delivered to the red stock of 0 shares to increase the capital pool by 5 shares per 10 shares for all shareholders.
Rapid growth in 2016, with a small increase in profitability: the industrial boom in the second half of 2016, with companies acquiring a combination of R & D technologies, process levels and delivery elasticities, the growth of new projects and orders, including those of core customers, and the consequent sharp rise in revenues from telecommunications and consumer electronics
This boosted the annual increase in sales revenue by 35.7 per cent to 13.36 billion yuan. The net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company increased only slightly by 7.2 per cent to 1.16 billion yuan over the same year, as the expansion of new products required a much larger up-front investment and a gradual climb in the profitability of the products.
The small decline in the Māori rate was constrained by the expansion of new products and the continued expansion of the cost increase: the company ' s Māori rate was 21.5 per cent for the whole of 2016, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points from the same year, and despite the significant increase in the scale of sales achieved through the promotion and expansion of the product market, especially in telecommunications and consumer electronics.
Continued promotion of the Māori rate still requires a process of climbing, and changes in product structure have reduced the overall Māori rate. Corporate management and financial costs have increased by 0.5 and 0.7 percentage points, respectively, while sales costs have remained stable, and companies have continued to expand their production lines in such areas as Kunshan and Dongjung.
Future development strategies and business plans: companies have interconnected supply chains, and future strategies include “old product to new customer markets” and “new product to older customers.”
(a) “New markets for old products, new customers”, with the exception of computer perimeters, with the exception of sophisticated communications: limited speed of performance in R & D, new products, and in electronics, with companies actively developing business and markets in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc.;
New products, investing in customers and markets for new products, such as acoustic devices, audio frequency, and wireless charging. Market access for new products, such as acoustic components, wireless charging, has not expanded as expected.
A 3.5% rise. Given the stability of the traditional connectionr product business, the company obtained orders from downstream customers, such as core customers, based on its advantages in R & D technology, process water and delivery elasticity, resulting in a significant increase in its income from communications and consumer sub-products, and a small increase in net profits despite high operating costs.
(i) A significant increase in revenues and a small increase in net profits in 2016 The company ' s sales revenue for the entire year 2016 was 13.36 billion yuan, an increase of 35.7 per cent over the same year, despite the fact that the company acquired new projects based on a combination of R & D technology, process levels and delivery elasticity, despite fluctuations in the volume of goods produced by its core clients
In 2016, the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $1.16 billion, an increase of 7.2%, and the net profit of $0.60 per share, an increase of 3.5%. In the context of a sustained expansion in the scale of sales, the company ' s cost inputs increased significantly to make it profitable.
The market, the maori climb of new products, and the restructuring of products have led to a slight decline in the Māori rate. Corporate management costs increased by 0.5 percentage points in the same year, mainly in terms of investment in research and development of new products, while sales costs remained stable and financial costs increased by 0.7 percentage points.
The turnover of accounts payable was 82 days, with a small increase. Interest expenditure continued to grow in the regions of Kunshan, Kyongzhou, Dongjung, etc. in 2016 was still small and was reliable. (ii) The income from the fourth quarter of 2016 increased rapidly and the net profit steadily increased.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the company achieved operating income of $5.45 billion, an increase of 69.5 per cent over the same period, a net gain attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, a gain of $480 million, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the same period. The company ' s operating income in the fourth quarter grew significantly faster than the entire year, and the company ' s product orders continued to increase with the arrival of the industrial boom in the second half of the year.
More was also confirmed in the fourth quarter, but net profits continued to grow at a higher rate than the year-wide increase, starting with the second quarter, and figure 9: over the past 12 quarters, the company received 50.2 per cent and 56.3 per cent, respectively, of its main products in the area of telecommunications and consumer electronics.
Inward growth has resulted in a sustained increase in orders from core clients, including through new product R & D and process controls, while centralized computer connector products have been growing at a robust rate. With regard to domestic and foreign market segments, the domestic market has grown at a significantly higher rate than overseas, with a small decline in the Māori ratio for both major product and market segments.
The company's business products include connection lines, connectors, acoustic radio-frequency devices, wireless chargers, fpc, electronic modules, etc., which transmits downstream customers, mainly from computer and consumer electronics manufacturers, and are now being developed in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc.
Companies ' revenues in the area of communications and consumer electronics rose significantly by 50.2% and 56.3%, respectively, each year, and companies increased orders from downstream customers when they obtained approval for the relevant industries through advances in R & D inputs and process control. Companies also increased their revenues at a steady rate of 18.5% with respect to traditional computer connectors.
In terms of product breakdowns, there has been a slight decline in the Māori rate of corporate products. For key products, computer Internet, communication and 21.0%, Māori rates are still climbing as the scale of new products continues to expand.
In 2016, corporate domestic market sales accounted for $2.17 billion of total revenue, an increase of 61.1%, and 15.8% of total sales revenue, although the share is still small, but the company’s opening of the domestic market has yielded effective results. Foreign market sales have been growing steadily, and corporate large offshore clients’ strategies have achieved significant results in the second half of the year, accompanied by a strong industrial boom.
In the face of increased customer demand in the domestic market, the company ' s future product structure is still expected to be continuously adjusted. Figure 15: Income from product breakdowns over the past three years (iii) Future development strategies and business plans: new clients and new markets for products
The company is the provider of an interconnectivity programme that combines research and development, design, production and marketing of interconnected solutions, with a complete industrial chain, and will in the future focus on the business extension thinking of “old products, new markets for new customers” and “old customers, new markets for new customers”, 2017: in addition to computer perimeters, consumer electronics, companies are active in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc.
“Old Clients, New Products”: Investing in customers and markets for new products such as acoustic devices, audio frequency, wireless charging, etc. \triangleright III, profit forecasting and investment proposals
The arrival of core customer end-products is below expectations; market competition leads to a decline in product profitability; new product market channels such as acoustic components, wireless charging, etc. are not expanding as expected.