Long-power technology (600584), IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment, continued to increase profitability, sealing taps up the stairs.
With the introduction of a new management team in 2019, long power technology has achieved five consecutive quarters of Māori growth, with strong evidence that corporate profitability has continued to increase under the leadership of the new management.
With management teams with global leadership in findingry, osat, and idm, further deepening and implementation of their refined management concepts, corporate profitability is expected to continue to improve. Global core clients are embraced by bases inside and outside the country, and new technologies offer new opportunities.
Total equity/flow (million shares) The emergence of new technologies such as auto electronics, storage, ai, iot, etc., with more stringent requirements for semiconductor sealing.
The 12-month maximum/minimum (millimeter) programme, with technological strength ahead of or even partially ahead of international advanced levels, is expected to meet the demand for orders arising from the upgrading of new technologies.
Long Electric Technologies (600584), "Successful breakout, like high-density tip technology at the 5g mobile end, which has been supplemented by multiple offshore taps to recreate the sealing tap" -- 2020/05/05
Households have completed the 5g radio frequency module development and volume production, and high density aip has been imported into production. In addition, the Department has a full customer accumulation in a number of core areas, such as base stations, data centres, vehicle electronics, storage chips, artificial intelligence, and the Internet.
In a wave of technological change, long-term electricity technology is expected to seize the opportunity to take advantage of the higher levels of opportunity. The sip envelopes tend to increase the edge of the extended stupor. The arrival of 5g also brings with it an increase in integration, but the limited internal value of electronics is already stretched, sip.
Seals are becoming industry trends, and yole data show that in 2023, the world's radio front end sip covers a market size of $5.3 billion, with a complex rate of 11.3 per cent, and accumulates long-term electrical technology in the field of sip covers for many years, with multiple levels of integration ranging from p-sip to rffesip.
With the approval of a core of key major clients, the subsidiary jsck already has experience in sip wrapping, with annual revenues of about $800 million from high-level sip wrapping. This is proposed to raise $5 billion for investment in "high-density integrated circuits and system-grade containment modules" ,
As the project lands, it will be effective to strengthen the company's operational capacity in the areas of sip, qfn, bga and to further reduce financial costs and enhance its performance.
Under the dark cloud of the big game and the new crown epidemic, the semiconductor climate has not yet been lifted, and in the last two months, power generation and middle-core have increased their capital spending plans for the year 2020 in order to show a remarkable improvement in the industry.
One leading firm, this quarter’s strong performance has benefited from both the high profile at the industry level and the increased profitability associated with fine management. In the future, long power technology, driven by new technologies, new markets, new teams, and new projects, will be both business size and technology.
Profitability will go even further from the world’s leading osat enterprise. Companies are expected to maintain a sustained climate for some time, and long-range technology has global nuclear power in the 5g market 1) the global epidemic is over-expected; 2) uncertainty in the middle-American game; 3) the semi-conductor landscape is not good
(iv) The implementation of the fund-raising project has not progressed as expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report