In the first half of the year, there was a sharp reversal in the loss and the closure of the long line of beneficiary production replacements: companies issued a mid-term performance report for 2020, which achieved operating income of $11.98 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 30.9 per cent, the Māori rate of 14.6 per cent, an increase of 5.3 percentage points in the same year and a net profit of $370 million attributable to the parent company.
The net profit in East was $230 million, a loss of $210 million over the same period last year.  Strong international domestic demand, with the Māori ratio rising with capacity utilization: the first half of the year was affected by the new crown epidemic, and the global semiconductor industry was depressed, but companies benefited from improved management and domesticized demand, resulting in growth in their performance.
Long Power Technology – The year-on-year rise in revenue was largely due to strong demand for international and domestic priority client orders, and production splits.
The increase in revenue on mobile end-sip orders increased by 153.6 per cent on the same year, with a small increase in Changzhou, housing, and Long Power Headquarters, with only a 26.1 per cent decline in the first half of the year in long-term electricity, with an increase in capacity utilization, the first half of the year marked a significant reduction in the cost of capital controls and a significant improvement in profitability: the company continued to raise costs and fees from the optimization of its management team.
By means of controls, the sales/management/financial cost rate decreased by 0.42.1/2.2 percentage points in the first half of the year and the profitability increased significantly. The R&D rate increased by 4.3 percentage points in the same year, to a value of 40.9% in the first half of the year.
The seal solution is a cornerstone of performance growth, and sustained research and development investment ensures companies’ stable competitiveness in the global market. The net profits of the first half of the year were higher than the losses of the previous year, with major starry combs and long-power Korea losing a lot, while the Länder, housing and Long-Cables also achieved profit growth as a result of higher capacity utilization and improved management efficiency.
As the continent's most advanced anchor, Jung-hoon is ranked fourth in the world, with Sip, wlcsp, fc, 2.5d/3d.
In the current period, when the state supports the development of the integrated circuit industry, the demand for 5g communications, artificial intelligence, personal networking, motor electronics, etc. is constantly growing, the demand for semiconductors is growing in the domestic market, and the technology of the integrated circuits industry is blocking the chain for domestic manufacturers.
Long-term electric technology: In 2019, the loss was reversed, and the creation of 20q1 fully ensured the demand for national production alternatives. At the same time, the company announced that no more than $5 billion would be released in public for new production expansion to meet the growing demand for 5g communications, artificial intelligence, etc.
Long electricity technology: The first half of the year has seen steady growth, improved profitability, a step-by-step expansion of the size of the company and market share, increased performance, and sustained growth of the company. Long electricity technology: integration begins to yield results, and future profitability increases.
Long-power technology: The market outlook continues to improve, and there is a convergence of long-power technology: medium-term performance improvement continues, and integration pushes unindustrial competition leading to price changes for products; the process of expansion of new production capacity is not as fast as expected.