Aluminium is now the world's largest aluminium oxide, electricity.
Aluminium disassembly, fine aluminium oxide, high-purity aluminium and anode production supplier for aluminium oxide, formation of five major business plates for aluminium oxide, original aluminium, energy, trade and headquarters and other operations, covering the aluminium industry Market value (PRC): $5.28
External resources amounting to 1.76 billion tons, resulting in a coordinated distribution of resources, both within and outside the country; 19 per cent of the shares in the Aluminium under the banner of the Aluminium Group and 29.1 per cent of the accumulated shares in the Aluminium Group were acquired in 2022 to become shareholders in the Aluminium Holdings and domestic resource holdings were further enhanced.
The company has 2.226 million tons of aluminium oxide and 7.506 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production. Two million tons of aluminium oxide production from Guangxihua New Materials Ltd. is part of the Guinea boffa mine.
Aluminium oxide production capacity will increase further in the future as the Guangxihua Phase II project moves forward. High geographical dispersion of production capacity and abundance of electricity use guarantee companies less affected production in the context of electricity stress and energy consumption.
The company adheres to comprehensive budget management, implementing a three-year downscaling plan of 2.0, strengthening cost “five” closed-ring management, solidly implementing specific initiatives such as efficiency and rigid 1% drops, and electrolytic aluminium landings winning the industry average.
The right to become a controlling shareholder of the Aluminium shares, to include the Aluminium shares in the consolidated statements, to effectively resolve the competition between the Sino-Aluminium Group and the Aluminium shares, but between the company and the Aluminium shares, has not yet been fully settled, and the company has presented to the Aluminium shares the report on Avoiding the Aluminium shares with Yunnan.
The company's combined holdings of 22.26 million tons of aluminium oxide would be a good match for 7.556 million tons of electrolytic aluminum, and 88.6% of the shares of aluminum would reduce electricity use.
In the medium-to-long term, influenced by factors such as possible carbon taxes and electricity prices in the subsequent colored industry, the aluminium price operation hub will be able to increase the price of aluminium.
Aluminium oxide prices are expected to remain at the current central level. Profit projections, valuations and ratings 10.17 times per cent valuation of the electrolytic aluminium industry in 2023 and company historical valuation levels.
Taking into account the company's domestic electrolytic aluminum tap status and future growth, the prices of the product fell sharply in 2023; the production costs of the electrolytic aluminum resumed less than expected; and the production costs rose significantly.
China's aluminium industry is the leading industry in the country. The company was established in 2001 and was listed in Newton and Hong Kong in the same year, and its shares were traded in 2007. After more than two decades of deep farming, the company has now grown into the world's largest producer of aluminium oxide, alumina, electrolysis, fine aluminium oxide, high-purity aluminium, and anode for aluminium oxide, primary aluminium, energy, and tradium.
Aluminium oxide plates include bauxite mining, purchase, production of aluminium oxide and sale to intra-group electrolytic aluminium enterprises and external customers. Of this, the company produces more than 4 million tons of fine aluminium per year, and the products are widely used for man-made panels, ceramics, active oxygen.
Aluminium oxidation, high-temperature aluminium oxide, sodium water-purified aluminium acid, and pharmaceutical aluminium rubber raw materials. (2) The primary business of the original aluminium plate is the production of aluminium oxide electrolysis into the original aluminium and its sale to intra-group trading enterprises and external customers.
(3) The energy plate includes coal, thermal power, wind power, photovoltaic power, and the manufacture of new energy equipment.
Trade and logistics services for primary combustion materials, such as products and coal, also include the sale of products produced by companies. (5) The headquarters and other operating plates are responsible for research and development related to the aluminium business and have the only major scientific research institution in China in the field of light metals, the China Institute of Light Metals of the Aluminium Industry and the National Technical Research Centre for Aluminium Smelting Engineering.
As of 31 December 2022, China's aluminium industry group held 29.43% of the company's shares directly, indirectly acquired 19% of the shares in the aluminium stock through subsidiaries, held 29.1% of the shares in the aluminium stock, and acquired the volume of trading operations in the aluminium aluminium held by the aluminium group in China.
The decline was greater than the decline in the size of the harvest, mainly because of the shrinking profit margin for aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium products in the context of higher raw materials and energy costs. 102023 The Division achieved a net return profit by reducing the combined electricity consumption of electrolytic aluminium through technological innovation and easing the pressure of higher raw materials costs, while the prices of products fell on a year-on-year basis and the prices of raw materials increased.
By the end of 2022, the company had 2,357 million tons of bauxite resources, of which 1.76 billion tons were overseas, to achieve a coordinated distribution of resources within and outside the country and to safeguard the resource requirements of the company ' s main business blocks. In 2022, the company became a shareholding in the Aluminium shares.
To the east, the company ' s domestic resource holdings were further enhanced by using the shares of aluminum in the bauxite resource bag in Yunnan. 2 million tons of aluminum oxide project in Guangxihua was completed in September 2020, the capacity utilization of aluminium oxide was increased throughout the year in 2021, and the production of aluminum oxide was 17.53 million tons in 2021, adjusted retroactively; and the company ' s aluminium oxide production in 2022 was completed.
Between 0.6 and 17.64 million tons of the same volume increase, with 5.23 million tons sold to the outside world. At the same time, the company’s production of fine aluminium oxides is growing year by year, with 1,110,000 tons of aluminum chemical production, an increase of 7.56 per cent from the same year.
6.88 million tons. The increase of 8.01 per cent over the same year, after retroactive adjustment, is illustrated in figure 5: Aluminium oxide production continues to grow, output is geographically dispersed and energy structures continue to optimize to open the space for cost reduction.
Aluminium oxide production capacity in the form of a package for the Guinean boffa, which will increase further in the future as the Guangxihua Xiaohua II project progresses. Aluminium oxide production capacity in the company is mainly distributed among the main aluminium oxide owners in Henan, Shanxi, Guangxi, and Guizhou.
The distribution of bauxite resources is more comparable: electrolytic aluminium production is mainly distributed in Yunnan, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Qinghai, Shanxi, etc., with higher geographical dispersion of electrolytic aluminum production, and the company is more affected by the re-emergence of district-level energy consumption restrictions
Figure 9: The distribution of the power of electrolytic aluminium production by region The company uses clean energy for local use, and in 2022 the green power used in the production of electrolytic aluminium (including wind power, new photovoltaic energy, water) reached 45% of total electricity use, with 29% of hydropower and 16% of new photovoltaic energy.
The share of clean energy used by enterprises has increased to varying degrees, from 88.6 per cent in the case of Aluminium shares to 80.4 per cent in the case of Aluminium in Lanzhou, and 67.4 per cent in the case of clean energy.
To a lesser extent, it creates a unique advantage for a company to be productive and sound. Companies insist on comprehensive budget management, implementing a three-year downscaling plan, line 2.0. Strengthened cost “five-fold” closed-ring management, solidly undertaking ad hoc actions such as high-efficiency and rigid 1% drops, electrolysis, aluminium landings and winning industry averages.
iii. Aluminium shares, which can be expanded up to 3.1 and Aluminium shares, which are gradually settled by competition between the company and the Aluminium Aluminium Group, with a high degree of overlap and marked inter-occupational competition.
The China-Aluminium Group undertook to start planning for the integration of the competition industry in 2019 and to resolve the competition issue within five years. In 2022, the company acquired 19 per cent of the shares of the Aluminium in Yunnan Metallurgium in cash by means of a private agreement, and the deal was concluded, and the company held about 29.1 per cent of the shares in the Aluminium, becoming the first major shareholder in the Aluminium stock and incorporating the shares in the Aluminium in the Consolidated Report.
The deal effectively resolved the issue of inter-occupational competition between the Sino-Aluminium group and the Aluminium group, but the issue of inter-occupational competition between the company and the Aluminium stock has not yet been fully resolved. The company has issued to the Aluminium shares a letter of commitment to avoid competing with the Aluminium industry in Yunnan, the duration of the commitments, modalities, etc., consistent with the commitments of the Sino-Aluminium group.
In July 2022, China’s aluminium industry acquired 19% of the shares in Yunnan Metallurg, and the shares were registered in November 2022. After the transaction was completed, the company held 29.10% of the shares in the shares and became the first major shareholder in the shares in the shares, and the shares in the shares were included in the consolidated statements of the companies.
Prior to the Aluminium Uranium shares, the company owned 2.08 million tons of aluminium oxide, 4.4560 million tons of aluminium electrolytic, converted to 1.92 tons of oxygen aluminium, produced more than one tons of aluminium electrolytic, produced by the company with a self-sufficiency rate of more than 200 per cent, and sold 5.23 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2022 after it had been used internally. The Aluminium shares owned 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, which was difficult to match 3.05 million tons of aluminium electrolytic.
The demand for raw materials for production capacity requires external procurement of aluminium oxide for production purposes. The company's combined stock of aluminium hydride, with a total of 22.26 million tons of aluminium oxidation, would be a better match for 750.6 million tons of electrolytic aluminum, while the hydropower advantage of 88.6 per cent of the structure would further reduce the cost of electricity use, and the industrial chain would be integrated.