Newtimesecurities Building on the Platform's Strengths to Enhance Capacity for Integrated Financial Services - First Coverage Report by ZBN (601916.sh)
A deep-farming private-sector-owned bank, with “a+h” on the market, has a fragmented equity structure and no real shareholders. With a brand-based focus on the public, micro, retail, and business sectors, the Bank has a platform-based service that feeds into a long triangle of primary services for the private economy.
At the end of the asset: interest-bearing assets expand, with a clear yield advantage: assets continue to grow in size and are permanently at the upstream level of the industry. Loans and advances are relatively high, financial investments are rising rapidly, and cash and central bank deposits are declining.
The interest-bearing asset yields have been increasing. The advantage of interest-bearing assets has been clear, resulting in a net balance of interest for the bank that has been higher than the industry average since 2018.
End of liability: increase the ratio of deposits, reduce the liability of peers, and continue to optimize the structure. The Bank of Zimmers continuously adjusts its liability structure to increase the ability to invest in standardized assets by reducing the liability of its peers, reducing the size of unvalued investments and increasing the ability to invest.
With a relatively high share of money, and a much better margin for future deposit structures, a lower share of term deposits would help to reduce the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. For public ownership, the ratio of non-interestable income would increase: loans issued and interest payments on advances made in interest income from Zimmerbank
Among them, interest on business loans accounts for more than 60% over the long term, and retail revenues for less. The net spread of retail sales is relatively high and the negative rate is relatively low, compared to the firm’s business, and the retail transformation is moving forward and is an important direction for the future optimized corporate income structure.
The share of interest income is lower than the average share-based bank value, and there is much room for improvement in the future. The quality of assets remains stable: the quality of bank loans at Zimmer Bank remains good, and the rate of non-performing loans is consistently low in the community.
The overall rate of badness has been further reduced. The long-standing pre-cooperative coverage of ZBBs, and the drop in the coverage rate, will release the company’s credit-investment capacity and help to increase profits.
Profit projections, valuations and ratings: we value the merchant bank using a two-stage ddm and a relative valuation method. Under the ddm method, we arrive at a company valuation level of $5.5-6.5; in contrast, we value the merchant bank using a two-stage ddm and a relative valuation method. For risk-free interest rates,
We use the 10-year average of national interest rates on debt over the past year, and we use sensitivity to test abnormal valuation criteria, and we assume that we are affected by the epidemic, and that China’s economy will recover slowly in 2020, leading to a further underestimation of the banking sector. At the same time, the global banking sector is suffering from a slowdown in economic growth, a period of low interest rates, and an era of low interest rates.
The impact of exposure to emerging market risks, the slowdown in the scale of credit, the triple challenge for our banking sector: “asset waste,” “breath-over” and “risk flash” – as well as the need for tighter regulation and digital attackers. As a top-class business, corporate retailing can be influenced by overall macroeconomics, with higher sensitivity.
We disagree with the market's view that the company is growing rapidly by failing to capture the benefits of listing in the country. But we agree that the company, with its many years of market advantage in Hong Kong, has a certain business and profit experience and is now looking forward to it.
Long-term stock-price catalysts: China’s long-term economic and structural development, further improvement of financial markets, and the transformation and reform of the public administration’s business structure.
Short-term share price catalysts: layout according to a well-precised, long-triangular, highly market-oriented region, maintaining a market orientation that supports private enterprises, especially SMEs, and promoting service concepts around the service entity economy: focus on small, micro-clients, and an increase in the share of high-quality assets; loan size and fees and commission revenues are expected to increase.
The worsening macroeconomic situation, increased competition, etc., has led to increased market concentration, deteriorating corporate financial positions and pressure on the quality of production; business risks arising from business transformation; policy risks resulting from tightening regulations; market risks resulting from the impact of the epidemic, such as credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk; and other risks: wind from force majeure
Risks, such as the new coronary virus, which suspends the operation of the institution, etc., 1 - Chest Bank: A share-based bank with a highly marketed private economy (601916.sh) was reorganized in 2004 by the former Zhejiang Commercial Bank, which is the China Banking Commission
By late 2019, the Bank of Zhejiang had 260 branches in 19 provinces (direct city) and the Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong, leading to the realization of the Long Triangle, the Ring Sea, the Pearl Triangle and some of the Midwest.
CSIC gives the highest rating of aaa main credit in the financial institutions of ZZB, 1.1. The company is a “a+h” listed bank with a more decentralized equity structure, formerly a “Zijiang commercial bank”.
On 30 June 2004, the Chinese Banking Commission approved the reorganization of Zhejiang Commercial Bank into a Chinese-owned commercial bank known as the “Zejiang Bank, Inc.” and the General Secretary.
On 18 August 2004, ZBH opened its business and on 30 March 2016, ZBK (2016.hk) was listed at the Hong Kong Union Portfolio; on 26 November 2019, ZBK (601916.sh) was placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Listed as the country's 13th “a+h” bank. Prior to the issuance of ipo, the top 10 shareholders in the company were Zhejiang Province Financial Holdings Ltd., Travelers' Automobiles Ltd., Tyakart Group Holdings Ltd., Zhejiang Energy Group Ltd., Life Insurance Unit
Zhejiang Youngley Industries Group Ltd., Tung United Capital Management Ltd., Zhejiang Japan Development Holdings Group Ltd., Zhejiang Heung Gao New Materials Co. Ltd. and Zhejiang Hangang Group Ltd. Of these, the second-largest shareholder Travelers Group Ltd. was a subsidiary of the Andang Insurance Group.
In November 2019, as a result of the asset divestiture carried out by the Anbon Group after taking over, the Working Group on the takeover of the Anbon Insurance Group of China's Silver Insurance Supervisory Board, Inc., was commissioned by the Central Court of Shanghai I to dispose of 1,346 million shares of the Chest Bank held by the Travelers Motors Group, with a minimum transfer price of $6,869 million.
Since the transfer of the shareholding took place on the eve of the return to the market of the bank, the recipient of the shareholding had to make a commitment to hold the shares within 36 months of the date on which they were listed. As a result, the short-term share price of the bank had a limited impact.
The top ten shareholders are Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd., Zhejiang Province Financial Holdings Ltd., Travelers ' Automobile Group Ltd., Tyakart Group Holdings Ltd., Zhejiang Energy Group Ltd., Life and Life Insurance Company Ltd., Zhejiang Youngshu.
Industry Group Ltd., Union Capital Management Ltd., Zhejiang Day Development Holding Group Ltd., Zhejiang Gang Hang-hoon, according to the mid-2020 report, as at 30 June 2020, the number of institutional holdings (7 in total) fell significantly from the 81 (901 in total) at the end of 2019, of which the main group,
1.2. Platform-based services, stock-based banks that have extended their cultivation of the main services of the private economy
The nature of the financial services entity economy requires a commitment to building “the most competitive national share-holding commercial bank and the most important financial platform in Zhejiang province.” Business has continued to grow by enhancing the response of financial science and technology to companies, building platform services and smart banking for services.
First, public business is the core competitiveness of separators ' banks, of which small businesses are growing faster. By the end of 2019, the number of customers in the company was 111,391, representing an increase of 17,819 compared to the end of 2018, representing an increase of 19.04 per cent; The balance of corporate loans was $679,610 million, representing an increase of $76,352 million, or 12.66 per cent, compared with the end of the previous year.
Basic business platforms such as silver, the receivable chain, combining different applications to create new business models and products, and reducing them, and, secondly, accelerating the transformation of retail banking and strengthening financial technology applications such as big data, block chains, artificial intelligence. As of the end of 2019, the balance of personal financial assets in merchant banks stood at $489.516 million.
18.54% more than at the beginning of 2019; 4.33% more than at the beginning of 2019, with 4,746.2 million active individual clients. Third, thanks to the nationalization of the business, the Bank of Zimmers has innovatively introduced its own foreign currency integration platform service system, such as “Technology + Vision Finance + Small and Medium Enterprises.”
In-depth follow-up on changes in foreign exchange markets, reducing foreign exchange losses for clients through rich foreign exchange transactions, improving the ability of foreign trade enterprises to cope with exchange rate risks, completing international settlements of $90 billion throughout 2019, crediting $4.8 billion in external and external trade finance and $46.2 billion in foreign exchange transactions on behalf of customers.
In terms of the size of assets, the number of businesses, and the percentage of revenues received, the long triangle is ahead of several other regions. The long triangle bank has 140 points in total in the long triangle, which is higher than the sum of the other three.
The main sources of revenue were $25.940 billion in the long triangle in 2019, representing 55.95 per cent of the total; 18.03 per cent and 17.94 per cent, respectively, in the western and central regions; and the relatively small size of the operation in the Pearl triangle, which accounted for the proportion of operating income in the Zhehu Bank sub-regions (thousands of dollars).
Portfolio network (homes) 2. Assets continue to grow at a faster rate than the industry average 2.1. Assets end: interest-bearing assets expand, yielding significant advantages
From 2013 to 2018, the Bank of Zimmers grew its assets at the top of the list, at a rate of 9.36% in 2019, at the same rate.
At the end of the first quarter of 2020, the total assets of merchant banks and banks amounted to $1,827.566 billion, an increase of $26.780 billion, or 1.49 per cent, compared to the end of 2019. Interest-bearing assets accounted for more than 93 per cent of the assets of merchant banks.
The ratio of loans and advances to interest-bearing assets has been around 60% since then, with the share of other assets expanding in recent years and the share of loans and advances shrinking, but the share of loans remains high in the first quarter of 2020.
Since 2018, Merchant Bank has been increasing its credit investment, which, taken as a whole, accounts for about 61% of the total financial investment, while transactional financial assets account for about 22%.
According to the 2019 newspaper, interest-bearing bank assets are mainly loan-based and advance-based.
(59.97%), financial investments (31.10%), deposits with the Central Bank (7.87%) and deposits with and from its financial institutions (1.06%). The above-mentioned asset returns ranged from the issuance of loans and advances (5.76%), financial investments (4.59%), deposits with partners and other financial institutions (2.03%), and deposits.
Central bank funds (1.5 per cent), compared with interest-bearing assets yielding 4.89 per cent over the same period. It can be observed that the rate of return on loans is significantly higher than the rate of return on interest-bearing assets, while the higher rate of return on loans and the larger share of loans accounts for the overall interest-bearing assets.
Of this amount, $12.97 billion was left in individual loans and $53 billion in housing loans; $93 billion in consumer-type loans. In terms of loan returns, the lower individual loan rate was higher, 6.52 per cent, and the larger enterprise loan rate was 5.52 per cent, while the overall loan rate was 5.76 per cent.
Merchant bank loans are still dominated by business lending operations, and in the future, as retailing expands, lending is optimized, and interest-bearing asset returns are expected to increase further.
As a whole, the absorption of deposits is the largest part of the interest-bearing liabilities of the merchant banks, and the ratio of debt payable to bonds and associates doubles down. Overall, the absorption of deposits is the largest component of the interest-paying liabilities of the merchant banks, accounting for more than half of the long term. In recent years, there has been a contraction in the size of other types of liabilities, such as debt payable to bonds, corporate liabilities, etc.
The proportion of bank deposits absorbed from 55.48 per cent in 2015 to 77.99 per cent in the first quarter of 2020. In the case of bonds, it increased and decreased, and pre-2019, when the bank raised funds through the open market, it rose from 1.06 per cent in 2010 to 17.68 per cent by the end of 2018, and has fallen since 2019.
Since the beginning of the year, the epidemic has affected the ratio of bond payables to merchant banks decreased to 10.75 per cent in the first quarter of 2020. Moreover, 4.94 per cent in the first quarter.
The proportion of fixed-term deposits held by the Bank is more than 60% of the total, and by enterprises is higher than 85% of the total. The proportion of fixed-term deposits held by the Bank is stable over the long term at more than 60%, while the ratio of fixed-term deposits held by the Bank in 2019 was 67.26%.
At 3.09%, the rate is 2 percentage points higher than the rate of 1.09% of current deposits; the average interest rate on retail business end term deposits raises the cost of the overall interest-bearing liability. Looking ahead, there is much room for optimization of the bank deposit structure, and a decline in the time-deposit ratio will help to reduce the cost of the interest-bearing liability.
Overall, ZBBs are still predominantly corporate, with retail operations increasing year by year and increasing at a faster rate. The ZBBC deposits gradually fell from 95.50% in 2015 to 86.96% in the first quarter of 2020, helping to reduce the cost of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities because of the relatively low cost of public deposits.
The ratio has been rising and growing faster every year, with retail deposits from ZB banks rapidly increasing from 4.50 per cent in 2015 to 13.04 per cent in 2019 and increasing at over 80 per cent over the last three years. The retail transformation of ZB banks has been effective, helping to widen the company ' s lines of operation and maintain customer stickyness.
The cost-effectiveness of interest-bearing liabilities in merchant banks is not evident. The cost-effectiveness of interest-bearing liabilities in merchant banks was 2.81 per cent in 2019, the third highest for all listed banks. The annual report in 2019 showed that interest-bearing liabilities in merchant banks were mainly absorbed deposits (64.40 per cent), debt payable (13.83 per cent), deposits by peers and other financial institutions (21.57 per cent),
The cost of the above-mentioned liability is higher to lower: the lease liability (4.8%) and the interest-bearing liability rate for the same period is 2.81%. It can be observed that the cost of the bond payable by Zimmer Bank is much higher than the cost of the interest-bearing liability, which increases the cost of the overall interest-bearing liability, while the cost of absorption is relatively low.
The structure of future merchant banks’ liabilities continues to be optimized, and the rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities is expected to improve further. There is a higher rate of profit growth and a clear margin advantage.
The same-year growth rate was lower than the average in the industry, and it was lower in the industry. At the end of 2019, the net profit of the Bank of Zimmers was affected by the epidemic, and the overall profit of commercial banks fell to 3.26 per cent in the first quarter of 2020.
At the end of the year, the bank was 11.38 per cent, and in the first quarter of 2020, the bank was 3.52 per cent. The advantage of interest-bearing asset yields was evident, resulting in a net difference in the bank ' s interest since 2018 being higher than the average for the business. In 2019, the bank had net spreads of 2.08 per cent and 2.34 per cent, respectively, up from 2018.
In the first quarter of 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the net difference between the banks fell to 2.13%, but remains above the average.
On the whole, the bank management costs of the merchants have increased steadily, but are lower than that of their counterparts, and income-generating per capita and income-generating activities are among the highest in the industry. In 2019, commercial banking and management costs were $12,168 million, an increase of 5.23 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the expansion of business size, network and staff growth.
4. Revenue characteristics: increase in the share of public, non-interest income; analysis of interest income: increase in the share of retail sales in public business; increase in the share of interest on loans and advances from the interest income of the Bank of Zimmers; increase in the share of interest on public business; increase in the share of interest on loans and advances from the Bank of Zimmers.
Interest income on loans and advances amounted to $5.5114 billion, an increase of $1,188 million, or 25.18 per cent, over 2018, mainly due to the increase in the size of loans and advances granted and the increase in the rate of return.
Of the interest income on loans, the share of interest on business loans is consistently higher than 60%, while the share of income on retail end-of-services is relatively small. However, the retail transformation of Zimmerbanks is moving forward, while the revenue on retail lending operations has continued to grow. Between 2010 and 2019, interest on individual loans increased from RMB 995 million to RMB 15,266 million,10
Compared to corporate operations, the net spread of retail operations is relatively high, and the negative rate is relatively low, and is an important direction for the future of the corporate revenue structure. Retail operations have also expanded more rapidly in recent years, and the future interest collection structure is expected to improve further.
The average annual rate of return on individual loans from ZBW is 6.52 per cent, higher than the average rate of return on business loans (5.52 per cent) 100bp, and the average rate of return on individual loans from ZBK is long in the forefront of the industry, with the average rate of return on individual loans from ZBK consistently being higher than the industry average, with 2019 being sixth place on all listed banks and listed shares.
Higher rate of return on individual loans from ZBK (%) BBK individual loans (%), higher rate of return on non-interest income (%)
In the first quarter of 2020, the net non-interest income of the Bank was $4,325 million, an increase of $967 million, an increase of 28.81 per cent, and the share of non-interest income was 32.12 per cent.
In addition, fees and commissions for the most important components of non-interest income, net revenue in 2019, based on the breakdown of fees and commissions, account for a recovery in the income from clearing operations fees, guarantee commitments and bond underwriting, and a decrease in the income from agent commissioning and treasury operations in 2019.
Millions of yuan, representing an increase of 49.97 per cent in the same year, and 1,356 million yuan in revenue from transaction charges for underwriting, representing an increase of 79.34 per cent in the same year.
The quality of bank loans has remained good, and the rate of non-performing loans has been consistently low. Between 2010 and 2018, the bank ' s non-performing loan rate was the lowest on the list, maintaining good loan quality, and the bank ' s overall non-performing loan rate rose slightly to 1.37 per cent in 2019, with the impact of the epidemic on 1 January 2020.
The percentage of corporate loans rose slightly to 1.42 per cent in the quarter, but remained at the level of the industry, second only to the level of the merchant banks. By type of business, the ratio was the largest, reaching 65.97 per cent, while the percentage of individual loans was 26.76 per cent.
The paper shows that corporate non-performing loans amount to $11,607 million, while corporate non-performing loans account for 1.7 per cent, up from 0.29 percentage points at the end of 2018. Bank lending is now dominated by corporate lending, and retailing is expanding. As retailing continues to expand, it will help to drive the overall negative rate down further in the future.
There is still room for further improvement in the overall poor rate of public lending. According to the industry, the 2019 annual report shows that rental and business services, which account for a larger share of public loans (14.56%), and the housing sector (14.4%), respectively, had a negative rate of 0.43% and 0.29% in 2019, far below the overall poor rate of corporate lending.
The increase in the ratio of loans to this category has helped to reduce the overall negative rate. The bulk of public non-performing loans is in manufacturing (5.41%) and wholesale and retail (2.77%) – all of which are more vulnerable to the economic fundamentals.
Between 2010 and 2017, the Bank of Zimmers was the first joint-stock bank to cover a decrease since 2018. In the first quarter of 2020, the Bank of Zimmers made a provision.
The low coverage rate of ZBs will release the company’s credit availability capacity and help ZBR capital adequacy indicators to meet regulatory requirements in the long term and remain at the level of peer bias at 2020.
In the first quarter of the year, the bank adequacy rate was 14.35 per cent, an increase of 0.11 percentage points from the end of 2019; the primary capital adequacy rate was 11.11 per cent, an increase of 0.17 percentage points from the end of 2019; and the core capital adequacy rate was 985 per cent, with a US$ billion offshore priority unit, with the total amount of fund-raising from the offshore priority unit being approximately US$ 14,989 million.
The distribution costs are fully used to supplement the Bank’s other levels of capital, to increase capital adequacy at the Bank’s level and to optimize the capital structure.
The funds raised by the bank, after deducting distribution costs, were used to enrich the Bank’s core-level capital.The bank’s capital adequacy rate (20201st quarter, %) in 2019 was based on a total equity of 2,269 million shares, with a gold dividend of 0.24 dollars per share.
The band found a gold dividend of $5,104.5 million, with interest payments of up to 39.49%, the top of the industry, far higher than the industry average. Similarly, the interest rate of the merchant bank was higher than the industry average, with interest rates of the merchant bank at the end of 2019, while the company also implemented a proactive growth plan for the company’s executives.
The announcement states that 11 senior managers of the company plan to consolidate competitive trading through the Shanghai Stock Exchange trading system, with a total of not less than $12 million to voluntarily increase their shares in the company, and with a voluntary commitment by the subject to lock the said holdings for three years from the date of purchase, with a voluntary increase in the subject's ownership plan.
Exemption from the share price stabilization obligation. At present, according to the announcement of the Chestbank of 20 May 2020, the owner is required to meet the price stabilization requirements of 31 December 2019, as a result of triggering the start-up conditions of the equity price stabilization measures, to increase the shares of the company through the Shanghai Stock Exchange trading system.
A total of 13 compulsory directors and senior managers will receive 15 per cent of their remuneration from the company in the previous year.
We believe there is a further downside risk from the spread of the epidemic in 2020, but net interest income will continue to grow as corporate lending expands and is structured optimally. With companies relying on long-triangular geography, targeting small and medium-sized private enterprises, customers have accumulated for years to build up a better moat.
The pace of resumption has accelerated, and MSMEs have a greater demand for loans, and central banks have a policy bias against this sector. Thus, it is projected that the size of the loans and advances made by companies in 2020 will be higher than the rate of economic growth and that, although affected by the net interest differential, the net interest income will continue to grow in real terms.
The net interest income is expected to remain at the same level as the nominal economic growth, when the interest-bearing assets* have been reduced in line with the credit growth rate, and the interest-bearing assets are expected to remain at the same level as the per capita income of the population has increased.
The company is expected to take advantage of the financial skills of the financial sector, manage the financial claims of the population, make significant efforts to develop light capital and raise the level of income from intermediate operations, so that non-interest income becomes an important point of growth in the company’s future profits.
We believe that as corporate lending expands, so does the size of corporate assets and the share of loans in total capital production. The structure of corporate assets is further optimized. At the end of the corporate debt, with the easing of central bank currencies, the cost of corporate interest-paying liabilities is expected to decrease.
7. Corporate valuations and investments are recommended, using the three-phased ddm model valuations, for the next three years as high growth periods, the next ten years as transitional growth periods, and thereafter as sustainable growth periods. The assumptions for the valuations are as follows:
1. Assuming a market-free interest rate of 3.45 per cent, the interest rate on the country’s debt over the past 10 years is worth all;
Long-term profit growth: Net profits of the company have been growing at a high rate in recent years, and the growth rate of the company over the last two years is likely to change only in terms of seating rates during the period of transition growth and the duration of the payments, so we still predict that the net future profits will be significant due to the competitive advantage of the share-based banks that Zhogorku Bank has been maintaining in progress.
We assume a short-term roae of 16.85 per cent, a transitional period of 12.56 per cent and a sustainable level of 7.64 per cent.5 With these two factors, the fair value of the shares, using the sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation method, is based on the main assumptions set out above, since the impact of the constant growth rate and the discount rate on the projected results is greater.
While the company is struggling in large-share banks, there is much room for future development in all aspects of its business structure and wind control. As can be seen from the preceding analysis, the company is a better-looking equity bank, which has a strong bearing on its focus on forward-looking research and expansion, ensuring strategic leadership.
Long-term share price catalyst: China’s long-term economic structure development, further improvement of financial markets, and the transformation and reform of the public sector’s business structure. Short-term share price catalyst: in line with the market layout strategy of precisely targeting the “three farmers” and in keeping with its commitment to support private enterprises, the government has made efforts to:
The market positioning of SMEs, in particular, promotes the concept of services around the real economy of services; focuses on small and micro-clients, with an increase in the share of high-quality assets; and the size of loans and fees and commission revenues are expected to grow. Business risks: risks associated with business transformation and abnormally high rates of non-performing loans.
Policy risks: Following structural reforms on the side of the financial supply, our banking regulatory policy has become more stringent, limiting market risks: the economic downside risks of the Chinese economy affected by the epidemic, the credit risks of the banking sector, interest rate winds, and other risks: the risks of force majeure, such as the new crown virus, which suspends institutions.
Appendix: Summary of financial projections