Three-quarter reviews in 2024: performance against expectations, quality of operations Events: 30 October 2024, 3-quarter performance reports issued by the company. Industry and external climates continued to recover, companies fully benefited as champions, and revenues increased faster
Long. At the profit end: the company ' s profit increase is mainly due to the lower base + higher profit margin during the same period last year. Foresight o4 and next year, we believe that loose monetary and fiscal policies will guarantee slow capital and real estate repairs, that downstream demand for engineering machinery will improve marginally, and that companies will be fully exposed.
For the benefit of Beta, performance is expected to continue. A slight decline in the company’s Māori ratio compared to the previous year was judged to be a major drag on related operations such as domestic cranes.
2.9pc, the higher cost compared to the same period, mainly due to the higher base for the same period last year, the change in the ring q2 was not appreciated: o2 performance was largely in line with market expectations, power was high, cost control remained good.
A cash flow of $12.38 billion, or +151.7 per cent, shows the company’s excellent cash flow management capacity. The company’s electrical products on board Vcu received 200 large bills, sy215e medium power in Indonesia.
Driving diggers has succeeded in breaking through high-end markets in Europe. Electricity has become a trend in the engineering and machinery industry, and it's a move to turn the car into the global race of Alpha, the firm that invests the most in electric R & D in the industry.
It is expected to lead the process of electric engineering and machinery, which will bend over in global competition through electricization. (2) Globalization: companies continue to drive the globalization of production and manufacturing, with the expansion of the second phase of Indonesian plant 2024h1 and the orderly construction of the second phase of Indian plant and South African plant.
The company’s global market share in 2023 was only 5.2%, and there is much room for growth in the future, compared to the gap between Caterpillar and Siu-Pong’s city share of 11.1 and 5.5 pct, respectively. Companies are leading the way in competitiveness at the product, channel, and service levels, gradually narrowing the gap with the international flagship, and are expected to move to a global leader in the long run.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the domestic engineering and machinery industry is moving towards a renewal cycle, with globalization, electricization, and intelligent re-engineering strategies that firmly value the company’s long-term growth. We maintain the public sector’s 2024-2026 net profit return forecast of $62.84.94.1121 million, corresponding to the current period.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.