\triangleright \triangleright October 31, 2024
In the two-way direction of the country, corporate income has been rising again. Since the beginning of 2024, hundreds of millions of dollars \trianglerights have benefited from ongoing projects related to increasing national debt, and market demand has stabilized.
The phase-out of old “country one” and “country two” equipment has stimulated some of the need for new machine renewals, and in-house sales of engineering machinery are showing a current trend of heating back to the bottom. 24m1-m9 excavators have been sold for 74,000 units, compared with +8.6 per cent in overseas markets, benefiting from companies promoting the continued optimization of global resource allocation, and the return of heating to the main products of engineering machinery.
In August 2024, the company grew 16% on a year-on-year basis, 32% on a year-on-year basis, 32% on a year-on-year basis, and the cost rate fell and profitability increased significantly during the three quarters of the year.
The company's industrial Internet platform, iot, has a wide range of 1.3031.sh in-depth reports: cyclical integration of various types of equipment and systems, integrated collection, pooling, analysis of big data to model digital creation.
A two-wheel drive to reboot growth in enabling performance - 2024/10/1 - Promoting enterprise quality, precipitation, and efficiency gains. The sales/management/financial/research and development cost rates for 2024q3 are assessed at 2.3 1x4 (600031.sh) events: emerging cities, respectively.
It is expected that the profitability will be further enhanced by the continuation of the intellectual transformation and the reduction of efficiency measures. Engineering machinery is moving faster and the product spectrum of the company continues to expand.
The results of the “triple” review were positive in the first quarter of the year.
Low-carbonization of mainframe products and related core parts and technology development, continuous expansion of the spectra of electrodynamic products, higher performance of single q2 and significant profitability gains of 2023/09/24h1 resulted in the completion of over 80 new energy products on the market.
Investment proposals: Given that the company, as a leading company in domestic plant machinery, is expected to benefit from a deep recovery in the industry of \triangleright plant machinery in the future, globalization is continuing, and we expect a net return to the mother in 2024-2026
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.