The resonance between the sea and the sea, with a significant increase in profits from 202,043, three heavy jobs (60,0031) and three-quarter reviews in 2024: in recent days, three heavy workers published three-quarters reports in 2024.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company actually earned 58,361 million yuan, an increase of 3.92 per cent in comparison with the previous quarter; the net return was $4,868 million, a recovery from domestic and foreign resonance demand.
The pace of export growth is expected to accelerate as the follow-up elections for overseas heads of state have come to a close, and policies and projects continue to deepen with countries along the road. In March-September, sales within excavators are on the same increase, q2-q3 aggregate sales are increasing at a rate that keeps the domestic market going upwards.
In addition, national policies have continued to increase efforts to support local debt risk resolution, raise local government bond lines and complement local government consolidated financial resources to help local governments sustain increased investment in capital and real estate projects, while facilitating project refunds and driving engineering machinery.
The combination of multiple factors has contributed to the recovery of demand, both within and outside the country, and is expected to accelerate the entry of engineering machinery into the overseas sector, with a record high of 60.78 per cent. From a regional perspective, the Asia-Australia region has achieved 9.17 billion yuan, an increase of 2.55 per cent, and the European region $8.270 billion.
The Māori rate for corporate exports, which is 31.57 per cent, is 0.56 pct higher than in the previous year, among other factors: higher prices for some products; lower demand for domestic products in the external market will result in pressure on corporate performance; and (3) where raw materials are available.
A “market index” of this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; a new three-board reference of three indexes. Investors are only suitable for risk-level studies that are not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and “stable” investors are only suitable for risk-level use that is not higher than “medium-risk”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.