Improved profitability in 2020h1 as a result of a robust year-round growth in performance
The company ' s civil-military aviation operations are promising, with improved profitability of aviation products in 2020h1, a stable business in the domestic market in 2020h1 throughout the year, improved profitability of aviation products to achieve a significant increase in withholding and non-performance in 2020h1
Improved Māori rates for aviation products; b. sales cost rate of 0.9 per cent (-0.3 pct), mainly due to a decrease in sales services; c. financial cost rate of 0.3 per cent (-0.2 pct), mainly due to an increase in exchange rate earnings; and 3) other cost rates: management cost rate of 3.5 per cent (+0.6 pct), mainly attributable to increases in staff remuneration/amortization of intangible assets, etc.
Table: Inventory compared to the beginning of the period +33.6 per cent, mainly due to increased production inputs, reflecting the company's adequate production tasks. • Civil-military operations are promising, and companies will continue to benefit as the sole platform for civil-military and large-type aircraft restructuring mechanisms.
There is a significant gap between the total capacity and the United States of America, with fewer medium-sized transport aircraft in the pipeline; transport - 20 is a large-scale, domestically produced strategic transport aircraft, and is expected to develop derivatives such as refuelling machines, early warning machines, and command machines in the future, with broad market prospects; companies are expected to continue to benefit from the release needs of the strategic transformation of the air force.
Over the next 20 years, China’s air market will receive more than 50 passenger aircraft, 9205 with a market value of approximately $1.4 trillion, and the company is expected to benefit fully as a major participant in the country’s large civil aircraft.
• Active promotion of major asset replacements, which, when completed, will enhance corporate profitability. Steady growth, long-term benefits from the development of the aviation industry. — November 2019 company announcement intended to partially fly some of the assets of aircraft spares manufacturing operations with aviation industry aircraft
Upon completion of the reorganization, corporate profitability will be enhanced: 1) to add assets to the company’s performance; 2) to avoid the share of agent services; 3) to save on rental costs of plant and equipment.