On 17th of July 2023, gold prices led to performance growth, and business operations were steady and steady.
In the first half of 2023, the gold exchange in Shanghai was sold at an average price of $434.0099 per year. The company operated reasonably well in the first half of the year, with scientific planning and precision in the management of production, strengthening the management of production organizations and promoting innovation in the large-scale smart mining operation model, increasing production performance rates, and increasing production productivity.
Resource utilization, thereby contributing to the reduction of efficiency gains; in the area of marketing management, the company has further strengthened the research and analysis mission Qiuzu team, which has managed to keep prices on track, and the gold sales price, which is higher than that of the same period of the previous year.
The gold reserves are strong, with an additional 200 tons in the Western Ridge gold mine under the corporate flag.
In May 2023, the company announced that the Western Ridge gold mine, under the banner of Shandong Gold Group, which holds 13 domestic mines plus 2 overseas mines, had reached 1431.40 tons of corporate gold by the end of 2022, and remained stable in the country's 1st echelon.
In terms of endogenous growth, the company \triangleright
The construction of the state-wide gold production base is gradually under way, with a clear plan for the integrated development of the Ka Kaji gold mine and the construction of the resource project for the African Ghanaka s010523060002 Tino; on an expansive basis, companies are gradually acquiring silver and Thai gold equity, and the Gansu Bridge gold mine.
Mining rights; in addition, there are high-quality assets within the group, such as the Western Ridge gold mine, which can be injected into the future by listed companies. Companies achieve increased production reserves through endogenous, outreach and group injections, helping the group achieve its strategic goal of 80 tons of home-grown gold production in 2025, with sufficient growth.
The margin of interest expectations is relaxed, and the value of the gold plate configuration is high. In the United States, cpi's year-on-year figure is 2. Gold depth reports: gold taps, multiplied gold prices go down, cools the market's expectations of the Fed's interest rate increase, and interest rate policy expects the marginal easing to drive the price of gold.
East Winds-2023/03/15 3. Eastern Gold Event Review: Determination of Increasing Fundraising for the short-term United States economy as resilient but difficult to reverse, with future Federal Reserve interest rate policies falling into recession
In the interim period of interest-reduction, gold prices are expected to be highly volatile, and, in the medium and long term, global central bank purchases will support the gold price center, and the value of gold-stock allocation will become increasingly visible. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies have access to high-quality gold-mining resources, are highly profitable, and will fully benefit from performance.
- An upward trend in the price of precious metals, taking into account the clear future growth of the company, the inherent growth that can lead to research findings on the logic of methods and analysis of mineral gold production, and the independent and objective presentation of the present report, as well as accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.