Shandong Gold (600547.sh) - mid-2023 reported a high gold price, with a higher performance than ever before.
During the fourteen-five-year period, the company carried out a number of major construction projects. At present, the sub-well well tubes have been drilled 1035 metres in aggregate and 54 per cent of their design depth (1915 metres) has been completed; and the maximum/minimum price is 52 weeks.
(b) The construction of a detailed design for the Namutini mine plant at Katino Resources, Ghana, is continuing, and the mining support works are proceeding normally as planned. In the future, the company's gold production will be completed as the expansion project becomes operational.
Silver and Thai gold has four gold mines, a lead and silver polymetal mine, which benefits from high quality products and high corporate profitability. In August, Shandong gold completed the acquisition of control over Silver and Thai gold, adding up to the second-tier market and currently holds a combined share of 641 million shares in silver and Thai gold, accounting for total equity.
In addition, in May, the company ' s Gansu gold-soon mine successfully competed for gold mining rights at $866 million in the Grand Bridge, with reserves estimated at 96.797 million tons of ores, tons of tons, 20.2 tons of gold metal and an average grade of 1.08 g/t on the base date.
The cost rate has decreased during the period. The company has advanced in depth the system of “full staff, full jobs, full factor, full process”.
Gold-600547 - Corporate Dynamics Review: Short-term force majeure factors do not change over the long term and decrease is mainly due to less amortization of intangible assets.
Taking into account the cost changes, we revised our performance projections downwards and projected higher corporate gold prices and higher profits. In the first half of 2023, companies achieved business income of $27,425 million, an increase of 1.18 percentage points over the same period of the following year. In the second quarter of the quarter, companies achieved business income of $14.327 billion.
Rings increased by 9.38 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 0.48 per cent, by $441 million.
Figure 6: The Māori rate of corporate mineral gold operations (%) has progressed steadily in priority projects. During the 14th Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteenth-Fifteenth-Fifteenth-Fifteenth-Fifty-Fifteenth-Fifteenth-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifty-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifty-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fifteen-Fifty-Four-Twen-Twen-Twen-T and Resource Reserve Reserve-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Five-Five-Tour-Four-Tt-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
In line with its strategic objectives, the company has undertaken a number of large-scale construction projects. Currently, the Sesan Island sub-well wells have been excavated by 1035 metres and have completed 54% of the well design depth (1915 m); the Jia gold mine hybrid well works, the Ju Gu Gu Li master well works, the Ju Gu Gu Li sub-well works are progressing well; and the Kartino resource company, Ghana, Namudi works are progressing well.
The detailed design work for the construction of the Niño plant is ongoing, long-cycle equipment has been fully procured, the construction phase is in progress, the level work is nearing completion, and the mine support works are proceeding as planned. In the future, the company’s gold production is expected to continue to increase as the build-up project becomes productive.
Silver and Thai gold has four gold mines, Black and Silver, Gilling Temples, Qinghai, Great Chaidan, Hua Sein gold mines (which are to be restored), a lead, silver and silver polymetal mine, and a high-yielding gold production cost and profitability. In December 2022, the company and the Chinese company invested in silver and silver.
The company, Mr. Shen, signed an agreement on the transfer of shares, which the company intends to receive from Mr. Shen and Silver Thai Investments Ltd. 20,93% of the sum of silver and Thai gold held at a transfer price of 12,76 billion yuan. In August, Shandong gold completed the acquisition of control over silver and Thai gold.
In addition, in May, the company ' s Gansu Kim Soon mine successfully won mining rights in Gansu Bridge gold at $866 million, with reserves estimated at 96,797 million tons of mineral resources on the base date, 32.0 tons of gold and metals, with an average grade of 3.30 g/t.
The cost rate decreased during the period. Companies advanced the systematic reduction of “full staff, full positions, full factor, full process” efficiency efforts, improved efficiency implementation programmes and appraisal systems.
The decrease in management costs is mainly due to reduced amortization of intangible assets. The increase in R & D costs and financial costs is 0.02 and 0.87 percentage points, respectively.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject