:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) incident: Shandong Gold published its semi-annual report for 2023 in the amount of $27,425 million.
Billions, 12.35 per cent year-on-year, Ring + 9.4 per cent, net profit to mothers of 441 million yuan, +83 per cent year-on-year, tons of tons (2115 million tons in the same period the previous year), representing 13.98 per cent of the country ' s mineral gold. The price of 23h1 gold was higher, the international spot price was 5.3 per cent higher than the 2022 harvest, and the Shanghai gold exchange increased by 5.3 per cent.
Au (t+d) contracts are about 9.5 per cent higher than the previous year’s round-up prices. • Sustained promotion of lower efficiency gains, with higher profit margins. Company 23h1 achieved a Māori ratio of 13.99 per cent, resulting in higher efficiency gains.
• Accelerating the integration of high-quality resources and growth driven by endogenous + extended growth. The company continues to increase the stock of prospecting, with 23h1 khoji/Goldeland/Linse/Sam Island gold mines adding new gold metal through prospecting at 3.58.5/185/07 tons respectively. In terms of additional capacity, the sub-well wells at Miyama Island have been drilled into the accumulated well tubes.
In 1035 metres, 54 per cent of the depth of the borehole design was completed; detailed design work for the construction of the Ghana Minerals Selection Plant was ongoing, long-cycle equipment was fully procured, level work was nearing completion and support for the mines was on schedule; the company successfully won mining rights at Gansu Bridge in May; and completed July-August
According to the company’s May announcement, the Ministry of Natural Resources in Shandong Province initially determined that the amount of new gold and metals within the range of the right to prospecting in Western Ridge would be about 200 tons, and the cumulative amount of gold and metals would be about 580 tons, with subsequent Western Ridge projects expected to inject Shandong gold.
The company is the head of the domestic gold industry, maintaining a leading position in the industry, accelerating the consolidation of resources within the gold industry, and the acquisition project is now well under way, which is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in performance in the follow-up period; the price of gold is highly volatile; macroeconomic risks, etc.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or recommendations contained therein. The information and observations contained in the report are limited to:
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.