\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \ gold-led performance and Māori ratio rises by the same year. 2023h1 Co. own/outsourcing/small \triangleright
♪ Triangleright Zhang Construction ♪
Corporate scientific planning, precision and policy to strengthen the management of production organizations, while promoting innovation in the model of large-scale intelligent extractive operations, increasing production performance and resource utilization, with the result of reduced efficiency gains shown.
Production is in line with target guidelines and progress is accelerated on construction projects. h1 company yields 19.57 tons of mineral gold, compared to forecast: performance increases, gold tap prices elasticity 2023/07/18
2. Shandong gold (600547.sh) reported an annual completion rate of 49.4 per cent per year and remained on the first line of the industry.
Work on mixed wells, etc., is well under way, the design of Ghana's Katino project selection plant is ongoing, long-cycle equipment has been reported as gold depth in Shandong: gold taps, gold prices have been fully procured, and the mine support works are proceeding as planned.
4. Shandong gold (600547.sh) incident rating: increased collection, acquisition, and storage of double harvests to further enhance the growth potential of the company.h1 company continues to contribute to the increased storage of prospecting. \triangleright
In August 2023, the company announced that the gold mine in the Western Ridge had been discovered and the domestic gold resource layout had led to a high-quality resource reserve for the company ' s future growth.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies have access to high-quality gold ore resources, and performance will benefit fully from the research findings of the precious metal price \triangleright methodology and analytical logic, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspectives. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.