Snail cement (600585.sh)/building materials: steady growth of the main business, trade operations affecting profitability: companies published a three-quarter report for 2020, and companies achieved 123.984 billion operating revenues in the previous three quarters.
11.94 per cent over the same period; 24.719 billion over the same year; 3.79 per cent over the same year; 27.78 per cent over the same year for the non-payment of the sum of 27.78 per cent over the same period; 1.1 per cent over the same period for the realization of the net return of the sum of $8.65 billion over the same period; and 3.4 per cent over the same period for the first half of the year for the recovery of the housing stock; and 4.4 per cent over the first half of the year for the recovery of the 4.2 pct over the same period;
Stock prices, in contrast to industry-market trends, hold steady demand and act as a driving force in the growth of cement sales. Corporate q3 cement sales are expected to grow in a positive way, but three quarters are affected by rainfall weather, with cement prices falling by a small 3% compared to the previous year.
The third quarter of the Division is expected to see a single-digit growth in cement operations. Revenue-side growth is mainly due to expansion of trade operations.
Controls have calmed price fluctuations. Trade operations have a lower Māori ratio than uplifts: q3 has a Māori ratio of 25.2%, a fall of 7.2 ptt from the same year, and Cement prices are projected to be more robust at the end of the third quarter, as a result of the higher rainfall in the river in the three quarters.
1 Supply-demand relationship maintained tight balance, and the company’s long-term investment is expected to be a major influence. At the cost end, q3 sales rates, management rates, treasury 2 receipts were slightly higher than expected, and performance grew steadily
3q3 performance is growing steadily, long-term values are highlighted, and cost control is still excellent.4 Performance is robust and long-held.
Cash flows on the asset side and the innovations in advance receipts: By the end of September, the company had a total cash equivalent of 839,51 quarter performance that remained unchanged throughout the year. Billions of dollars, an increase of $7.5 billion over q2, and cash flows continued to increase rapidly. In addition, the company's three-quarters report showed a collection in advance.
6 Performance improved on schedule, with steady annual growth likely to be more firm in corporate performance. Cement is on its way to a full season, with strong performance: the cement industry is on its way to the traditional season after the National Day, and markets are on their way.
The construction period, and the weather in the South, has improved, and the delivery rate has remained high. Investments in infrastructure and property have remained strong, and market demand for cement has helped to boost prices, which have risen many times since October.
Investment Recommendations: In the medium and long term, the cement industry faces a downward demand constraint, with revenue from supply-side reforms over the past few years ending with high profit growth. But we believe that the conch has a cost advantage, an industrial chain advantage, and a financial advantage still exist, so it is expected that the conch will be collected next to the future industry.
Medium up, restoring higher levels of profitability in the next last round. And the higher dividend rate of the conch also highlights its long-term value, which is an excellent cash cow.
The Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley China Index and the United States stock market on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index (except as otherwise indicated).