Rapid growth in revenue collection, cash availability in hand Events: Companies issued three quarterly reports in 2020, yielding $12,3984 million during the reporting period, with investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
q3 battalion growth rate and steady growth in sales q20 q3 Q3 company returns net returns of 49,977 million yuan and 8,650 million yuan, respectively, equal to +27.78 per cent/+1.10 per cent, with a 4.31 percentage point increase in single-season growth loops.
During the period under review, after the end of the rainy season in August, the Cement season in the East China region arrived early, with the help company 2020q3 achieving a steady increase in sales, but the price side is still affected by the fallbacks of the rainy season.
There are three main reasons for this: 1) some adjustment in prices during the rainy season of 2020q3; 2) a three-quarter rise in coal prices; 3) a significant increase in the size of the company ' s non-cement trading operations (other operations) in 2020, but the low level of Maori is a drag on overall Maori.
The percentage point; the management cost rate of 2.62 per cent, a decrease of 0.43 percentage points from the same year; and the financial cost of the same-year component of the R&D project, as a result of higher R&D input expenditure on a year-on-year basis. In addition, the liability balance of corporate contracts at the end of the reporting period increased by 77.56 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, showing an explosion in cement sales of 2020q3.
In the first three quarters, the net cash flow of the company was $23.511 billion, an increase of $8.95 billion in the ring. Since 2017q2, the company ' s free cash flow has been positive, and since then it has continued to maintain its excellent cash flow, which has increased by $21.19 billion.
Biannual In-depth Review: Increased Profit Level, Second Half 2020q4 Cement Quantities
During the same period of 2020-07-24 2019, we believe that 2020q4 will remain high and that prices are expected to rise at a new high, with the impetus of traditional catch-up seasons and new construction projects.
At the same time, following the national holiday, and with the integrated management of air pollution in autumn 2020, the country’s various regions have gradually started production of cement in the fall and winter. The cement industry in the Pan-North-East and the Jin-Rushuan region has reached a consensus that will launch the four-month production of clinker south of the North-East.
We believe that this fall and winter have been a major failure, and that the industry has become increasingly regulated.
Where a consensus has been reached, implementation will be more effective, and will act as a catalyst for cement prices and the performance of cement firms in areas related to 2020q4 and 2021q1. Companies will also benefit fully from four-quarter cement price increases, which remain resilient.
The company, as the country's cement industry's benchmark, the industry-side reform and mineral resourceization trend will give it a greater long-term investment value. At the same time, the company has a two-way expansion, bone, concrete and overseas markets with huge opening space.
It will be much larger than the present and a core asset of the cycle that deserves long-term allocation. We expect that corporate capital and real estate investments will fall short of expectations; corporate bone and concrete operations will not expand as expected, or offshore operations will not expand as expected; and policies will not be implemented as vigorously as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.