Material materials + conch cement: performance remains robust and the quality of business continues to improve Events: In the first half of 2020, the company received $7,40.07 billion (+3.3 per cent) in net return to the mother
Under, the scarcity of mines makes the cement resource, the market will be less volatile as the concentration of the industry rises, and in the last 2-3 years, and in the next 2-3 years, significant repairs to the balance sheet of the cement industry and increased profitability will become catalysts and conchs for the restoration of the cement valuation.
q3 q3 drops in price, and performance remains robust. We measure that the company achieved cement clinker in the first three quarters, conch cement (600585).
The production debt table was strong and the value of the cement stock was 89 million tons, an increase of about 3.2 per cent over the previous three quarters; capital investment continued to recover, real estate investments were resilient, demand was supported and corporate overall production and sales grew steadily, from single tons.
See, we measure the average price of cement clinker produced by q3 at about $300 per ton per ton per year, down the same time, the impact of the epidemic, the year-round performance, about $10 per ton, mainly due to the heavy rains in the Yangtze Valley in June-August this year, which led to a decrease in the price of cement clinkers.
The East Qianhua region experienced a much larger roundback in prices; the cost of tons was about $170, which was almost equal to the same figure, and was kept low by conch cement (600585), which was reduced by the price of coal and labour costs; the cost of tons of Maori was about $137.
The quality of the battalion has steadily improved, with a decline of about $6 per ton in the same year as the build-up of the extreme cash flow, mainly as a result of price reversals; the full-calibre calculation of q3 tons of about $24, a decline of about $3 per ton in the same year, mainly as a result of increased interest income on corporate deposits;
The level of corporate governance and profitability remains at the forefront of the industry. The q3 trade volume has grown significantly in the middle of the sea: in the first three quarters of 2020, the volume of corporate trade was about 90 million tons, an increase of about 7.5 per cent compared to the previous quarter, of which q3 sales were about 44 million tons, an increase from the previous year.
About 61% long, we judge that the increase in clinker cement south of the north and out of the south in the last three quarters, and the increase in sales through trade platforms. As the model in the middle of the sea is becoming more normal, the expansion of corporate trade has not only contributed to a steady increase in the size of corporate collections, but has also significantly reduced the size of East China.
(b) Extreme cash-flowing enterprises, with a current interest rate of about 3.8 per cent, noted that “combined” at the end of the reporting period.
The trading model of the after-money item reflects the super-negotiability of the cement industry, as well as the supply and demand of the cement industry: $14,317 million in cash was received by the company in the previous three quarters, which was significantly higher than the receipts ($124 billion) and, by the end of the third quarter, net operating cash flow of the company stood at 235.11.
The structure of the debt continues to be optimized. We believe that conch cement creates a huge cash flow of businesses, with sufficient cash flow to ensure the orderly conduct of operations, the extension of the industry, and the maintenance of a high-profile performance throughout the year in the East China region.
Rapid recovery and gradual improvement in corporate output, particularly in the North, where prices are expected to rise in the run-up to the year before, while in the South, where the climate remains high and the weather is clear, the balance of output and sales is largely maintained: since October, Jiang Jian has continued to raise prices, with prices in many parts of the country already rising.
Four rounds up, with prices higher than during the same period last year; in our judgement, four quarters of real estate investment remained strong, capital investment resumed and, with the rapid recovery of demand after the National Day holiday and the build-up of the previous year, the cement industry is expected to continue at high levels, stock is declining and prices are rising.
With the rigidity of cement demand and the properties of non-storage, prices are highly sensitive to demand and do not preclude continued price increases, companies, as industry leaders, will benefit fully from the high climate in the South region, lower than expected, slower output exit and poor supply and demand patterns; prices such as coal, ore, etc.
I'm going up, and I'm going up the costs.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.