Gore shares (002241); q1 non-performance continues to increase and vr/ar leads long-term growth (first time)
Gore shares published annual reports for 2021: 78,221 million yuan in operating income for the company in 2021, an increase of 35.47 per cent over the same period, and $4,275 million in net profit on return, in addition to the company ' s projected net return on performance for the first quarter of 2022
There was a huge increase in demand in the area of smart hardware, with high profit growth in 2021, thanks to smart hardware products such as vr virtual reality, tws smart wireless headphones, smart wearables, smart home video games and accessories, and associated precision zero-component products.
The demand for goods continued to grow, with the company achieving 5403 million electronic parts sales in 2021, an increase of 30.68 per cent in the same year, and sales scale up enablers grew at a higher rate than in the same year.
The annual Māori rate for electronic components operations is 14.16 per cent, a decrease of 1.92 pct compared to the previous year, and the need for intelligent acoustic whole machines is less than expected to drag the Māori rate. In terms of costs, the BJ sales, management, financial costs were 0.57 per cent, 2.50 per cent and 0.21 per cent, respectively, during the reporting period.
The “triple fee” rate is 1.22 pct lower than in 2020, reflecting the company's efficient operational management capacity. For R&D costs, 2,539 patents were awarded in 2021 and 2,675 patents were granted for inventions.
The firm's tightness against the backdrop of the global boom in the smartphone industry.
Innovative opportunities for new and emerging smart hardware products in the technology and consumer electronics industry to take advantage of high-quality track and layout vr industrial chains. 2022q1 companies continue to have high non-net profits of billions of yuan, with a profit ratio of nearly one third.
At one point, according to idc, the volume of global Vr virtual reality products delivered in 2021 was about 9.36 million, an increase of about 68.6 per cent over the same year, and the global aar increased the share of real products delivered by 78 per cent. The company will continue to benefit as a core supplier of 0culus.
With the rapid release of its products and the improvement of its success rates, smart hardware products such as vr are profitable and powerful to boost the growth of its enablers.
The company continues to pursue its product strategy of "precision zero components + smart hardware wholes" and actively promotes the development of sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structural elements, and smart hardware such as vr/ar, tws headphones, smart wearable devices, etc.
In the area of wearing equipment, according to ccsinsight, in 2021, the total number of shipments of intellectually fit products was about 232 million, an increase of about 20.2 per cent over the same period, and it is expected that in 2026, the volume of shipments will exceed 400 million.
In the area of tws headphones, according to the data on the futuresource, the volume of products produced by smart headphones worldwide in 2021 was about 300 million, an increase of about 37% over the same year, and was accompanied by a steady increase in product production.
The tws headphone penetration rate will continue to rise. The company is the second largest-generation firm of Appleairpods, while actively setting up the Andretws market, has entered into a partnership with terminal manufacturers such as Hua, Opo, vivo, Mi, and the Andres client ratio is expected to reach one.
As we move forward, the Apple and Andre clients will continue to contribute to the company’s development.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in the country between 2018 and 2020 Liu : Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Technical University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.