Gore shares (002241), e-performance meets expectations, smart hardware continues to grow high, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
A net profit of $4.27 billion is a 50% increase in the same year. • A year-round performance is bright, and smart hardware operations are growing at a high rate. 2021: 1) The end-end: Companies ' high growth of smart hardware operations leads to a significant increase in overall business income.
Billion dollars, 85.9 per cent more than in the same year, mainly benefiting from vr ' s virtual reality products and the cargo of the mainframe of the games, which grew rapidly; precision and zero component operations, which generated revenues of 13.84 billion yuan, an increase of 13.4 per cent in the same year) at the profit end: net profit on corporate return increased by 50 per cent in the same year; corporate Maori was 14.1 per cent, a decrease of 1.9 pp in the same year; net profit was net.
The net profit for the parent is expected to be about 870-970 million a quarter, a slight decline in the same year; the deduction of the non-net profit growth of the game mainframe and the Vr replacements contribute significant performance gains to the company. 1) Game host: Ps5 for the company started to be phased out in 2021.
2-4 years is the peak of sales, so 2022-2024 will be the peak of ps5. We believe that the volume of ps5 sales in 2022 will accelerate, while the company’s share of the surrogates will increase, and the game hosts and surrogates will become a new and important growth engine for the company in the short term.) vr whole-time workers: the company is the quest.
Quest2's market heat is expected to continue in 2022. According to the steam data, it has continued to rise to 46% as a percentage of the ratio. Moreover, Pico's sales have increased sharply since the byte was acquired and has significantly improved its 22-year sales target, with new generation products of pico, psvr and questpro planned to be launched.
For this reason, corporate vr’s business is expected to grow at a high rate in 2022, contributing to the core growth in corporate performance. Hundreds of dollars, the net return profit over the next three years, will remain at a compound rate of more than 30%.
Gore shares (002241); achieving high performance growth, high levels of revenue sales, we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the company. 3-quarter performance guidance exceeded expectations (2021-08-30)
Gore shares (002241); q1 performance growth is high, vr stick tws continues to drive (2021-04-23) hypothetical 1: Smart acoustic whole: we assume that the company’s share of a client tws headphone replacement is relatively stable.
Assumption 2: Smart hardware: We assume that the company’s share of quest is relatively stable, and that the new vr product that other brands are planning to introduce is on the ground: assuming that the company’s share of the mainframe product is relatively stable, the company’s share of the workforce is further increased.
Assumption 3: Accurate zero components: The company’s sophisticated zero component operations consist mainly of optical, acoustic, microelectronic, and structural components IV. We accelerate the recovery in sales of corporate acoustic devices, optical devices, and Sip operations of subsidiary Golwe Electronics. No, no, no, no, no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.