Gore shares (002241) Electronic consumer parts + full machine synergies increased and grew strongly during the quarter.
As the growth of the smartphone market slows, global consumer electronic brand manufacturers are constantly looking for smart end products, such as smart watches, tws headphones, ar/vr glasses, etc.
Year after year, few gains have been made, and throughout the industry's transition from the mobile Internet era to the Internet, companies have continued to promote a strategy of “parts plus whole”, 2021, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
2022q1, global smartphones are falling sharply, and upstream raw materials are experiencing a disorderly upswing.
Waiting for the New Smart Terminal Growth Opportunity Report card (mother-to-child net profit with kopincorporation equity investment fair value change - 2021/03/29)
It's not easy, but it's the boldness of a company to change its development strategy in the face of a backlash in the industry.
Growing Skillable Terminal Builders, vr/ar Industries have come closer in the year of the outbreak, and the company’s card position is clear.
Statistics, in 2021, the global volume of vr/ar glasses reached 11 million, an increase of 60% over the same year. Of these, oculusquest2 was particularly active in the consumer sector and pico in the corporate sector.
In the second half of the year, when apples are scheduled to launch their products, they will be a positive driver of the ecology of the industry, the user experience, and the vr/ar glasses industry is expected to move quickly and in the long term.
The company is one of the pioneers of the vr/ar industrial chain, with better technological accumulation in parts and components, whole-office assembly, etc., and the planned addition project Vr/ar is expected to enter this year.
Uphill, the current card position is quite clear, and the future potential of the industry to benefit fully from the enhanced synergy of the parts plus the whole machine, the strong growth of the quarter, the long-term growth potential of the assembly and associated precision zero components is the company's future performance.
Subsistence of sales in the downstream market for important customers is not as sustainable as expected; (2) end products such as tws, ar/vr, watch, etc., with some downstream brand customers market sales and promotions not as strong as expected Profit forecasts and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report