The performance of the domestic power system has improved significantly.
The leading equipment companies, whose products are mainly used in the domain of defence power equipment, ships, and marine engineering. Twenty-three years of beneficial ship life, the company’s diesel orders have increased, the ship’s speed has increased, the price of the ship has increased, and the company has achieved a net return profit of $779 million, a 100 per cent increase over the previous year.
For 21 years, the replacement and short-term geopolitics of the beneficial ship have been catalytic, with the ship running continuously on a week-long basis. The power system is the core equipment for the ship’s operation, in the total cost of the entire ship’s equipment.
Over 30% of the total, or more than 20% of the total price, the momentum of the ship-building landscape has been driven by the Chinese Power Company's assessment that the price of diesel fuel is rising and the demand for business performance has risen significantly. At the same time, with the tightening of environmental policies in the shipping industry, the tradition of replacing two fuel tankers has become more pronounced.
2024.4.28 Fuel tankers are on the move to release the demand for dual fuel engines. The company is a low-cost global ship.
Speed diesel engine taps, backed by the largest shipbuilding group in the world, China Ship Group, ship engine bookings, 2023.8.2 with a high degree of certainty; in addition, the company's dual fuel engine technology is leading, with many deliveries to the world in 23 years.
The first two-fuel low-speed diesel machine, which was produced by the company in May of 24th year, and the first one of its own, which was produced by the company in May 24th year, the low-speed machine successfully implemented the double-fuel mode supply and vehicle operation, and the company's officers have expected that by the end of 24th year, the mid-ship motor will have completed eight methanol double-fuel test stations and 2h24 will have been delivered to 6 methanol.
The two-fuel mainframe, which is expected to become the country’s first Methanol double fuel with sustainable delivery in the future, and the low-speed plant, which will further upgrade its dual-fuel engine billing capability. According to the 23-year report, the domestic share of low-speed diesel engines in public ships has risen to 78%, and the international share has risen to 39% in 23 years.
Engine price rises + raw material prices remain low, keeping company profits high. According to Clarkson, the beneficial shipbuilding cycle has gone up, and global prices for new shipbuilding have continued to rise in recent years. As at 4m24, the global price index for new shipbuilding stood at 183.9 per cent, compared to 9.9 per cent.
According to the international ship network, the price of dual fuel engines is more than 20% higher than the traditional diesel engines, and an increase in the penetration rate of dual fuel engines is expected to contribute to a structural increase in the company’s incentive prices. In addition, the main raw material for equipment such as diesel engines is steel, based on the fact that the main source is steel.
Ifind, the composite steel price index has shown a significant downward trend since September 21. As raw material cost pressures have eased, the price of supercharged diesel machines has increased, looking at corporate profitability.
The average price of machine products continues to rise, and the future profitability of the company is expected to improve, giving the company the risk of conversion to equity, the risk of price volatility of raw materials, the inability of the ship industry to move forward and the prospect of additional services.
Cleaning up more services 1, domestic power system taps, diesel power contributions are mainly generated by 1.1 layouts of eight major business plates with a wide range of product applications
The company is the leader of the domestic power system, covering diesel power, gas power, steam power, combined power, chemical power, heat power, nuclear power (equipment) and other seven types of power industry, services and machine support operations, with Chinese power, Xiangdong heavy machine, Chinese cargo wells, cpgc, firewood, river wood, sails,
The company’s main products include diesel engines, gas turbines, turbines, electric power, electrical control equipment, batteries, heat gas machines, special equipment for nuclear power, ship machinery, port machinery, gear tanks, etc., which are widely used in defence power equipment, on-shore industry and vehicle consumption, ship and marine engineering, and new energy areas such as photovoltaics, wind power.
In 2022, the company completed the re-engineering of diesel power operations, which generated 17,215 million yuan, or 38.17 per cent, of diesel power and 2,712 million yuan, or 45.27 per cent, as the company’s first largest operating block. Chemical power was the company’s second-largest business, operating from the windboat period, and the battalion in 2023.
In other power operations, gas vapour power, civilian nuclear power, combined power, heat power 2023 diesel power operations: the main products are high, medium and low-speed diesel engines, diesel generators and related equipment.
In the area of low-speed diesel engines, the company has a full range of low-speed diesel machines and a wide range of other fuel engines. According to the company ' s 23-year report, the company ' s low-speed diesel aircraft, with 78 per cent of the domestic market in 23 years and 39 per cent of the international share, can provide power packages for a variety of commercial ships, such as bulk carriers, tankers and container ships; in the area of medium- and high-speed diesel engines, the company provides power.
Power systems and related products are widely used in various fields such as marine engineering, engineering vessels, large container ships, tankers, river cruises and land power stations, nuclear emergency equipment, mobile box power stations, etc. Sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-units, diesel-powered ships, chemical power operations: vehicle low-pressure batteries are the backbone of the company's chemical power operations, and lithium-powered battery products are stored.
In 2023, the chemical power business accounted for 22.69% and the Māori for 21.91%. A subsidiary of the company includes chemical power businesses such as Huanggang, the Windshow Company, which not only has a high-quality military production capacity, but also its civil lead acid battery product, which is recognized by many head-carrying companies.
Metals is mainly engaged in the processing of precious metals and is able to produce and supply national silver powder, thus resolving our dependence on imports of basic raw materials in the light-voltage industry. Gas vapour power operations: research and development, production and sale of gas turbines, turbines, etc. 2023.
\triangleright operations account for 2.80% and Māori 1.71%. Wide power as a subsidiary, the main products include gas, steam power, ship-borne transmissions, nuclear power equipment and related control equipment, which are widely used on ships, ships, and ships.
In many sectors, such as defence, electricity, distributed energy systems, energy extraction and transmission, products and services are in the domestic hot-gas-powered business, including, inter alia, heat-gas-powered devices and ancillary products. According to the company ' s 2023 report, companies are in a technological monopoly in the domestic sector and there are no competitors in the industry.
Business accounts for 0.85% and Māori 1.63%. In the case of subsidiaries, the scope of the industry is related to the heat power industry, which not only produces special heat engine power systems for ships, but also allows for the design and production of heat engines and their use in power generation systems, and establishes the company ' s own domestic heat engine.
Technology monopoly in the industry. Integrated power operations: integrated power propulsion systems by ship for propulsion systems, communications, navigation and detection through electricity networks \triangleright
Systems and day-to-day equipment, among others, provide electricity to achieve the uniform supply, distribution, use and management of ship-wide energy, which is the symbol of a fully electrified ship. Shanghai propulsion, Long Sea electro-promotion, is a subsidiary related to the company’s integrated electricity business. In 2023, the company’s combined electricity business received 1.04 per cent and Māori 1.29 per cent. According to the company’s 2023 report: (1) in the military field,
The company has been tasked with the development of the vast majority of our naval power propulsion units, both active and under study, and is the supplier of the most powerful and complete domestic power propulsion system. (2) In the civil sphere, the company is the leading supplier of the domestic power propulsion system and is able to provide autonomously, including transformers, electric motors, energy management systems, propulsion systems, etc.
In recent years, companies have provided new energy electric ships in Xinjiang, Hubei, Anhui, Fujian, Jiangsu, Grand Bay, Hainan, Yunnan, etc., providing nearly 100 new energy electric ship power systems, with the highest rate of domestic market ownership.
Nuclear power (equipment): According to the company’s network of officials, the company’s nuclear power business is used in the civil domain. The nuclear power (equipment) industry received 2.00 per cent of the total in 2023 and Māori 3.34 per cent. According to the company’s 2023 report, the company’s nuclear power business consists mainly of nuclear power engineering, nuclear power back-and-end engineering, special valves and radiation monitoring.
In the case of special valves, the company produces blast valves, steam separation valves, nucleotide capacitors, titanium trite valves, high-temperature smoke cut-off valves.
In the field of radiation monitoring, about 50% of the market for the domestic system for monitoring irradiation of nuclear plants (krt system) is occupied by marine platforms and ship mechanics, including, inter alia, ship support systems, marine equipment, port cranes, 2023 battalion.
\triangleright is a leading domestic civil ship-backed business, with a full range of specialized capabilities, anchors and rudders in the country.
According to the company's 23-year report, the company broke the technological monopoly of companies such as Foret, Frand and others in high-end gear boxes and also in domestic ships.
There is a certain advantage in the field of gear transmission, such as equipment, building materials, electric appliances, deflectors, and so on. The subsidiary has a confluence of common spare parts, gear boxes, coaxes, deflators, friction chips, lubricators, speeders, and spare parts.
In the civil sphere, the 25mw offshore platform has dual-fuel gas turbine generators, 15-30mw sea level applications for ships, industrial power and power generation, natural gas, sea level gas
• Generator units, 30mw-class national production-driven compressors, 2.5mw-110mw power supply units, mobile/emergency power supply units, etc., and in the military field, a range of products, including 6mw, 25mw burners and turbine boosters.
1.2 Sustained injection of power assets and consolidation of company leadership Year, initiated by the China-China Heavy Industry Group, the secure-source battery fittings plant, etc., leading to the production of batteries, which were marketed in 2004. In 2016, windboat shares were recapitalized and acquired under the banner of China-China Heavy Industry Group, China Heavy Work Group, etc.
In 2017, the company resolved some of the problems of competition in the field of low-speed diesel power. In 2018, the company acquired from the China-China Heavy Industry Group by setting up a subsidiary, China-based boat wood.
In 2022, the company set up a subsidiary, a Chinese diesel machine, which integrates the company and the China Ship Industries Group, the Chinese Shipwood under the flag of the ship (renamed China Ship Engine in March 233), the heavy woodworker, the heavy-power workers of the river, the Chinese Shippower Pool.
Four companies further refined the company’s business layout in the field of high-, medium- and low-speed diesel engines, facilitated further integration of diesel power operations in China’s Shipgroup, and consolidated the company’s leading position in the field of diesel power in domestic ships. According to the company’s annual report of 2023, the company’s share of the domestic market for low-speed diesel engines increased to 78% in 2023.
China Motivated Establishment of Affiliates and Associated Transactions. China Motivated Replenishment and Reorganization of Major Assets of China’s Power and Associated Parties Replenishment of Assets for Cash Purchases. The shareholders in the company’s holdings are the China-China Heavy Industries Group, which is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. According to the company’s annual report of 2023, the company is actually under the control of the State Treasury of the State Council. The China-China Heavy Industries Group is the company’s first major shareholder, directly holding 25.77% of the shares, and is direct to the company.
As a platform for market entry for China ' s fleet of ships, the company ' s production and operations are carried out mainly through its subsidiaries, which together promote the long-term sound development of its operations with a number of key subsidiaries, including China ' s diesel, vast power, sail companies, Wuhan ships, and so on.
The China-China diesel machine operates the main platform for the company ' s diesel business, with China ' s boat wood (renamed China-China Engine in March 2323), heavy wood workers, heavy river fuel workers, and four China-China-China diesel-powered companies. At present, the company holds 51.85% of the fleet, and China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based diesel-fuel company, respectively, 31.63% and 16.51%, respectively.
Added to this is an increase in credit impairment losses and a decrease in government subsidies. In 2023, the beneficiary ship industry cycle went up, the public diesel machine orders increased significantly, the prices of the ship ' s low-speed engines increased by 45,103 million yuan, the same as the company ' s revenues by 17.82 per cent, the net return to the mother by 779 million yuan, an increase of 132.18 per cent and a significant improvement in performance.
The company achieved a 24.42% increase in revenue from the same period, and a net return profit of 88 million yuan, an increase of 167.82% from the same year. The profit margin moved out of a continuous downward trend and the overall cost rate was generally stable.
Corporate growth has been steadily rising since 2021, and the Māori rate has been relatively stable. Companies’ operating income has been rising over the years, as a result of the combined health events. Since 2018, the Māori ratio has been overall ahead of China’s ships, China’s heavy jobs; the Māori rate has been relatively stable compared to comparable companies, in the context of the decline in the Māori rate of Chinese ships and Chinese heavy labourers in 2022.
Figure 14: Corporate Māori ratio as a whole is at a high level of industry,2 beneficial ship cycling, demand for diesel engines is strong, downstream shipbuilding needs are high, and green ships are on the rise
As we mentioned in the depth report of the ship industry, Big Cycles, China Leads the World, the long-cycle of ships is driven by economic growth and by changes in manufacturing capacity; by supply and demand patterns and cycles of renewal in the medium term; and by transport efficiency in the short term, and we are now at the beginning of multiple cycles.
In the long-term, with a weak recovery, the ship-building cycle began in 2023. We have recapitulated more than a hundred years of ship-building, finding that the core of the ship-building cycle is driven by economic growth.
Overall recovery is weak (global combined gdp 2.4 per cent growth rate in 2010-2020) and is expected to drive ship demand
The average dismantling life of ships is around 25 years. According to clarksons, the average dismantling age of the three main ships, oil tankers, container ships around the world is now around 25 years, with bulk ships having an average dismantling age of around 28 years.
The average age of ship dismantling is about 26 years, and the average age of tanker dismantling is around 24 years. Ship replacement is mainly an old ship type with less economic use, with a much lower economic value after 20 years and a high fuel consumption and safety rate, which began in 2026. According to Clarksons, in the last cycle (1987-2022),
Chart 18: The last wave of ship scrapping peaks started in 2001 with new shipbuilding orders leading the ship through about four to six years. For example, in our previous cycle, the peak period for ship dismantling, which began in 2009, began. According to clarksons, the peak for container ship dismantling was concentrated around 2009 - 2016.
The peak in the volume of new orders for container ships was in 2003-2007, and the number of new orders for bulk ships was in the lead for six years. The peak was in 2012-2015, the volume of new orders for bulk ships was in the lead for 2006-2008, and the number of new orders for new ships was in the lead for about five years.
The peaks were concentrated in 2006-2008, with new shipbuilding orders leading by about four years of ship dismantling. Thus, new shipbuilding orders led by approximately four to six years of ship dismantling. So, in 2026, new ship orders entered the peak of dismantling, with new ship orders entering the peak of need release around four to six years ago, from around 2021.
The global fleet is about to expire, and the need to replace old ships continues to be released. From a global fleet age perspective, according to the previous analysis, the demand for ship replacement comes mainly from the dismantling of new ships built during the peak dismantling period 2001-2004, which is now more than 20 years old.
In 25 years or so, we expect a further increase in the future in the volume of old ship scrapping and a sustained demand for industrial replacement. Short-term cycles, the downturn in shipowners’ transport efficiency has stimulated short-term ship demand.
From the perspective of downstream shipowners, geographical conflicts, public health incidents, and environmental policy upgrades will result in increased shipowners ' distance or fewer environmentally compliant fleets, leading to a decline in shipowners ' efficiency, who are expected to increase their willingness to purchase new ships and stimulate the growth of new ship-building orders by protecting their existing capacity.
We used the ratio of global seaborne trade to fleet capacity as a transport efficiency indicator for shipowners, which, according to clarksons, was relatively stable worldwide transport efficiency from 2015 to 2019, remained above 6 and public health events rose to 5.63 in 2020. In 2022, transport efficiency fell again as a result of events such as public health events and the Russian-Turkish conflict.
5.46 In addition, in terms of the average ship speed index, in 2020 the average container vessel/distribute vessel/oil tanker speed index The average container/distribute vessel speed index decreased by 0.21/0.23 in 2021 and the shipowner ' s efficiency decreased significantly in the years 2020 and 2022, respectively, when public health events were more severe.
Figure 20: Reduced shipowners' efficiency in 2020 and 2022. Reduced shipowners' willingness to expand fleet sizes and push ship demand into short-term operations. Using the Suez Canal closure two times in history, we analyze the impact of the reduced shipowner's efficiency on ship demand. The Suez Canal connects to the Mediterranean Sea.
In 1956, the war between Egypt and Israel caused the Suez Canal to be cut off for about five months, during which ships bypassed the Cape of Good Hope, leading to a decline in shipowners’ efficiency and an increase in new ship orders.
After that, in 1967, during the third Middle East war, the Suez Canal was closed again, for a total of eight years, until 1975, when Asian ships to Europe re-opened. During the closure, Asian ships again bypassed the Cape of Good Hope, leading to a decline in shipowners’ transport efficiency and a rise in new ship orders, driving the world from 1969 to 1970.
Shipbuilding increased by 15.9 per cent and 18.7 per cent, respectively, at a significantly higher rate than in previous years. The 2023 Red Sea incident, which led to the “closed” of the Suez Canal, is expected to continue to stimulate short-term ship demand.
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) has requested that total annual emissions of greenhouse gases from international shipping be reduced by more than 20% in 2030, by more than 70% in 2040, and by zero emissions in 2050. The European carbon trading system (eu-ets)
A carbon quota represents the right to emit one ton of cos. In the interim period 2024-2026, a carbon quota of 40/70/100/100/100 per cent of emissions will have to be paid.
Figure 23: Environmental regulations in the field of global shipping have been introduced in recent years, and environmental policies have become increasingly cumbersome for shipowners to transport more efficiently and catalyse new ship demand. As environmental policies in the global shipping industry have become more stringent, downstream shipowners have been forced to adjust their energy-efficient transport arrangements and schedules, leading to a decline in transport efficiency, which has stimulated methanol, methanol, methanol, methanol, methanol, and methanol.
In 2021, with the global economic recovery, the volume of new orders (dwt caliber) for shipbuilding increased by 98% compared to 2026, when the peak ship was dismantled earlier in response to new ship orders.
As a result of the continuing contraction in the number of dynamic global shipyards at the supply end, the shipbuilding cycle began in 2022 with a “down/upgrade” step. In 2022, there was a 26.9 per cent decline in the number of new shipping orders of 104 million, a 16.5 per cent increase in the volume of new orders due to higher shipbuilding prices. In 2023, the overall trend was maintained, with 109 million new orders.
According to Clarkson's Green Technology Tracking Report, there were about 539 new ship orders involving alternative fuel vessels in 2023, accounting for 45 per cent in tonnage. The largest share of new alternative fuel orders in 2023 was lang double fuel vessels, accounting for 41 per cent (220 of which 152 were non-lng shipments).
In addition, 55 new orders related to lpg as fuel, and 4 orders related to ammonia. The replacement of the traditional fuel tankers by the two-fuel vessels is a trend, and future dual-fuel engines need to be released. According to China's Naval Inspector, manes predicts that, as the global shipping industry accelerates carbon decarbonization, dual-fuel engines will need to be released.
By 2030, the ratio of dual-fuel engines to 85 per cent of all new ships worldwide will increase rapidly. Figure 25: 45 per cent of new global orders using alternative fuels in 2023. Figure 26: The most common alternative fuel in new orders in 2023 is ng
2.2 The power system is of great importance, with low-speed diesel engines the main power of ships in the ocean. The power system is the core of the ship's operation. The ship's power system is the key to the normal operation and navigation of the ship. It is the core of the ship's operations.
New Energy Power System Status and Development Trends, where ship power systems are made up mainly of ship hosts, transmission systems and propulsion systems, accounting for about 30 per cent of the total cost of ship-wide equipment and more than 20 per cent of the overall cost, are the diesel engines operated by ships, and are the most widely used power systems in the ship's industry. Depending on the type of engine, ships move.
Power systems can be divided into steam power, diesel engine power, gas turbine power, combined power, nuclear power, and combined power, among others, where diesel engines use fuel to fuel the rapid combustion in cylinders to power the pistons, divided by high-speed engines (100 / > ), medium-speed machines (300-1,000 / ) and low-speed machines (300 / < ), compared to other power systems, wood.
The lower the fuel consumption rate and the lower the speed of the turn-over, the smaller the fuel consumption, coupled with the low-speed diesel engine that can light up heavy oil (with a small increase in fuel consumption), can further reduce operating costs. Moreover, in terms of construction costs, the diesel engine structure and technology are relatively simple, easy to manufacture and more economical. At the same time, the diesel engine is more mobile, from start-up to full-time operation time.
Low-speed diesel engines occupy more than 90% of the power market for ocean ships, mostly for warships, and high-speed machines for small ships. According to company announcements, diesel engines are more economical and mobile, and they work on ships, automobiles, electricity, etc.
Low speed machines are used mainly for bulk ships, tankers, container ships, chemical ships, etc. Large ships. According to the Chinese ship, more than 90% of the world’s offshore ships are now using low-speed diesel engines as engines for critical equipment. Medium-speed diesel engines are used mainly for naval vessels, ocean ships, and for land power stations; high-speed vehicles.
For small ships such as tourist ships, fishing vessels, high-speed boats, dredging boats, and ground vehicles, the global ship-building cycle is recovering, and the future diesel market is expected to maintain a steady growth trend. According to the reportlinker, the global diesel market is expected to grow from $7.32 billion in 2022.
Growth to $7.83 billion, an increase of 6.99 per cent over the same period, and the global diesel market is expected to reach 2.3 global low-speed diesel pattern in 2027: a mastery of designs, a three-pronged build-up at the end of Japan and Japan, with the transfer of the world ' s ship industry, foreign diesel producers gradually withdrew from the master fleet of medium- and low-speed ships.
In the field of ships, “licensing” is also referred to as “licence authorization”, i.e., foreign diesel companies (licensings) and domestic diesel companies (licensings) enter into licensing production contracts, the importing party uses the relevant patents, design drawings, documents, etc. stipulated in the contracts.
At present, we have licensing agreements with various foreign enterprises, of which man es (Mann Energy Solutions) and wartsila (Wasselland) are the main subjects of patents.
Brand end: Three major brands of manes, windingd, and j-eng are global low speed machines. According to Apocalypse, there are three brands of manes, windingd, and j-eng, with German manes playing a leading role, followed by the China Shipping Group brand of Wendsila (formerly the Wassiran Wartsila low speed machine).
According to Clarkson's data, the share of the market for low speed machines is more than 70% for the year 2017-2022, maintaining a better development: wend low speed machines have the strength to compete with manes. In 2022, the share of low speed machines with manes was about 76%.
Wingd brands are about 22% and j-eng brands are about 2%. Currently, manes and windingd have withdrawn from direct manufacturing of low-speed diesel engines for ships, but the two patenters have strengthened their world-wide low-speed monopoly by expanding the scope of patent authorizations.
2015: According to a company announcement, Wingd was the world's leading supplier of ship power units and on-shore power station equipment. In January 2015, China, under the flag of China Shipping Industries Group, invested in cash to buy low-speed 2-speed engine operations and set up a joint venture company, Wintertour Engine
(Winterthurgas&diesel, short of Wingd), the China Shipping Industries Group holds 70 per cent of the shares and Vassilan 30 per cent.Wingd is still headquartered in Wintertour, Switzerland, and has subsidiaries in China, Korea and Japan. 2016: In May, China ' s investment acquired the remaining 30 per cent of the shares, with the brand name formally changed towingd.
*2019-2021: In December 2019, in accordance with the company announcement, the China Ship Investment and China Ship Power Research Institute (formerly a Chinese ship, reassembled in 2022 with the China Ship Power Group and injected the China Ship diesel machine) signed an equity hosting agreement with the Chinese Ship Investment Fund for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2021
Wingd’s shareholder’s voting rights and management rights were entrusted to the China Ship Dynamics Institute, which retained the right to gain, transfer, pledge, etc. from the Chinese Ship’s shareholdings. **** 2022: the company set up a subsidiary’s midship diesel engine, integrating four companies, including the China Ship Dynamics Group.
In terms of power-driven business design and development, the Chinese Ship Group’s Wingd was not injected into the company. In 2024, according to the company’s investors’ interactive platform of 9 May 2024, Wingd was the backbone of the company’s industrial chain.
Figure 33: China Ship Dynamics Institute Equity Agency (as of May 2024) End of manufacture: Global ship production using low speed machines to make China, Japan, and Korea three-legged. From a region made from low-speed diesel, it appears that, according to the International Ship Network, global ship production is concentrated in three countries, with a market share of more than 99%, Korea City.
The largest share of the field, followed by China and Japan. Europe has some mainframe-producing enterprises, but a small market share, mainly towards European local shipyards. In 2022, South Korea’s market share for low-speed mechanisms was 48%, China 30%, Japan 22%, and Europe and America less than 1% of the market, and it is basically three-fold.
In terms of the distribution of low-speed machine brands produced, according to the International Ship Network, in 2022, manes and windings occupied about 98% of the world’s low-speed market. Korea: Korea’s low-speed mechanism manufacturers are mainly hi-emd (Modern Heavy Work Engines and Mechanical Industries), hanwha
engine (formerly hsdengine, acquired by the Han China Group in 2024, renamed Hanhua motors), stxheavy industries, etc., mainly produces low speed machines in the names of manes and wend, with about 78 per cent of the number of people in 2022, and 22 per cent of the number of low speed machines in the Wend.
China: China’s low-speed mechanism manufacturers have China’s China Ship Dynamics Group, China’s China Ship Engines, Yutsai, Guangsai, etc. Similarly, China’s low-speed machines, branded as Manes and Wend, were produced with a power ratio of 57 per cent in 2022, with a share of 42 per cent and a ratio of less than 2 per cent for j-eng.
• Japan: Japanese low-speed manufacturers of the three-speed machines, such as shipbuilding in Japan, ship building in Japan, j-eng, and herds, mainly producing manes brand low-speed machines with a power ratio of 87.5 per cent in 2022 and a small proportion of the low-speed machines with a power ratio of 6.6 per cent and 5.9 per cent respectively for wings and j-eng.
According to the company’s 2023 report, by the end of 2023, the company’s share of the domestic market for low-speed diesel engines had risen to 78%, and that of the international market to 39%.
On a global scale, besides companies, other heads of low-speed diesel aircraft include hi-emd, hanwha engine, Japan, etc. Recapitulating their development history, we find that there are more similarities between these overseas head producers and companies. For example, parent companies or shipbuilders for global heads, engine manufacturers and parent companies can empower each other;
Ongoing cooperation with branders and emphasis on dual-fuel engine technology development: outreach expansion, asset restructuring or acquisition of other start-up he-emd: Korea ' s ship engine tap, continued high operating profit hhi-emd is the Ministry of Engines and Mechanical Industries of Hd Modern Heavy Worker (hhi) in Korea, first built in 1978
Motive factory, which produced the first ship engine in 1979 and developed the Himsen brand diesel engine in 2000. Early in the development of the two-string engine, the two-stroke engine axle was produced in 1984, and the world's largest two-string diesel engine was produced in 2007.
The largest engine manufacturer has a global share of over 36% and a global share of more than 30% of the second-stroke engine. As of January 2024, he-emd's hemsen engine was over 15,000.
Chart 39: Hi-emd second and four-stroke engines, which benefited from the ship cycle, the high demand for ship engines, and the long-term layout of he-emd in the field of ship engines, have accumulated a broad client base, whose-emd revenues have increased at a higher rate since 2021.
Figure 40: High growth in Hhi-emd income since 2021 Figure 41: High growth in Hhi-emd ' s operating profits since 2021
South Korea’s second largest ship engine, leading by double-fuel engine technology. According to the International Ship Network, the Hanhua engine is the second largest South Korean ship engine manufacturer after modern motors (hhi-emd), supplying ship engines for many years mainly to former Daewoo shipbuilders and the Sam Star Heavy Worker. Its predecessor was the Korea Heavy Work Engine Company, established in 1983.
The Hsd engine company was established jointly by Hanjung, Daewoo and Samsung. In 2005, the name was changed to Doosan engine in 2018, and with Doosan heavy engineer, the name was changed to Hsd engine. Since 2023, the Hanhua Group has been integrating the ship's industrial chain and acquired the Hanhua Ocean in 2023.
In 2024, when the Hsd engine was acquired, it changed its name to Hanwha engine (hanwha engine). Hanhua engine dual-fuel engine technology led by the first global launch to commercialize a two-fuel low-speed machine.
A technology alliance with Wingd to develop a new generation of double-fuel engines has been launched and is now running hanwha-wingd Double Chart 43: Hanhua-manb&w diesel machine Chart 44: Hanhua-wingd diesel machine
Since 2021, revenue growth has increased, and operating profits have been reversed. At the end of revenue: since 2021, benefiting from a major ship-building cycle, demand for ship engines has increased, and in 2021-2023, the Hanhua motor business grew from 59.9 billion won to 854.4 billion won.
At the profit end: in 2023, the Korean motor realized an operating profit of 8.7 billion won (approximately $7 million), an increase of about 38 billion won (approximately $29 million) over the 2022 operating loss of 29.5 billion won, which was successfully achieved three years later.
According to the International Ship Network, in 2023, Hanhua motors succeeded in losing, both because of the increase in engine supplies and because companies continued to improve the quality of orders, mainly on a revenue basis. In 2023, the Korean motor turnover was 1.0%, an increase of 4.9 percentage points over the 3.9% in 2022.
In 2023, the amount of new orders fell, and the share of dual-fuel engine orders continued to expand. New orders: in 2023, Hanhua motors received new orders of 1.24 trillion won, 29.7% less than in 2022, 1.77 trillion won.
The share of engine orders continued to expand. In 2020, the share of dual-fuel engines in the new Hanhua motors was only 19%, and in 2021, 2022, 2023 it increased to 55%, 83% and 95%, respectively.
According to the International Ship Network, the price of dual fuel engines that can be used alternately for naval fuel and gas fuel is more than 20% higher than that of conventional wood fuel engines. The ratio of orders to high-profit dual fuel engines has expanded, pushing the Hanhua engine to profit.
Figure 47: 30% drop in new orders for Hanhua engines in 2023 Figure 48: 17% increase in hand orders for Hanhua engines in 2023
Japan’s diesel engine tap, acquisition of the ihi engine to consolidate its position, was established in 1917, its engine operations were earlier configured, technical cooperation with the designer manb&w (now manes) began in 1926, and the first diesel engine was manufactured in 1928 and is now produced for more than 90 years.
R & D experience. The network showed that by March 2021 it had achieved cumulative production of 110 million horsepower, with a cumulative output of over 7,000, the world’s leading ship engine manufacturer.
Year after year, the brand of the new laxative engine under the ihi flag absorbed and merged the Japanese joint diesel engine, which was merged and renamed the ihi power system company, covering medium- and low-speed diesel engines, gas turbines, boosters, land engines, etc.. According to the tri-welle-e-s network, in 2023, tri-welle e-s acquired Japanese ihi ' s naval engine business and currently tri-welle e-s.
In Japan, the share of the market rose to 70%. According to the 3-hole e-&s finance report, the company ' s operations in 2018-2022 were divided into ships, machinery (ship diesel, container cranes, industrial machinery, after-sales equipment), engineering (environmental energy, infrastructure), and others.
The share in the ship business was transferred to the permanent stone ship (34 per cent of the share held after the transfer, 1h22 starting to dissipate). In 2022, ships, and in 2022, as a result of the growth of diesel orders and the smooth delivery of container cranes, the revenue from mechanical operations increased by 13 per cent and operating profits by 2.4 per cent over the same period.
In 2023, the company’s operations were divided into growth operations (carbon-decarbonization operations, industrial machinery, electromechanical integration/special equipment), naval propulsion systems (ship engines, axle bearings, etc.), logistics systems (container cranes, etc.), adjoining and other operations.
Japanengine: Japanese ship engine brander+manufacturer, with significant improvement in performance, Japan engine j-eng was established in 2017, combined with Mitsubishi heavy engine sector and Kobe diesel machine, and, after consolidation, with designer Mitsubishi heavy engine low speed engine development and ue branding, and Kobe diesel mechanism manufacturing capacity.
Mitsubishi Heavy Worker Engines: According to the j-eng official network, Mitsubishi Heavy Worker started shipbuilding operations in 1884, became Japan’s first private diesel engine company in 1917, and successfully developed a large-scale diesel engine, a diesel machine, on its own initiative in 1932. In 1957, it authorized the production of a Kobe diesel engine by patenting its ue brand engine.
The patent for brand engines has been introduced to authorize production at shipyards such as Yichang and Modern Heavy Industries, which were founded in 1910 and were the first to produce oil engines, and which began production of four-slash diesel engines in 1938, followed by deep cooperation with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in the engine field, which was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1961.
As of 2014, the total production of its installed motors had reached 2,000, the beneficial ship cycle had seen a high demand for its engines, and income from j-eng has increased steadily since 2020. In 2023, j-eng achieved income of 15,249 million yen, a 15.9 per cent increase compared to the profit margin, and in recent years j-eng's business performance has remained relatively high.
High rate of increase, with net profit of 551 million yen in 2022 and 786 million yen in 2023, respectively, increasing by the same year,3 and higher prices for low-speed diesel engines for the company ' s ships, with a view to a sustained increase in future profits of 3.1 volumes: sustained breakthroughs on the back of the Chinese Ship Group + dual fuel technology. Companies have a strong ability to achieve a single income.
In terms of capacity, we consider the company to have two main advantages: first, the Chinese Ship Group, which is the company’s indirect shareholder, is the largest shipbuilding group in the world, and the Chinese Ship Group and one of its agents together hold 56.32% of the company’s shares, with its many main loading plants. The company relies on the Chinese ship fleet.
Second, the shipping industry’s carbon-reduction policy is becoming more stringent, with two-fuel ships on the rise. The company’s dual-fuel engine technology has continued to break out in recent years, and 23-year-old reports indicate that the company is now in the lead in the development of a green, low-carbon backbone.
In 23 years, the company has successfully delivered a number of global-owned two-fuel low-speed diesel machines, such as 9x92df-2.icer, and a subsidiary, the Shippower Group, has developed Methanol double-fuel engine m320dm-pfi to complete the accepted test. A breakthrough in dual-fuel engine technology is expected to guarantee the company’s ability to take orders in the green low-carbon mainframe area.
China's fleet of ships, with a strong firm order, is now in the middle of the world's construction, and China's share is rising steadily. According to Clarksons, since 2008, the number of new orders, the volume of shipbuilding and the global share of orders in hand has remained at over 90%.
Since 2016, China has shown a steady overall upward trend in the three above-mentioned indicators. 1-4m2024, according to dwt calibre, China has the highest number of new orders for shipbuilding, delivery of shipbuilding and hand-held orders in the world, 68.8%, 58.3% and 58.3%, respectively.
The global concentration of shipbuilding has increased dramatically, with China’s fleet leading the world’s share of ships and firm engine orders strong. According to the clarksons, the number of active shipyards worldwide fell from 1,031 to 371 in 2008-2023. The concentration of the shipbuilding industry has increased significantly in the context of capacity development.
According to Clarksons, as of April 2024, there were 17 shipyards under the flag of the China Shipping Group, with 663 ships under hand orders totalling 23,276,000 cgt, on the global side of the Chinese Ship Group, with a strong degree of certainty in the orders. According to company 2023, the company's indirect shareholders were:
China Shipping Group, the largest ship-building group in the world, the China Shipping Group and its co-activists, together hold 56.32% of the shares of the company, with its many main loading plants. The company relies on the China Shipping Group, which determines the order for engine operations. Chart 60: The number of active ship plants worldwide has continued to decline since 2008 (one)
Figure 61: High global concentration of shipworks (as of April 2024) Concomitant with low-carbon environmental trends, sustained breakthroughs in dual-fuel engine technology, sustained breakthroughs in company dual-fuel engine technology, and rising orders. According to company announcements:
The annual launch of the world ' s first 7s35megi mainframe, the cmd-wingd7x62df-2.1icer mainframe, etc., laid the foundation for the company ' s rapid growth in the dual fuel engine sector: in 2022, the company ' s dual fuel mainframe was delivered to 45 units, a 155.2 per cent increase.
2023: The company successfully delivered multiple global-owned two-fuel low-speed diesel machines, including 9x92df-2.08er, and the China-China Shippower Group has developed m320dm-pfi, Methanol double-fuel engines, completed the accepted test, China-ship, motivated to complete Methanol-Multi-fuel master mechanism technology preparation; China-China-Wide autonomously developed the first domestic vessel
chg234v8mpi pure methanol motors. In the area of ship hosts, the company re-invented the sale of its dual fuel mainframe in 2023. High volume of 133 eng dual fuel hosts, 9x92df, 6g80me-gi, etc., 10x92df-m, 12g95-lgim, 34 methanol dual fuel hosts, with the same increase of 79.73% and 41.67% respectively, ethane dual combustion.
1q24: According to the China Ship Industry Association, in the first quarter of 24 years, the ship motors under the company were used for the main airship, with 41 per cent and 18.4 per cent increases in the number of handouts and horsepower, respectively, of which the number of two fuel hosts and the number of horsepower were the same.
This is a 200% increase, fat node is an 8% increase from the same year, with a steady increase in production capacity. In March, the world’s first 6x62-s2.0+hpscr mainframe was successfully tested at Café, the world’s first 6x72df-2.2+icer host was successfully tested at the Ministry, and dual fuel engine technology made a sustained breakthrough.
*2024: On May 9, 24, the country’s first Methanol two-fuel low-speed machine 6g50me-c9.6-lgim-egrbp successfully operated a double-fuel supply and vehicle operation in the company’s subsidiary. The mainframe is the country’s first Methanol double-fuel mainframe, with a 50% reduction in nitrogen oxides and 97% sulphur oxides compared to the traditional mainframe.
Emissions of substances, 90 per cent of particulate matter and 11 per cent of greenhouse gases are currently the world ' s most environmentally friendly two-stroke mainframe, and the production capacity of the methanol two-fuel mainframe has been fully developed since the first Methanol two-fuel mainframe order was signed in 2022.
Future: According to the company logo, by the end of 24, it is expected that the medium-ship engine will have completed eight methanol double fuel test stations, and six methanol binoculars will be delivered in the second half of 24 months, gradually shortening the Methanol mainframe test cycle on the basis of accumulated research and construction experience and becoming the country's first Methanol double fuel with sustainable delivery capacity at low speed
In addition, the company has accelerated the layout of its ammonia mainframe production and technical pre-research, and is expected to complete the construction of four ammonia fuel pilot stations in Qingdao in 2025, when it will be fully equipped to produce ammonia low-speed machines.
In recent years, the company’s low speed platform has grown by 10.71% over the same period. (2) On the order side: according to company announcements, in 2023, the company’s new fleet used 560 low speed diesel machines, an increase of 42.49% over the same period; and on the other hand, 799 medium- and high-speed diesel engines, an increase of 17.85% over the same period.
Contract liabilities continue to rise, supporting long-term growth in corporate revenue. The beneficial ship runs a large cycle, and the company’s diesel-powered business needs sufficient orders to support long-term growth in corporate revenue. 3.2 Prices: Increased shipbuilding + higher double fuel power ratio, driving engine averages up
As we reported in the depth report of the ship industry, Big Cycles, China Leads the World, since 2021, as the demand for shipbuilding continues, the number of active ship factories at the supply end continues to decline, the price of Clarkson's new shipbuilding index continues to rise from 2021. As of April 2024, the Clarkson Global Price Index for new ships had risen.
183.92 The same ratio + 9.92%, and the ring ratio + 0.41%. According to the Status and Trends of New Energy Power Systems for Ships, ship power systems account for about 30% of the total cost of ship-wide equipment, more than 20% of the total cost, and are nuclear-heart equipment for ship operations.
According to Green Transformation, where is the alternative fuel path?, with the accelerated decarbonization of the shipping industry, double fuel ships continue to penetrate. Double fuel ships are more valuable, with 543,000 cubicly produced tankers, for example, eng double fuel vessels 20-25% more expensive than conventional fuel vessels, and methanol double-fired.
According to Msi, in 2023-2025, ng ' s two-fuel new ship was 30% higher than the traditional fuel ship in 2023-2025 and could maintain a 20% or more lead in the next 10 years. According to the international ship network, double fuel engines are more than 20% higher than traditional diesel engines. According to China ' s shipping attorney, maneses
By 2030, the ratio of dual-fuel engines to all new ships worldwide is expected to rise to about 85%. The continued penetration of future dual-fired engines is expected to contribute to a structural increase in the average cost of corporate engines.
Figure 69: Prices of ng, methanol double-fueled tankers as compared to traditional fuel tankers 3.3 Cost: steel prices remain low, value the company’s profitability increases, steel prices remain low, and companies’ profitability is expected to rise. Ship and sea operations, as mature manufacturing industries, have a steady cost over time
The price of raw materials is an important factor affecting the company’s ability to make a profit. Hundreds of millions of yuan, including $32,284 million in raw materials, or 83.11 per cent. 14,503 million yuan is spent on diesel power operations, of which $11,355 billion, or 79.29 per cent, is spent on raw materials, and the cost of raw materials is higher.
Steel prices remain low: according to company announcements, the main raw material for equipment such as diesel engines is steel, while the composite steel price index (cspi) has been down overall since the second half of 2021. Moreover, according to the latest data in April 2024, the black price index, such as steel, was again discovered in April, according to the China Logistics and Procurement Federation.
86.8, the ring fell by 1.5 per cent, or 9.6 per cent, from a 1.1 per cent drop in the coil price, to an overall downward trend in the price of line materials, which is still at a relatively low level, with less pressure on the cost end, and we look at the company. Chart 71: 83 per cent of the cost of the company's main business.
Figure 72: Raw materials as a percentage of the cost of company diesel-powered operations 78% Chart 73: The overall downward trend in the composite steel price index since the second half of 2021 Core logic: beneficial global ship-building cycles and high demand for low-speed diesel engines. Companies as domestic power systems
The lead, with the advantages of resources, technology, etc., is now full of hand orders, the contract debt continues to rise, and the company’s revenue is released over a long period of time. At the same time as the ship cycle brings up the price of shipbuilding, environmental policy upgrades drive the rate of penetration of dual-fuel engines to increase revenue: the global ship-building cycle benefits, and the demand for diesel engines is high.
(a) The diesel engine, which consolidates the Chinese engine, the heavy wood worker, the heavy river wood worker, and the 4 companies of the China China Ship Dynamics Group, has consolidated their leading position in the field of diesel engine power in the domestic ship. According to the company ' s 2023 report, in 2023, the production of low-speed diesel engines for the company ' s ships and the new contract for the connection were innovative, with 560 low-speed diesel engines for the new ship connection, an increase of 42.49 per cent;
The share of the domestic market for low-speed diesel engines has risen to 78 per cent, and the share of the international market has risen to 39 per cent. Given the current high profile of the diesel industry, and the company’s leading position in the industry, we expect that the company’s power system will be the core equipment for ship operations over the next three years, and that the price of ship engines will continue to rise.
In addition, the average company engine price is expected to increase structurally with the increase in the penetration rate of dual-fuel engines. (2) Cost: the main raw material for diesel engines is steel, and the composite steel price index (cspi) has been on the decline overall since the second half of 2021. Furthermore, based on the latest data from April 2024, China ' s logistics and procurement union
In April, the black price index, such as steel, went down again to 86.8 points, with the ring falling by 1.5 per cent, or 9.6 per cent, with the screw steel price falling by 1.1 per cent, the line-line price falling by 0.9 per cent, and the plate price in popular carbon falling by 0.9 per cent, at a relatively low level, with less pressure on the cost side, and we think that the company’s profitability will continue to rise. We expect that 2024-
Industry level: According to company report 2023: (1) Automobile low voltage batteries: for conventional fuel vehicles, the engine is used primarily to start the engine with a flash light. Currently, lead acid batteries are used in mainstream electric vehicles: for fuel commercial vehicles, owners generally choose to install stationed air conditioners to enhance driving sense, and the main stationary air conditioner batteries are used
The cumulative capacity of the new storage capacity (92.7 per cent of the lithium batteries) was approximately 32.2gw per year, an increase of 196.5 per cent, or 38.4 per cent of the total; by 2025, it is projected that the global build-up of the new storage capacity will be approximately 328gw, and the Chinese build-up of the new storage capacity is about 70gw, an average annual growth rate of more than 50 per cent.
Corporate level: According to company report 2023: (1) company lead batteries are widely used in the areas of automobile power, communications, railways, ships, logistics. The company is in the first line of the vehicle low-pressure battery market, while providing deactivated batteries for medium- and high-end models at international cars such as Mercedes, BMW, Popular, Audi, General Motors, etc. (2) lithium power storage.
The company ' s lithium cell business started relatively late, with a breakthrough of zero power lithium power commercial point in 2020 and is currently operating on sea platforms and port equipment: At the industry level: according to the China Ship Industry Association, the sea industry market was up in 2023 but supplied to the end of production
With limited access, shipyards have accelerated their transformation since the adjustment of the global seaworks market in 2014 and have been partly bankrupted, partly converted to transport ship operations, and partially withdrawn from the market. At the peak of 2013, more than 200 shipyards worldwide received seafood orders, compared to 62 in 2023. Supply-stressed China Industry Support Ship Price Index of 2023 reached 85.9, same as in 2023.
According to Clarkson, the demand for the seaworks market has improved steadily since the end of 2023, but supply growth has been limited, with the Clarkson Seawork Index (reflecting the rent levels of the seaworks market) reaching 112.4 points in early March 2024, a 72% increase over the average over the past decade, and a further upturn is expected in 2024.
At the corporate level, according to the company ' s 2023 report, the company ' s business product consists of a series of five products, including a towed system (locker, rudder, crane, cable, etc.), marine lifting equipment (seawork cranes), platform lift, propulsion and power positioning systems, and liquid loading and unloading systems.
In 2023, the company completed the development of its largest fully integrated 18mw offshore wind prototype and completed its first pc3 ice-scale 6mw crane booster, which has been growing at a rate of about 20% for two years.
According to the company ' s 2023 report, in the area of gear transmission, the company broke the technological monopoly of companies such as Foret and Frand in high-end gear boxes, and had some advantages in such areas as domestic naval equipment, fuel-fired electrical equipment, deviation oars, composite planets, gears and industrial special coaxes. We expect the company 2024-2026.
Industry: (1) Gas Dynamics: According to company report 2023, gas turbine technology is mainly in the hands of firms in developed European and American countries. Companies focus on small- and medium-scale gas turbine markets and have autonomous capacity to develop and develop small- and medium-gas turbines.
The steam engine is divided into steam power for ships and industrial steam power, and technology and markets are largely monopolized by siemens, man, and so on. The steam engine is used mainly as a power unit for conventional/nuclear-powered surface ships and nuclear-powered underwater ships.
Energy efficiency, mainly applied to high back-pressure turbines, low-parameter turbines, light heat reheating turbines and rest-heating pans at the corporate level: (1) gas power: the company has decades of technological accumulation in small- and medium-sized gas turbines (5-50mw). Products cover areas such as ship power, industrial drive and power generation, and have a lead in the domestic small- and medium-scale gas turbine industry
Preliminarily, the self-researched 25mw grade combustion product is internationally advanced, and the cgt25 crew, as the company-owned self-research product, has cumulatively delivered dozens of sets and successfully entered the overseas market. (2) Steam power: the company ' s medium-high back pressure turbines are widely used in petrochemicals, coal-chemicals, metallurgicals, etc., and are in a dominant position domestically: light
The heat reheating wheels can replace imports of siemen, man; the low-parameter turbines are used between the power plant and the heating vents and the heating grid. The company is now accelerating the process of nationalization of core equipment, such as residual boilers, steam turbines, storage equipment, and increasing its autonomous control capacity in 2023.
The company’s steam-driven operations generated revenues of $1,262 million, i.e. 0.86 per cent. In the future, with national production replacing the industry: according to the company’s 2023 report, the current fleet of luxury cruise ships, ice-breakers, new ships built by sea-crafts are almost entirely exploited with integrated power-propelled systems, and there are a growing number of other types of ships, such as fishing boats, naval vessels, chemical vessels, wind and wind.
The installation of ships, etc., has also begun to be gradually introduced, and we expect a sustained increase in the size of the future integrated electricity market for ships. At the corporate level, according to the company’s 2023 report, in the military field, the company has been tasked with the development of most of the power propulsion units in active service and under study by our Navy, which are the most powerful and fully integrated ships in the country.
In the civil sector, companies are able to provide core equipment and systems, including transformers, electric motors, energy management systems, propulsion control systems, etc. In recent years, companies have provided new energy sources in Xinjiang, Hubei, Anhui, etc.
The industry is expected to continue to grow in size and the company’s leading position in the domestic market, and we expect the 2024-2026 report to produce 3-4 new nuclear power units and the addition of 4-5gw nationwide by the end of 2024, when the country’s nuclear power unit will reach around 58 and 61gw. According to China’s Nuclear Energy Development Report (2023),
The size of our nuclear power market is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate in the future. At the corporate level, according to the company’s 2023 report, the company’s nuclear power operations consist mainly of nuclear engineering, pre- and post-nuclear power.
For nuclear power engineering, the company works with China-wide Nuclear Design Corporation to construct a three-dimensional design platform for the power station system; it also has a design capability for nuclear sampling, nuclear waste, emergency diesel generator support systems. For special valves, the company's valve products have blast valves, steam containment valves, nuclear-grade waves, etc.
In terms of radiation monitoring, the RMS (krt system) market at nuclear power plants in the country is about 50%. In 2022/2023, the company ' s nuclear power industry grew at a rate of 129-68%, and the rate of increase was higher.
Taking into account the high rate of growth in our nuclear power market and the company’s leading position in the domestic market, we expect thermodynamic power: the heat engine is mainly used in special ship power systems, with some applications in distributed energy, engineering and machinery packages and special fluid pumps. According to the 2023 report, the company is in a position to do so domestically.
In response to the development and application of emerging technologies such as small nuclear power, power cells, and fuel cells, the company is actively engaged in the development of key technologies such as mw-grade heaters, supercritical carbon dioxide (sco2) closed-cycle power generation. We expect company heat in 2024-2026.
Cost aspects: (1) sales, management rates: corporate sales rates and management rates have declined since 2019 to continuously strengthen autonomous R & D capabilities, to advance the development of new engine types such as 20mw, 6-16mw, 28wm, 50mw, and to nationalize spare parts such as temperature sensors, high-pressure pumps, winding fuel heating systems, and methanol,
Research and development on the hydrogen fuel high-speed machine is expected to remain at 4.4% for 24-26 years, benefiting from the global shipbuilding cycle, with a strong demand for low-speed diesel engines. As the leader of the domestic power system, the company is now full of hand orders, with rising contractual liabilities and long-term revenue release.
While the boom has led to higher ship-building prices, environmental policy upgrades have led to higher penetration of dual-fuel engines, higher value of double-fuel engines, and high-price orders have released higher corporate profitability. We expect companies to be operating in 24-26 years, with higher average prices for beneficial engine products, and companies expected to continue to improve their profitability in the future, giving them 24 years 46 times more than that.
The risk of fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. The main raw materials for equipment, such as the company’s diesel engine, are subject to changes in macroeconomics and supply and demand.
With the impact of globalization, the price of raw materials fluctuations, if companies fail to effectively transfer cost pressures, will result in the company’s overall Māori rate of production below the expected risk of an up-to-date ship industry. The company’s navigational support business is closely linked to the shipbuilding industry and the global shipping industry, with global macroeconomic implications, and may be passed on to the company in the wake of a significant decline in the number of new orders.
The current business model continues to be dominated by a large portfolio of clients, which, if new clients are not expanded as expected, will result in an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market