ivd high-speed, high-end "product + market" on a continuous basis.
The pace of equipment acquisition affects the speed of domestic operations, localization + high-end crowd breakthroughs aiding International \triangleright Cao Jialine
The domestic market achieved an income of $12.62 billion (yoy+7.2 per cent), a slight slowdown in growth, which we believe is due mainly to the rehabilitation of the medical sector and the equipment replacement project, which affects the pace of equipment acquisition, and a decline of 12 per cent in the Department ' s domestic equipment-type operations, while in vitro diagnostic reagents, etc., account for the consumption associated with the number of consultations.
Business growth of more than 30% is an important driver of growth in domestic markets. International markets benefit from accelerated localization, progressive release of high-end customers and income of $7.91 billion, with a prospect of recovery, a combination of continued high growth in domestic consumption, and sustained high-end breakthroughs in overseas operations.
The second half of the year is expected to accelerate the growth of the in vitro diagnostic production line, which leads to a higher-end ultrasound that consolidates the competitive advantage of video operations. The distribution line shows that 2024h11 in vitro diagnostics generated income of $7.66 billion (Yoy+28.2%), of which the result is
In addition, the company's water liners continued to increase at a rate of up to 30 per cent, the mt-8000 national loadings have broken 100 and 90 per cent are level-III hospitals, laying the foundation for growth in reagent use. 2 Medical images generate revenues.
The company's ultrasound and ultra-high-end series are growing by more than 40%, and with the high-end ultrasound newaa20 on the market in the future, the company's competitiveness in the ultra-high-end ultrasound market is expected to increase further, and the in vitro diagnosis leads to a breakthrough at the high-end overseas.
This is due to the impact of the domestic pace of recruitment, which led to a double-digit slide in the first half of the business line, while international markets benefited from warmer demand, the gradual expansion of digitally intelligent solutions, and high-end “New Capital Plus Clinical Recovery”, which contributed to steady growth.
In the second half of the year, we believe that, with a steady increase in performance in the third quarter, interest-bearing lending policies, domestic market recruitment is well under way and life information and support production lines are expected to return to growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
Risk factors: risk of product development; risk of falling product prices; \triangleright fleet of sellers involved in trade friction between China and the United States for more than nine years.
The securities, in 2023, were in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, they were in charge of credit securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.