The global layout has been steadily advancing, with robust growth showing resilience, and mid-2024 reporting performance ratings.
Income of $11,158 million (+10.35 per cent), net profit of $4,401 million (+13.69 per cent) from the mother, steady growth in performance in the first half of the year, and steady growth in global layout. In the first half of 2024, despite the impact of the health sector restructuring and equipment upgrading policies, the pace of domestic court-level bidding was somewhat high.
□: influence by Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn, and fluctuations in the exchange rate levels of companies resulting from changes in overseas exchange rates, while firm revenue and profits are still positive, are now better growing and are expected to benefit from public service, in addition to being more resilient as a result of the depth of operations
(b) Equipment upgrades and specific local government debt are issued as planned to provide financial support for the procurement of medical equipment; and (c) the US dollar interest-raising cycle is ending, and foreign purchasing power is gradually recovering or will trigger rapid growth in international operations.
Life information and support: delays in the recruitment exercise will result in short-term pressure and the release of expected beneficiary needs in the second half of the year. It is clear (over 90%) that the rigid mirror system has doubled, and high-value consumption (e.g. ultrasound knife) is beginning to be phased out.
Upgraded to more than $24 billion, it is expected that the backlog of procurement needs will not be affected and will be released gradually in the future. At the same time, corporate life information and support products have become fully world-class in terms of competitiveness, allowing for accelerated penetration of high-end clients overseas, leading to a double-digit growth in international business of 2024h1.
The steady release of delayed domestic demand, the opening of a growing space abroad, and the prospect of a gradual recovery in corporate life information and support operations in the second half of the year, with long-term steady growth, are expected. In vitro diagnostics: diagnostic recovery and speed up overseas to bright-sighted performance.
(b) Client penetration has continued to increase, with more than 60 additional third-party labs being added. We believe that the company's depth [Galactic Medicine] is increasing _Mary Medical (300760).
The high degree of certainty with regard to the rapid growth of the in vitro diagnostic operations is mainly due to: 1 headline status of the blood cell operations 2023 and 1-quarter performance rating 2024: performance instruments are being consolidated; 2 collections are driving the acceleration of national production replacement in the chemical luminous field; 3-water lines and high-speed machines are being installed smoothly
2. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company’s depth _Mary’s Medical Care (300,760): the machine has laid the foundation for follow-up reagents; 4 third-party laboratories abroad have broken through to open the ceiling for future growth.
Medical images: High-end ultrasound continues to be released, and the market’s advantage is further expanded. 2024h1 company medical film [Galactic Medicines] company review _Mary Medical (300,760): 427.4 billion yuan (+15.49%) of business income, or 20.82% (+0.79 pt).
Overall performance is growing robustly and high-quality development is yielding remarkable results divisional ultrasound has been consolidated in the country's first and third world industry, benefiting mainly from the successful penetration of high-end products from the company's top-of-the-line ultrasound platform, resona20.
As you can see, high-end overseas market coverage and high-end customers’ breakthrough marketing strategies have been effective. Investment advice: Murray is the home-grown, best-selling, high-end, diversified, and globalized development strategy that helps companies grow into global medical equipment leaders, the next ten.
Overseas operations will be an important engine of corporate growth during the year. We expect companies to return to their homes in 2024-2026, risk that sales abroad will not progress as expected, and that new products will not be developed as expected. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Men-hee, Master of Quantities in Finance at the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical industry. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.