2024h1 performance meets expectations, vd high-speed performance meets expectations, profitability increases, three lines of business growth robustly, company prices compared to 300 deep trends
In terms of lines of operation, the three lines of operation have grown steadily, and the ratio of income to Māori-higher rates of in vitro diagnostic reagents and medium- and high-end custody and image-type products has been rising. (1) Life Information and Support has achieved revenue of $80.09 billion in the first half of 2024.
The main reason for the decline in the domestic economy is that, as a result of industrial restructuring and equipment upgrading policies, the recruitment of medical equipment is expected to be delayed by a general pattern of wait-and-seeing.
China’s market health sector has gradually become regularized, and the impact on hospital tender procurement will diminish, and Murray’s competitiveness will become more pronounced in a more transparent and regulated procurement environment. According to companies, by the end of the reporting period, new domestic healthcare infrastructure will be in the market space to be released.
(b) In vitro diagnostic income in the first half of 2024 reached $7.658 billion, and in the second half of 2024, the number of internal chemical lights rose to third (the first two are Rhodes and Yap).
The demand for outpatient care, surgery, etc. has continued to grow rapidly, with more than 25% of the country’s in vitro diagnostic operations growing in the first half of the year. Among these, the country’s blood cell business has grown by more than 30% in the first half of the year, thereby consolidating the company’s position as first in the country’s blood cell market and continuing to distance itself from its competitors.
1. [Waan’s Medicines] Company Review: Murray’s Medical Services Overseas, the company has accelerated the build-up of local platformed capacity for manufacturing, logistics distribution, clinical support, etc. in the overseas in vitro diagnostic market through mergers and acquisitions and self-building.
2. Murray Medical Care (300,760): Performance met expectations, the merger and acquisition consolidation of diasys was well under way, the penetration rate of large sample customers abroad was still holding, the growth ceiling opened up in overseas markets.
As it accelerated, more than 60 third-party overseas chains were successfully broken in the first half of the year, and the first mt 8000 stream was installed, driving international in vitro diagnostic operations to grow by more than 30% in the first half of the year.
The advantage is that the company continues to deepen its partnership with third-party laboratories abroad. In this, the company has become an exclusive blood cell supplier to the largest Latin American laboratory, Dasa, and will use it to expand its operations horizontally.
With the ultra-high-end ultrasound platform launched at the end of last year, the company has further consolidated its position in the top of the domestic market for ultra-sound operations. With the end of this year's ultra-high-end ultrasound market, there will also be Murray in the future of the ultra-high-end market, which has been held by import brands for a long time.
In international markets, firms rapidly tailor marketing strategies, increase the coverage of high-end overseas markets and accelerate the process of high-end client breakthroughs, further entrenching the third-largest industry in the world.
(4) In the first half of 2024, electricity physiology and vascular intervention generated revenues of about $374 million. In the first half of 2024, the Department strategically acquired ownership of Hye-Thai medical care and moved into the area of cardiovascular matter, which is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate than the company as a whole.
• Increased cost control and accelerated product roll-out. In the first half of 2024, companies continued to roll out new products and enrich product lines. In the area of life information and support, companies introduced SRI decision-making support systems, a3/a1 anesthesia systems, 4k
New products and solutions such as three-dimensional electron chest intraperitoneal mirror systems, cavity mirrors, anifmi1 animal fluid pumps, veta 3x animal special anesthesia machines, ts30vet animal telemetry monitoring systems, veta5plus animal special anesthesia machines.
In the area of in vitro diagnosis, the company has introduced cl-2600i full autochemical photoimmunology analyser, bs-1000m complete biochemistry analyser, m680 fully automated biochemistry flow line, pivka-ii test reagent box, megacellular virus ig anti-body collusive test
New products, such as reagent boxes, bowworm ig anti-relationship test boxes, stomach genurin 17 (g-17) reagent boxes, bc-20vet animal-specific fully automated blood cell analysers, will be introduced as a solid basis for the continuation of the rapid growth of the assistive external diagnostic operations.
In the field of medical imagery, the company has mainly launched medium- and high-end ultrasound resona/nuewa 19 elite editions, medium- and high-end ultrasound resona/nuewa18, vetus80 animal super, vetusnova animal super, vetipad tableboard and software upgrades
This report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.