Performance continued to grow robustly, with the intellectual enabling effects visible The profit-and-loss effects grew at a rate of 22.1 per cent, with operating income of $11.16 billion in the second quarter, corresponding to growth, a short period of domestic pressure, a marked recovery from overseas, with high growth expected to continue.
Subregionally, the domestic market has been affected by the unsettled rehabilitation of the medical sector and the upgrading of medical equipment, with equipment-type performance under pressure, but benefiting from a sustained increase in the demand for consultations, such as outpatient consultations, surgical operations, and a continuous increase in market share, vd reagents, and
In the first half of the year, the growth of the company’s operations has been high. According to company statistics, the market opportunities for new domestic medical infrastructure to be released have further increased to over $24 billion.
The project’s ultra-permanent special national debt is still being issued as planned, and the pace of issuance of special local government debt has also been observed to accelerate the trend, which will directly and effectively ease the financial pressure on hospitals and support the procurement of tenders for medical equipment.
There was a recovery, with significant growth in the major Western European developed countries; the Asia-Pacific region, represented by India and Australia at the highest/minimum price in 52 weeks, maintained high growth and is expected to grow in developing countries in the second half of the year.
Further acceleration. In terms of high-end client breakthroughs, companies contribute 14 per cent of their international strategic clients to international market sales. We think that as the dollar cycle ends, it's going overseas.
Client purchasing power will also recover gradually, and the high growth trend in corporate overseas operations is expected to continue. Limited ivd production lines continue to perform well, with chemical luminous operations increasing by more than 30%
The distribution line is: (1) pmls plate, which generated operating income of $8.01 billion in the first half of 2024, a decrease of 7.59 per cent in the same year, with minor surgical growth of more than 90 per cent, a doubling of the hard mirror system, and a gradual release of high-value materials such as ultrasound.
The equipment upgrade project led to a sustained delay in bidding procurement activities in the first half of the year, placing greater pressure on the line. But the recovery in overseas market purchases is expected to keep the company’s pmls production line growing steadily and fast. (2) ivd plate, with operating income of $7.66 billion in the first half of 2024
With the increasing demand for medical treatments such as surgery, the demand for consumables such as reagents has grown rapidly and with certainty, and the country's in vitro diagnostics has grown by more than 25% in the first half of the year.
Level-III hospitals. Overseas, the merger and acquisition of Diasys is well under way, and the penetration of the largest sample of customers abroad continues to accelerate, with more than 60 third-party offshore parties successfully breaking through in the first half of the year, earning $4.27 billion a year, an increase of 15.49%, with ultrasound and above.
The company has further consolidated its position as the first industry in the domestic market for ultrasound operations. We believe that corporate compliance and national product turnover will be advanced by policies such as industrial consolidation, clustering, etc.
Substitute advantage highlights that some lines of the company are expected to grow more resiliently after a short period of pressure. • The “3-Systems” of intellectual products have been deployed, and the enabling effect has been shown.
Created the company's unique competitive advantage and achieved a win-win for both the company and the client. Among them, the "Swiss Union" ecosystem — intellectual guardianship +, innovatively developed istatus state monitoring and evaluation, and an ilarm smart alarm chain, not only allowed hospitals to better use raw physiological data.
Integration, analysis and utilization can also provide more accurate patient state monitoring, evaluation, and alarm for clinical care.
Over 200 new aircraft have been installed in the past six months, including 165 hospitals in 3A. In the international market, the number of “Redwig m-contracts” that have been signed by more than 550 has accumulated. The “Mary Inspector” laboratory solution has installed nearly 330 hospitals throughout the country, of which about 50 per cent have been installed.
80% are level-III hospitals and 115 additional units were installed in the first half of 2024. The “Swig ++” project resulted in a cumulative load of more than 13,000 units, of which nearly 2400 were installed in the first half of 2024, and the installation of the aircraft continued to increase. According to the company, the “Swiss” intellectualization programme has worked hard over the past three years.
A total of about $4.5 billion in sales, as well as in equipment. We believe that, in the context of the country’s intellectual development of medical numbers, companies are expected to improve effectively their chances of winning in the bidding process, thanks to their full range of products and high-quality smart solutions.
Market competition increases the risk: international business is not as widespread as expected: the data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity and fairness, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.