Méri Medical (300760) Medical biology 24h1 performance meets expectations and vd business continues to grow, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its mid-2024 report on operating income of $20.530 billion (+11.1%), achieving a significant increase in the in vitro diagnostic line of operations and a rapid growth in multifactorial performance. Sub-operational line: 1) Life Information and Support 24h1 income of $8.01 billion (-76%), with micro-surgery growing by more than 90% and hard
The mirror system has been able to double the growth in high-value material consumption operations, such as ultrasound knives, and is beginning to be phased out. As a result of the ongoing delays in bidding procurement activities in the first half of the year, the total volume of procurement demand is expected to be released in the future.
Accelerated penetration of high-end client groups, increasing the advantages of intellectual solutions, stimulating international life information and supporting operations to achieve double-digit growth in the first half of the year. (2) In vitro diagnostics, 24h1 income is $7.65 billion (+ growth in demand is also rapid and high. In vitro diagnostics in the first half of the country has grown exponentially.
Over 25% of them. The country's blood cell business grew by more than 30% in the first half of the year. On the overseas side, the penetration rate of large and medium sampled households continues to accelerate, with more than 60 third-party overseas labs successfully breaking through in the first half of the year, and the installation of the first mt 8,000 stream has been completed, driving the growth of international in vitro diagnostic operations in the first half of the year.
More than 30%. 3) Medical video 24h1 income is $4.27 billion (+15.5%), with ultrasound high end and above models growing by more than 40%. In the domestic market, due to industrial restructuring and the impact of the medical equipment renewal project, bid procurement in the first half of the year remained unsatisfied, with major import brands appearing in the country during the first half of the year.
In international markets, while the climate of demand for medium- and low-end ultrasound procurement continues to be affected by the overall macroeconomic environment, firms increase the coverage of high-end overseas markets and accelerate high-end client surges in high R & D inputs and product upgrading.
The company has accelerated the expansion of the application of the SWF's ecological system in the courtyard. Based on the layout and advantages of the company's multi-products of guardianship, anaesthesia, respirators, injection pumps, etc., it has now been introduced to include the entire hospital, severe illness, period of surgery, emergency care, cardiology, general care.
Multi-scenes solutions. Complementing and integrating the clinical databases available in hospitals, building equipment holographic databases through the integration of all equipment data by the bed, supporting research on big data. Marketing, use of clothing, development of overseas localization platforms to expand the global localization network layout and global warehouse network layout, late 2024.
More than 10 overseas localized production bases, including in Mexico, are expected to be opened. Méri Medical (300760): performance against expectations, net Méri Medical (300760): 23q3 profitable
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.