Merri Medical (300760.sz) Mother ' s net profit increased by 14% in the first quarter of the single quarter, and the in vitro diagnostic business performed brightly. Growth in income was disturbed by industrial policy, and the rate of net gain was affected by exchange gains and losses during the same period.
The rate of increase after elimination of exchange gains and losses was 22.1 per cent, resulting in operating income of $11.16 billion in the single quarter of zhangjiabo@guosen.com.cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn (+10.4 per cent), resulting in net profit of $4.4 billion (+13.7 per cent) for the mother and an increase after elimination of exchange gains and losses.
24%. Thanks to the restructuring of the country’s medical sector and the policy of upgrading equipment, this year’s campaign for medical equipment has been delayed by the general state of observation. In vitro diagnostic operations have increased and ultrasounds have reached the top.
Market space to be released has been raised to 24 billion, and deferred procurement projects will continue to be fully released in the future; micro, more than 90 per cent growth in the first half of the year of surgical creation, doubling of the hard mirror system, and progressive release of high-value material-consuming operations such as ultrasound knives. In vitro diagnostic operations will yield $7,658 million (+28.16 per cent), which will be transformed.
Over 30 per cent growth in the luminous operations; over 25 per cent growth in the first half of the country's in vitro diagnostics operations; over 30 per cent growth in the first half of China's blood cell operations; 100 national loadings for the first anniversary of the introduction of the mt8000 full laboratory smart stream; and over 90 per cent of the total number of high- and medium-size sample clients abroad
The rate of penetration continues to accelerate, driving international in vitro diagnostics operations to grow by more than 30% in the first half of the year. The medical video industry has achieved $4,274 million (+15.49%), of which ultrasound models have increased by more than 40%, further consolidating the industry position of ultrasound at the top of the domestic market; companies have accelerated overseas.
Gross net interest rates have increased further, and sales and R & D costs have declined. Māori Mäori Medical (300.760.sz) - “Innovation+Globalization” was sold in the first half of 2024.
The cost rate of 4.01 per cent (-0.30 pp) and the R&D rate of 8.65 per cent (-1.37 pp) contributed to a steady decrease in the cost of Méri Medical (300.760 sz) - a steady growth in performance leading to intellectual transformation upgrades; and the financial cost rate of 1.43 per cent (+1.67 pp), mainly due to changes in exchange rate gains and losses.
"Mary Medical Care (300760.sz) - proposed acquisition of Hye-Thai ' s medical control, advance in cardiovascular investment proposal: companies benefit domestically from new medical infrastructure and product rotation upgrades and accelerate higher overseas "Mary Medical Care (300760.sz)-q3 net return profit increased by 21 per cent over the same period, plus overseas
End-of-service clients expand. Seed operations such as micro-surgery, cardiovasculars, etc. are fast-growing, and the “3Rs” digital intelligence program leads to the mid-2023 mid-year evaluation of Méri Medical (300.760.sz): robust performance, strong performance, and significant results in internationalization, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Revenue growth has been hampered by industrial policies, and the net profit rate has been affected by exchange gains and losses over the same period. In the first half of 2024, industrial restructuring and equipment upgrading policies influenced by the prevailing wait-and-see status of medical equipment recruitment this year.
In vitro diagnostic operations that supported production lines, in vitro diagnostic lines and medical images in the first half of 2024 became a central driver of income growth. Life information and support operations generated $80.09 billion, a decrease of 7.59%.
As a result of the continued delay in bidding for procurement activities in the first half of the year, the line has been placed under considerable pressure. The total backlog of procurement requirements has not been affected, and all deferred procurement projects will remain released in the future.
The demand for procurement in overseas markets has largely recovered, with firms accelerating their penetration into high-end client groups, expanding the advantages of overall products and a number of intellectual solutions, driving international life information and support operations to double-digit growth in the first half of the year. Micro-surgery has grown by more than 90% in the first half of the year, hard mirror systems have doubled, and high-value materials have been consumed.
In vitro diagnostics generated $7,658 million, an increase of 28.16 per cent over the same period, with chemical lighting growing by more than 30 per cent. With the increasing demand for outpatient, surgical, etc. consultations, the demand for materials such as reagents has grown rapidly.
In the first half of the year, the country’s blood cell business grew by more than 30%, further consolidating the company’s position as first in the domestic blood cell market, and continuing to bridge the gap between its share of competition and competition. It benefited from the new generation of smart currents and innovative reagents, and chemical hair.
In addition, the flow-line machine continues to accelerate, with the mt 8,000 full-laboratory smart-water stream breaking 100 and more than 90% of the country’s level-III hospitals. Large samples from overseas are moving faster.
It continues to accelerate, with more than 60 third-party overseas chains successfully breaking through in the first half of the year, and the completion of the first installation of the mt 8,000 stream of water, leading to an increase of more than 30% in the international in vitro diagnostic operations in the first half of the year. The medical imaging operations generated $4,274 million, an increase of 15.49% over the same period, with ultrasound and above.
By the end of last year, the domestic market benefited from the launch of the state-owned ultra-high-end ultrasound platform resonaa20, which further consolidated the company’s position as the first industry in the domestic market for ultra-sound operations. With the ultra-high-end ultrasound of the company’s maternity applications on the market at the end of this year, the company is expected to make a further breakthrough in its long-term import branding.
In vitro diagnostic operations revenue and speed (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 7: Medical image business (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 8: Three broad categories of business Māori contribution of 14% of customers in international market sales. In the first half of the year, life information and support, in vitro diagnosis.
Net gross interest rates have increased further, and sales and R & D rates have decreased. Mäori sales in the first half of 2024.
Operating cash flows remain healthy and high quality. The net operating cash flow of companies is 8.510 billion (+89.51%) and the ratio of cash flows to net return earnings is 112%, maintaining good health and quality. As of the end of June 2024, the “tris” intelligence programme led to high-end domestic and foreign client breakthroughs and equipment sales. As of June 2024
At the end of the day, the SWF ecosystem, the Méri inspector's laboratory solution and the Swig ++ project have accumulated over 900, nearly 330 and 13,000 units, respectively. The Suh jin ecosystem has grown rapidly by adding more than 200 units in the first half of the year. The Suh yang ++ project has completed nearly 2,400 units in the first half of the year and continues to do so on an ongoing basis.
Speed up. The cumulative sales achieved by the Tri-Swiss intelligence programme over the past three years, as well as the resulting sales of equipment, totalled approximately $4.5 billion.
Investment proposals: the company benefits domestically from new infrastructure and product rotations and simultaneously accelerates high-end client growth overseas. The in vitro diagnostics business has grown, seed operations such as microsurgery and cardiovasculars have spread at high speeds, the “3 S” intellectualization programme has led to a transformational upgrading, scale effects and higher-end product ratios have increased profitability.
Taking into account the impact of the restructuring of the country’s health-care sector and the policy of upgrading equipment, the downward adjustment of income and profitability projections is expected to accelerate the process, which will gradually grow into a global medical flagship, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoning judgment and drawing conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author