The company, what's the bottom of it?
Caring, earning cabbage, selling coke. Such a hard-working study would be better than keeping up with a few big, understandable giants and then staring for a long time. On the evening of 30 October, the company released a new three-quarterly report – the third quarter of 2019 – and it achieved business income.
20,773 million yuan, an increase of 10.36% in the same year; net profit for mothers is 77,239 million yuan, an increase of 14.63% in the same year, and assets.
It's the leading commercial bank, the hiring bank. Behind this sharp stock price is the excess gain from its retail operations — the net difference has been consistently higher than the industry average over the past decade, the weighted roe has remained above 17%, and in this report, Merger Merger is going to update its financial model Excel tables, based on the new three-quarters report, and for everyone.
The core thrust of the tri-quarter report is: in terms of the quality of growth — $20,773 billion in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 10.36 per cent in the same year, a rise of 9.6 per cent over the median rate; the average balance of interest-bearing assets was $6,51,061 million, an increase of 12.3 per cent in the same year, an increase of 10.17 per cent.
In terms of asset quality — the non-performing loan rate was 1.19 per cent, a decrease of 4 percentage points from the semi-annual report of 2019; and provision coverage, a decrease of 0.47 per cent in the central settlement of Hong Kong, China, among the top 10 shareholders in the previous two quarters, a decrease of 0.31 percentage points, a slight decrease in the volume of cash available and remittances.
If we sum up this three-quarterly report with a simple sentence: assets continue to grow in size and there is a slight decline in profitability, and today, before we update the modelling report, we have to think about a few questions: 1) What are the factors worth analysing after the release of its three-quarterly report? From the perspective of financial modelling, the factors of these changes will be:
How do we influence the financial modelling? (2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarters report in 2019 and the previous estimates?
Today, we're using banks to study the modelling logic of valuations in the field. For the financial-related industry, we've been modelling Hong Kong Trade Centers, Hengsheng Electronics, and we've been doing business analysis of China's Peace and Friendship Insurance, and we've been able to buy a professional version of the team's valuation report, and we've been able to obtain some of the previous focused company valuation modelling reports, details of Excel money.
What is the key point? Since the tri-quarters do not have disaggregated data disclosure, we mainly translate the three-quarters data into annual numbers.
According to the comparison with the previous forecast data, if significant changes are made, the readjustment assumptions are shown in purple fonts; if no, the assumptions remain unchanged and the updated blue fonts are presented in the medium version.The adjustments to the valuation model tables are as follows:
1) End-of-liability component - mainly adjusted for customer deposits, inter-service liabilities, and bonds payable. This is as follows:
In 2019, the deleveraging business was largely in place, and the policy was changed from “deleveraging” to “stabilizing” and will be maintained in the future; bonds payable: the size of the bonds payable in 2019 grew by 57.48 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up from the original forecast of 2 per cent, mainly with a significant increase in the number of certificates of association issued.
A statement of association is included in the inter-operability fund.” The original assumption was therefore modified to readjust the end-of-liabilities structure to include the split of the inter-operability statements in the bonds payable under the inter-operability liability heading, with the assumption that the ratio of debt payable to interest-bearing obligations would remain unchanged.
2) The end-of-asset component — mainly with regard to deposit reserves and individual loans — is adjusted as follows:
The rate of increase in 2019 was adjusted to a three-quarter rate of 18.7 per cent, which was then gradually reduced to the previous period, taking into account the relatively high capacity of micro-credit, retail lending and direct disposable income to the bidder.
3) Part of the profit statement – mainly with regard to net interest differentials, non-performing loan rates, and provision coverage. Specifically, for example, new analysis, marketization of interest rates does not necessarily lead to a decline in net interest differentials in the banking sector, or even to a loss, which, in the context of central bank regulation, is currently considered to be very robust.
Under the optimistic scenario — which benefited from the marketization of interest rates and increased the protection of the city's retail business, the net difference gradually rose from 2.55 per cent to a historical high of 2.82 per cent. (The original assumption was that 2.55 per cent of 2018 would remain unchanged.) Under the conservative scenario, the marketization of interest rates had no impact on the profitability of the case, but because of higher inflation rates, the net difference was higher.
It is possible to maintain its average level of 2.54 per cent over the last five years. (For the original assumption, net interest differentials for the next 10 years have been reduced to its history every year.) Here, since the provision coverage is calculated on the basis of the formula: provision coverage = loan allocation/bad loan rate, it is not a direct projection, and the detailed calculation process is described in the main part of the report.
5) Equity Costre - The previous model, under optimistic assumptions, used the capm model to calculate its equity cost of 7.32%; Conservative assumptions, calculated equity cost of 10.95% using the national risk premium model.
As a result, the original assumption remains unchanged, and with the updated modelling report and the adjusted Excel table, you can compare the updated department with the previous data and feel it in depth -- based on the new three-quarterly report, the basics are here.
What minor changes have occurred? How will these subtle change factors affect intrinsic value?
The proportion fell by 0.31%. Of the top 10 shareholders, Hong Kong Clearing House in China increased by 0.46%, while the share of the rest remained unchanged.
How does the business perform? In the three-year issue of the three-quarters report, 2016-2019, business income, such as loans, joint lending, bond investment, etc. Interest-producing operations are asset-driven, and the income size of that part of the business depends on the expansion of the balance sheet.
2) Net fee income - also referred to as intermediary business income - represents business that does not profit from the expansion of the bank's balance sheet, which reflects more of the value of the bank's licence plate and business capability, such as credit card fees, proceeds from the sale of property, commissions to pay money orders, etc., although this type of business also requires capital investment in the prior period.
On the industrial chain, it is a central bank at the end of the money supply chain, with m1,m1, channelled through the currency channel, entering the banking system through currency multipliers, and regulated at the same time. The regulatory level regulates commercial banking through monetary regulation and deposit reserves, so it has the right to speak out.
Downstream, individuals and enterprises with loan needs, and the main source of financing for domestic loans are commercial banks, whose role is to finance downstream industries. Because of the scarcity of bank plates, we have a relatively limited downstream voice, which solves both problems, and we then model them.
To generate income, so we can't use the traditional income projection model in financial projections -- so, where exactly should model start? How the bank's day-to-day operations are configured. So, we don't model the value of our recruitment from the profit scale.
First, look at the balance sheet. The bank’s statement of liabilities, which is largely recast as interest-bearing, non-interest-bearing, and non-interest-bearing.
Non-interest-bearing liabilities: these four types of liabilities, mainly financial instruments such as derivative financial liabilities of banks and interest payable, have been consolidated as they are all items that do not generate interest expenditures.
Interest-bearing assets: interest-bearing assets: interest-producing income for banks, core assets of banks, consolidated into four broad categories, including customer loans, peer loans, investment-type assets, deposit reserves; non-interest-bearing assets: some of the assets that have profited in a manner other than lending, including derivative financial assets, interest receivable
Interest, long-term equity investments, etc. Operating assets: assets of this type are mainly “non-interest-bearing assets”, i.e. assets that do not generate interest income, and represent a relatively small proportion of total assets, including goodwill, intangible assets, and houses, equipment, etc. for the daily operation of banks.
The details are as follows: Combine the business logic of the call, so that banks are a “liabilities-driven asset” business model. When banks actually do business, they expand the liability and allocate high-yield assets to earn the spread income -- then build from the liability first.
So, how much money can banks pull, and the core driving force is up.
Answer: m2 (extended currency). m2 represents cash and major deposit balances and is the dominant form of currency presence, which can be read almost as money supply
In the currency market, the central bank first invests the base money in the bank, then the bank puts the base money in the resident's bank account, which forms the deposit, which is our currency (counted at m2).
The next question is, then, how does the growth rate for the future of m2 be assumed? The new currency will need to be delivered to meet the two-fold liquidity needs: 1) to meet the economic growth needs, i.e. the real increase in gdp
Speed; 2) the demand for higher prices, i.e. cpi, 3) does not include an increase in house prices in cpi. The guidelines in the previous report of the government in 2019, such as the approximation of the two, are also “wider currency m2 to match the nominal gdp acceleration.” Here, the formula is the same: m2 = gdp + cpi velocity.
Of these, gdp predicts that we use consistent market expectations, so the main variables observed are cpi. The difference between us and mainstream macro studies in cpi’s study is the debt perspective. Citing Dario’s study in the Debt Crisis, the debt problem can be divided into inflation and deflation.
When we prejudge the cpi trend, we add the weight of debt, i.e. when an economy is facing an inflationary or deflationary debt crisis, the more volatile trend in cpi often leads to a mismatch between the traditional m2 formula. Inflation is often found in countries where most debt is financed domestically, denominated in local currency.
The problem often arises in countries dependent on foreign capital flows, which have accumulated large amounts of foreign-currency-denominated debt. The cases of deflation, which took place in mid-2009, as well as in the case of usa, showed a more pronounced deflation, which led to an observation of the m2 acceleration at that time, which revealed a departure from the formula.
Intrams increase in February at a rate of 29.74 per cent, gdp at a rate of 10.6 per cent and cpi at a rate of 0.6 per cent, but this does not mean that the formula does not apply, but represents only a hedge between policy and economic activity, and in exceptional cases, according to Dario's explanation in the Debt Crisis: “The meaning of printing money is to offset the reduction in credit, which causes deflationary forces to be reduced
In the third quarter of 2019, cpi went from 2.7% – road to 4.5% – and gdp dropped slightly from 6.2% to 6%. Now, for the banking industry, the big variable is high inflation.
We look at the macro and micro levels. At the macro level, the magnitude of the bank’s liabilities is higher than the m2.
Previously, we assumed that m2 = nominal gdp +cpi. According to the economic data for the third quarter of 2019, m2 was 8.4 per cent, cpi 4.5 per cent, gdp 6 per cent. However, it is clear that the current high cpi does not allow m2 to increase in order to boost the m2 velocity, and we deactivate m2 from another angle through the dimensions of the financial institutions' use of funds.
By observing the credit balance sheet of deposit-type financial institutions, m2 can be expressed roughly by the following formula: m2 = foreign exchange share + bank-owned bonds + real entity loans + net fiscal expenditure + other (non-target, extra-fund) variables can be divided into two categories, one of which is the main driving force for foreign exchange holdings, loans and bond investments.
These three figures can be disclosed directly from the People's Bank, the credit balance sheet of deposit-type financial institutions, which we can find in contrast to m2. The sum of three items, which is a basic approximation of m2, varies between 98 and 108 per cent, shows that the weight of the loan is greater, but the speed of the increase is less volatile, and the bond investment is a drawback in the use of the money, so,
Short-term volatility, mainly based on foreign exchange earnings. Second, non-target lending and external finance. These drivers are not directly disclosed.
The use of non-specific loans can be understood as lending between financial institutions. When calculated, we can see that the watershed occurred in March 2018. At this point, the event was the introduction of a new regulation governing capital.
1) Foreign exchange share; 2) recovery of non-target loans. Data on non-target loans are currently more difficult to obtain, but according to new regulatory trends, there is not much chance of relaxing here. On 4 January 2020, the Superintendence of Silver Insurance issued Guidance on Promoting Quality Development in Banking and Insurance
See, for example, “strict regulation of shadow banking and real estate operations.” Thus, the only possible positive contribution to the size of the liability end is foreign exchange, and the gradual opening of the country to the financial sector led to an upward trend in inflows of foreign capital, which is still the indicator.
To summarize the above analysis, why, from the point of view of the use of funds, since foreign exchange accounts and non-valued loans continue to grow at a negative rate, m2 returns to the case, and we will be hiring clients to raise their deposits at a faster rate of m2 growth, then why, since the third quarter of 2019,
Its absorption rate was 11.47%, well above the real rate of 8.4% for m2. In the third quarter of 2019, current deposits fell by 9% in this case and the proportion of term deposits rose.
After the new regulations on capital management were implemented in 2018, commercial banks banned the issuance of factored property and broke rigid payments. Since structured deposits can be used as an internal financial alternative, banks have released large amounts of structured deposits to ease the pressure on insulation.
In July 2019, structural deposits in the entire banking system grew at a rate of 50%, exceeding the size of the original insurance fund by 10 trillion yuan. The timing of the increase was consistent with the sharp rise in the deposits of clients recruited.
The original assumption remains unchanged (the original assumption is that the rate of increase in deposits and the rate of increase in m2 will be maintained at 9 per cent at the nominal gdp level).
In the period 2010-2016, in the context of monetary easing, business operations began to break down.
Since 2017, when financial regulation and deleveraging took place, joint operations have been one of the main targets. Figure: Size of banking assets (in billions of yuan)
Inter-operability is strictly regulated by financial deleveraging, which is linked to the fundamental logic of inter-operability: 1) The reason for the existence of inter-operability is “short-term funds transfers.” However, in light of loose regulation, banks tend to use such short-term liabilities for long-term asset investments, i.e. asset mismatches, to earn interest differentials.
Embedding increases market risk. 2) The essence of business as a business is to support the real economy. But banks leverage their corporate liabilities and then invest in co-financing, but not into the real economy, leading to a “capital flight.”
For a number of reasons, the regulatory level has begun to exercise strict control over banks' business practices. As a result of the regulatory influence, the size of the joint liability in the last three years has begun to grow at a negative rate of -10%, -13%, -8%, respectively, and this is also the reason for the “cash flow” problem mentioned earlier: the decline in the joint liability has been greater than that of the joint venture.
The increase in production has led to negative cash flows for business activities. So, the scale of future corporate liabilities is projected to increase, mainly from: 1) supply and demand; 2) regulatory aspects: supply and demand, which we can verify by taking into account three months of changes in the shipbor.
The higher the interest rate, the smaller the asset, the lower the interest rate, and the tighter the regulatory arbitrage since 2016, which has led to a tight financial situation for the banker, the higher the overall level of the shipbor, which has put a direct strain on the banker's liability. After 2018, “shibor began to fall.”
At the pre-2016 level, it can be seen that the deleveraging of inter-employee liabilities has reached a relatively low position. Degrees, keeping liquidity reasonably adequate.” So, future liquidity will be relaxed, and corporate liabilities will not shrink too much after mid-year banking events, and there will be a credit split between large banks and small- and medium-sized banks.
Good, high repayment capacity, low interest rate on joint certificates; small and medium-sized urban comptoirs, weak financial capacity, risk premium on joint bank interest rates.As shown in the above figure, since the third quarter of 2019, business banks and callers have increased their joint inventory owing to low interest rate on the bill.
The other two liabilities of the liabilities are still accounted for by small and medium-sized urban comptoirs, such as Hangzhou Bank, Linan Bank Interbank, which, due to their smaller share, are simply forecast: 1) Payable bonds — the liabilities are mainly for all types of bonds issued, because the cost of issuing bonds is higher than the cost of absorbing deposits,
In this case, we assume that the share of debt payable to interest-bearing liabilities is fixed at a fixed value of 2% of the three-year historical average. In the paper, the joint deposit statements are included in the inter-employee integration fund and included in the mpa test, and the total amount of integration cannot exceed the bank liability.
One-third of the debt is accounted for in the same way.” It makes even more sense to include a statement of partnership in the group of corporate liabilities. So, we move the split of the joint account in the bonds payable into the group of corporate liabilities, with the assumption that debt payable as a proportion of interest-bearing debt remains unchanged. 2) Borrowing from central banks — a debt that is mainly due to bank borrowing from central banks when interest-bearing liabilities are insufficient, as a result of interest-bearing charges.
So, the financial model solves the problem of where the money comes from, and then how the money comes from? The principle of the bank's asset allocation is that the first consideration is liquidity, and the second is the high return on the investment of the money.
So, first of all, a statutory deposit reserve is set up for depositiers to pay and cash to be paid for day-to-day operations. Deposit reserve — four downward adjustments to the deposit reserve have been made since 2018 to cushion the downward pressure of the economy. The deposit reserve rate was 11% in May 2019.
Reserve rates are an important monetary-policy tool for our central bank, mainly for matching foreign-exchange contributions. In 2018, the central bank’s assets accounted for a larger share of foreign exchange, 57.06% of the total, and the debt, 57.6% of the total, accounted for a larger share of reserves.
Thus, when foreign exchange increases, central banks naturally need higher reserve rates to limit banks’ ends and prevent liquidity. But note that when foreign exchange increases are below zero in the long run, central banks will also have greater space to operate on reserve rates.
Attention is drawn to the importance of determining the main instruments of monetary policy, and investment in the banking sector, which we will focus on here. From now on, it will be clear that the bank’s statements will be fed back into the bank’s financial statements, reducing the bank’s asset size and profitability.
By size, for example, the reserve for the Central Bank is 48,424.8 million yuan, and, after a 0.5 percentage point reduction in 2020, $18,625 million is directly available to the end of the asset. Given the multiplier effect of the bank, the acceleration of the end of the asset is more certain.
Since we cannot quantify the multiplier effect, we are able to cash at the speed of the asset-debt increase that has been recruited, and when the drop occurs, the asset will grow at a significantly faster rate than the debt increase. And if the reserve is held in the central bank, the central bank will pay 1.62% of the interest rate on the statutory reserve for deposit agencies.
After that, even if the campaign were to be used for a 10-year national debt, the rate of return would be 3.2 per cent, and the spread would be around 1.5 per cent. Given that the reserve rate assumption is different from that of the economies at different stages, the reference to the reserve rate for the target developed countries is not significant. Here we assume that the statutory deposit reserve would fall by 0.5 per cent per year.
The cash required for day-to-day operations - the cash required for day-to-day operations is used mainly to meet the needs of clients to draw deposits. The model thus meets the financial needs of liquidity and operations, and the funds that follow go up and down according to the rate of return.
What are the assets allocated to them? How high is the return on the different assets? My bank’s income-generating assets, mainly interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing assets. Interest-producing assets generate interest income for the bank, which is the bank’s core asset, accounting for 97 per cent of total assets.
Interest-bearing assets are divided into four main categories, and in addition to deposit reserves with very low rates of return, there are three broad categories: 1) customer loans — assets of vital importance to banks, consisting mainly of current and fixed-term loans issued by companies and individuals, with a relatively high average rate of return of about 5.13 per cent.
2) Investment-type assets - mainly various types of bond assets, with an average return of slightly less than the loan of 3.77 per cent. 3) Inter-operability deposits - assets held in other banks or non-banking financial institutions, and the basic market for interest rates on loan of peer funds, with a market price of Shipor, 2.6 per cent on 31 July 2019 overnight.
A comparison of the different assets in III shows that the loan returns are high. So most of the most important assets of the banks are, for example, the customer loan, and the recruitment process. The client loan accounts for 56% of the total asset. First of all, how we allocate the loan - the client loan consists mainly of a loan to the individual and a loan to the enterprise.
According to the previous study on Merchant Banks, it is clear that the mooring river is retail (i.e., personal loans). According to the previous study on Merchant Banks in our professional version of the report, the advantages of its retail business are three main points: 1) retail business has a higher interest margin than public business:
(ii) The risk of retailing is spread and the rate of non-performing loans is much lower than that of public loans: 3) the high stickyness of individual loan clients can lead to more intermediate business income; and, in the light of historical growth trends, since 2014 there has been a marked expansion of retail lending, which has grown at a rate of 26.4 per cent in 2017.
Retail operations account for 50.08%, industry-wide leaders, more than 39% of business banks, and build banks. In modelling, we divide loans into individuals and businesses, so the next question is: how do we predict?
On the basis of the 2019 credit structure, it can be seen that: (1) the share of enterprise loans is high, at 63% of the total. The main ones are medium- and long-term loans, at 38%, and short-term loans, at 25%; (2) personal loans, at a lower level, at 35%.
Mainly, 75 per cent of long-term loans; individual short-term loans are mainly consumer loans, such as credit card instalments, etc.[2] Figure 4: Composition of renminbi loans (end of January 2019)
Medium- and long-term loans are mainly used for construction in progress and investment in fixed assets. Thus, the pace of growth in medium- and long-term loans is linked to the pace of spending on the capital of the enterprise, which is mainly financed from capital investment, real estate investment, manufacturing investment, etc.
Since the principal means of real economic financing is through indirect credit-based financing, which constitutes the transmission logic of “credit expansion, business leverage — leveraging capital expenditures.” After 2009, the share of the total debt of our non-financial enterprises in the gdp began to rise in a monetary easing environment.
The leverage rate rose from 95% in 2008 to 158% in 2016. That is, after 2009, debt grew at a higher rate than debt, so when the entity deleveraging measures set the target at the total size of the debt, the bank’s corporate lending would be discouraged and, in the medium to long term, the growth rate of corporate lending would return to the gdp – and the growth rate of corporate lending would then be studied.
What will be the future of individual loans? According to the population leverage figures for Bis, by the end of 2018, our population was 52.6 per cent in absolute terms, down from 75 per cent in the United States and 58 per cent in Japan.
In the second quarter of 2018, the population of the advanced economies leveraged 72.4% of the total. In contrast to the trend of corporate leverage, the population sector continues to grow.
According to the criteria set out in the Financial Stability Report 2018, “the share of household sector debt in the gdp is less than 65% of the standard line of financial stability. At present, the leverage ratio of the country’s population is around 50%.
One question to consider is that, according to its 2018 annual report, its retail clients' assets have declined significantly, from 24.3 per cent, while, during the same period, the steady bank retail business grew by 35.9 per cent, the business bank grew by 14 per cent, the boom bank grew by 28.1 per cent and the construction bank grew by 12.5 per cent -- the key question is why the private loans that were called for have increased rapidly.
We split its retail lending structure carefully, and we can see that it is mainly housing loans that are growing at a low rate of 11%. At the same time, credit card loans have been growing at a relatively high rate of 17%, with small microloans increasing from 10.3% to 12%.
Cards, micro-credits, and small loans are about consumer markets. With regard to mortgages, we analyse them in the light of the report of 7-30 July 2019, which emphasizes that the future will be guided by “sustaining that the house is used for living, not for scalding” and “deep-in demand promotion fees.”
Moreover, in the context of our modelling of Vanko, the estate cycle assumes that the property cycle is in the second half of the cycle, and that there is little room for residential leverage on mortgages. As a result, the structure of retail loans is likely to be adjusted, and the share of housing loans will gradually shift to consumer loans.
So it's not, as you worry about, “can't do it anymore,” it's real estate boom, which leads to a housing boom, and the bank's business model has to change. If you keep following our reports, you'll find that the same logic is followed, from real estate providers (Hanko) to cooking power (the owner).
In the first three quarters of 2019, loans were raised by 12.83 per cent, slightly higher than the reported 11.35 per cent. Corporate lending continued to decline, while retail lending continued to rise.
Loans, individual housing loans, and credit card loans are growing at a higher rate, indicating a gradual increase in their advantages in retail operations. According to relevant surveys, small and medium-sized businesses are introduced two to three years earlier than banks in the Quad countries, so that small and medium-sized enterprises are relatively well placed to receive customers.
Based on the above information, we have only adjusted the retail growth rate accordingly: (2) individual loans - in view of the restructuring of mortgages and credit card loans, we have simplified projections that since the income level of the population directly determines the consumption expenditure of the population, it is expected that the growth of individual loans in the future will be phased out from the current 11%.
Well, here's the model, and the loan asset allocation is done, so let's see what's left of the asset, and the bank's money, which is used mainly for lending interest, but which limits the bank's total lending to 75% of the amount of the credit received (the 2015 loan ratio is cancelled, but it is still an important indicator).
Given the limits of the credit ratio, and the reason for keeping a percentage of fast-disposal assets, we will then model two types of assets for recruitment, in addition to loans.
1) Inter-operative assets - which include items such as co-operators' deposits, re-purchases of financial assets and accounts receivable, since the assets of one bank must be a co-operator's liability for another, and vice versa. From the requisitioned balance sheet, the co-operator's assets are basically the same as the co-operator's liabilities.
So, on the basis of the preceding analysis, the Mergers and Mergers assume that the future size of their asset allocation will continue to expand in proportion to their liabilities. So, assuming that they will remain at 100% of their liabilities for the next decade.
The ratio of total bank assets remains unchanged, with the following simplified projections: Non-interest-bearing assets - a five-year average of 0.71 per cent of total assets. Non-interest-bearing assets accounted for the total in the third quarter of 2019.
The ratio of production to production is 0.5 per cent, mainly due to the fact that non-interest-bearing assets are growing at a slower rate than the overall asset, and we maintain the original assumption because of the modest changes, which is 1.75 per cent, with no significant variance from the original assumption, which is maintained here.
The balance sheet, above, is basically projected to be completed, leaving one asset, the bond investment. Here, we assume that all the bank's money from shareholders' investments, as well as all the money borrowed from the liability, is invested in the bond, so that the “bond investment” is used as the “matching” of the balance sheet.
The revised forecast for the end of the asset is as follows: Where did it all go? How much of this spending will affect profits? Revenue from recruitment is divided into net interest income and non-interest income.
Scores: Net interest income (64.52 per cent), fees and commissions income (26.75 per cent).1 Net interest income - two main factors of volume and price can be broken down: interest income = interest-bearing assets*, 2); fees and commissions income - no volume split, forecast using an incremental method.
The “volume” component, the size of interest-bearing assets, has been projected above, and then we focus on net interest differentials, which measure the bank’s ability to obtain interest income through interest-bearing assets, with data equivalent to “asset receipts.”
For the specific reason that this is not detailed here, please see the pro-optimal version of the report. This valuation is modeled, and we focus on predicting future commercial banks.
According to a previous report on the case in Merger and Purchase, we concluded that the interest-cycle net difference had risen, and the interest-rate-reducing gap had narrowed. In January 2019, the central bank, through a medium-term lending facility (mlf) targeted five basis points, began to decline slightly in the first quarter of 2019, from 2.72 per cent in one quarter to three.
So, predicting long-term net interest differentials, theoretically, requires prejudging the interest-rate reduction cycle. But predicting a 10-year interest-raising and reduction cycle is as difficult as predicting the pattern of object operations, and interest rate fluctuations are more difficult to judge accurately, so if predicting in this way, it is inevitable that there will be an “accurate error”.
So, for interest rate dimensions, we use it as a short-term high-frequency tracking perspective, and for long-term projections, we have to start with more definite trends – then, what is the big trend of certainty for the current banking sector?
At present, our interest rate market is nominally marketed for most of the indicators, with only a small one-year period. Foreign-currency deposit rates are not open, but the significance of interest rate marketization is that interest rates reflect risks and gains, that interest rates are poorly transmitted and that there is still a long way to go from real interest rates to market.
And interest rates are marketed, and the new reform is now moving towards a “two-track and one-track” transfer of currency market interest rates to the credit market through the reform of loan rate pricing (lpr). From the figure below, in 2018, the base interest rate on loans was completely off track with the base interest rate on the currency market.
The country has been downgraded four times, from 4.7% at the beginning of the year to 3% at the end of the year, and the financial institutioners are the reason why, in the context of the downswing, interest rates on loans deposited in 2018 rose. In particular, this also reveals the bank’s dilemma – although interest rates are reduced, because of economic growth.
Slip, banks are still reluctant to lend to SMEs at low interest rates, which makes it difficult to break the imbalance in business financing. Thus, while the cost of bank absorbing deposits has declined in the context of interest-reductions, the cost of lending has risen because of “prior lending.”
At present, Ipr’s push has outpaced expectations, and, according to the Central Bank’s announcement, by 1 March 2020, the pricing benchmark for stock floating rate loans could also be converted into Ipr. With the credit-pricing benchmark moving anchor, the impact is different for public and retail loans.
The interest rate fell by a small 5bp, and for retail loans, because they are mainly mortgages, they are currently not affected. As a result, the recruitment is dominated by retail loans, so is the impact.
1) At the end of the liability, higher deposit interest rates lead to higher cost of bank liabilities; at the end of the asset, with higher cost of the end of the bank liability, some banks may have to try to raise interest rates (for higher risk groups), which may lead to a negative rate
As a result of the increased pressure on commercial banks to innovate their operations and push commercial banks to transform into doing so, given the speed and size of the establishment and management of the financial subsidiary in 2019, it is equally possible to confirm our earlier judgement that up to the present date, the financial institutions have not been able to do so.
On December 31, 2019, five companies that have been approved, big and hired, have started operating. While the current situation is consistent with our conclusions, we still have a huge doubt: is interest-rate marketization really going to lead to a decline in banks’ profitability?
On the one hand, the marketization of interest rates has been a slow process, with the United States going on for 15 years, and, theoretically, banks, on the other hand, as a source of stability in the national financial system, have focused policy attention, such as in the current environment, where Ipr’s push is bound to be accompanied by policy regulation.
So, the reason for the huge losses in the US banking sector in the year was simply because of interest-rate market-based reforms themselves. The US interest-rate-marketing started in the mid-1970s as a long, gradual process, lasting for more than 10 years, moving forward in order, long-term capital first, short-term capital after reform, and Japan and the Republic of Korea follow the same pattern.
In 1973, the Federal Reserve lifted all large deposit orders and fixed-term interest rates of more than $10 million for more than five years, leading to higher interest rates on deposits. Even 16 months later, interest rates on loan deposits were reversed.
The interest rate on the deposit exceeded the interest rate on the loan. By 1981, two measures to market the interest rate on the deposit had been enacted, again bringing the interest rate on the deposit closer to the interest rate on the loan, and the loan interest rate curve had been overlapping, with the spread close to zero.[3]
From the available data, changes in the roe and roa of US commercial banks were highly volatile until late in the interest rate market, until 1993 when they gradually stabilized. Buffett bought into the rich country’s banks at the October 1990 point, when the US banking sector recovered initially from interest rate marketization.
Figure 15 Changes in different types of bank roa (%) in terms of bank interest differentials: - Loan interest rates, determined by private sector investment returns, but also in view of the possibility of bad debt
Cost end - deposit interest rates, influenced by monetary policy and inflation, and when residents find that deposit rates are significantly lower than inflation, well, when inflation is found to be high, they also choose to raise interest rates and raise the cost of bank access to funds.
(1) Low returns on private investment and no loans; 2) large-scale bad loans; 3) high inflation and high bank cost pressures.
First, at the cost end, between 1970 and 1990, when the United States was experiencing high inflation, its core inflation rose repeatedly to more than 10 per cent, and federal fund interest rates also jumped to more than 15 per cent to contain inflation. Between 1982 and 1985, core inflation began to decline, from 9 per cent to 3 per cent, but federal fund interest rates remained constant.
The average return on private-sector investment can be taken as a reference (risk-free investment revenue) for 10 years.
The cost of investment in the private sector, as we can see from the two-year rate of return on public debt, can be seen as the very low cost of long-term borrowing by the private sector (very low is not lower than the government). If the return on investment is lower than the cost of a loan, that is, 10 years and 2 years, the rate of return on public debt drops, it means that the loan will have to be financed.
Investments are likely to run out of money, and previous lenders are likely to have no interest. We can see that between 1975 and 1990, the 10-year rate of return on public debt and the rate of return on public debt for two-year periods have been reversed many times, which means that both scenarios 1 and 2 are likely to happen.
When we look at this, we can make it clear that the reason for the losses in the US banking sector was not, in essence, interest rate marketization, but, in the wake of high inflation, all three extremes occur. So, theoretically, the banking sector does not necessarily have to be large during the period of marketization of interest rates, as long as there is no malign inflation.
Losses, and now, in the light of the current pace of central bank regulation, central banks operate very well. So we do not have to make any deliberate adjustments to our assumptions about lpr.
1) On the optimistic assumption that recruitment retail operations are strong and less affected by interest rate marketization, with the net difference remaining unchanged at 2.55 per cent in 2018; that interest rate marketization will not affect the net interest differential of the recruiter bank, and that future retail sales will increase in the moat, with the net difference gradually rising from 2.55 per cent to an historical high of 2.82 per cent
Inflation affects the need for banks to have higher interest rates for “high interest” deposits, leading to an increase in the cost of the liabilities in the present case, with a net interest difference of almost 2.54 per cent at the five-year average, which is then multiplied by the average interest-bearing asset and net interest income, adjusted as follows:
When we look at this, we conclude that there are two things that banking investment needs to control: (1) the macro-environment; and (2) the goods first, and we can use the Merrillian clock to divide the macro-environment into four different types by growth and inflation, and to see the performance of different banks in each of the four environments. Given the relative certainty of the current downward trend, therefore,
In the context of higher inflation, interest rates tend to be higher, so banks compete for lending capacity at this time. At the same time, banks with low stock capacity will experience a marked drop in interest differentials, even wind, as bank-cost pressures increase.
In an inflationary downside environment, interest rates are relatively low, at a time when they are more cost-controllable than they are. Big banks have a more sudden storage capacity, while they can get more cheap liquidity from central banks.
The second thing is that, in the same macro-environment, countercyclical hedges of monetary policy tend to exacerbate bank divisions. Thus, it is very important to identify the main instruments of monetary policy and attitudes.
Without austerity, banks with a strong lending capacity in the banking sector will benefit significantly at a time when higher interest rates will be added. Second, if central banks are more likely to ease in a low-inflation environment, but at a time when demand for loans is weak, the silver industry will benefit relatively from a larger, low-performing business than it is capable of controlling costs.
And with these two things in mind, we did a rough return test based on this framework, and we chose only two representatives, the banks were integrated into the portfolio, the situation was determined, 100% held one of them, and as a result, we were able to verify that our interest income studies were completed, and it was important to note that banks were also engaged in non-interest-free business and that they had to study — non-interest business, and that's the same thing.
In general, the more profitable the banks are, the more profitable they are, the more their customers are.
The stronger the economy, the less affected by economic cycles and the marketization of interest rates. That is why Buffett chose the rich country, Silver.
Commission revenue amounted to 36.03 per cent and recruitment amounted to 26.75 per cent.According to historical data, the rate of growth in intermediate business income from recruitment has declined markedly from 2015 to 2018, which is now low, with an annual increase of only 3.85 per cent, mainly due to new regulations governing the management of capital and the impact of third-party payments.
So, can the future growth of intermediate operations be repaired? How can the future increase be predicted, depending on two main aspects: (a) the recruitment of financial subsidiaries, the profit-making effect of monetary borrowing on revenue generation; and (b) the recruitment of active monthly users (mau) to look first at the question of “new rules of governance”:
With the implementation of the new regulations on financial management, there has been a significant shock to banking operations and a marked decline in the revenue from the over-the-counter business. In December 2018, the Superintendence of Silver Insurance issued the Management Scheme for Commercial Banks ' Financial Companies, which encourages commercial banks to operate in the form of financial subsidiaries.
In April 2019, a fully-funded subsidiary was approved for monetary purposes, mainly in financial and other management operations. In the light of current regulatory trends, bank management is increasingly being relaxed.
Since the first recruitment in 2018, and the first time that a partner has used mau (active monthly users) as an important test, the Internet industry's measurement indicator has become increasingly apparent in the banking sector. This also marks the failure of banks to apply the same indicator to third-party payment platforms.
If the size of the intermediate business income represents the size of a bank’s realizable customer, then the bank’s app mau covers both the number of customers and the activity of the customer. At present, the number of active monthly users (mau) recruited is 81 million, a 47% increase compared to the business bank.
83 million. So we can reasonably predict that, despite the impact of third-party payments, new regulations on capital management and so on, there is a 5.01% increase in the number of households, monthly active users (mau) compared to the year-end 2018, which compares with a 47% increase in the year-end 2018. The total number of retail customers enrolled is about 130 million, and Mau is growing at a rate of about 300 million.
Slip, indicating that inventory customer excavations have been largely completed, and that the incremental customer excavations are increasing at a slower rate. In this case, the three-quarterly report of 2019, which does not disclose the number and speed of active monthly users, is not updated.
In this scenario, there is optimism that, in almost three ways, the quarterly report is reversed. Through the historical relationship between the quarterly and the annual report, the income increase of 2019 is reversed.
From the historical fluctuations, the three-quarterly report income is stable at the annual rate of 75-78 per cent for the last three years, so the model income assumption is finally complete, and the major question we have to solve is: where is the money burned?
Non-performing loans, which are a very different element of the banking sector and other industries, are “losses and losses” that banks cannot avoid, so it is necessary to account for “losses on assets”. The interest rate of non-performing loans, the coverage of the provision, the interest rate of the loan, the interest rate of the loan impairment as a percentage of net profits is high.
The lending ratio of the three indicators associated with the provision is the core risk monitoring data for commercial banks. Of course, if it is not used properly, it will also be the way to regulate performance. Formula one: the non-performing loan rate = the non-performing loan balance/total customer loan;
Formula II: Provision coverage = loan impairment readiness/performing loan balance; Formula III: loan allocation ratio = loan impairment readiness/client loan balance; as required by regulatory requirements: 1) bank provision coverage must not be less than 150%, 2) the loan allocation ratio should not be less than 2.5%.
So, 1.67% is considered a warning line for the non-performing lending rate. Next, through the three major regulatory ratios, we predict the trend of the impairment loss.
1) The rate of non-performing loans first looks at the rate of non-performing loans — horizontal contrasts — the rate of non-performing loans is low and the rate of non-performing banks is high. Vertically, although the rate of non-performing loans has declined over the last two years, from 1.87 per cent at the high point in 2016 to 1.36 per cent in 2018, the change in the situation of Jeeon has been reversed since 2016, and the rate of under-employment has fallen as a result of the stock of non-performing loans.
As a result, we predict that, against a backdrop of tight financial regulation, the rate of non-performing loans will continue to decline. So, here, the M&A is a reasonable assumption – from a high of 1.36% in 2018 – to an average of 10 years.
2) See also the provision coverage - the provision coverage corresponds to the “bad account rate”, which varies from enterprise to enterprise, as does banks, for different types of bad debt.
358%, well above the average of 187% in the same industry, may also indicate that the operation in this case is more robust. However, it should be noted that the provision cover can also be used as a profit-adjusted reservoir.
For the lending ratio (depreciation/loan), the lending ratio needs to be more than 2.5 per cent; when the non-performing loan rate rises, the provision coverage is reduced; when the non-performing loan rate drops, the provision coverage is increased. This allows for the maintenance of a percentage of the total assets charged annually for bad debt losses.
Thus, Merger Merger predicts the loan allocation ratio and, according to the formula: the provision coverage = the loan allocation/bad loan rate, in contrast, two indicators suggest that the quality of its assets continues to be optimized, mainly by attracting a higher proportion of manufacturing loans with persistent pressure on non-performing loans and, through the provisioning coverage, by adopting a more prudent approach to the credit withdrawal method.
However, there is some concern in this sector — the rate of non-performing loans generated increased in the first half of the year. The formula is: Unperforming rates = (new non-performing loan balances in the current period + write-off of non-performing loans in the current period) / total loan balances at the end of the preceding period. The rate of non-performing loans generated rose from 1.01 per cent in 2018 to 1.20 per cent, indicating an increase in the marginal pressure on asset quality.
The three-quarterly report of 2019 did not disclose data on the rate of production of non-performing loans, which will require sustained attention in the future. Overall, the quality of its assets continued to improve, and we adjusted the original assumption that the non-performing loan rate in 2019 would be reduced to 1.19 per cent of its value in 2019, or 1.14 per cent of its ten-year average: the lending ratio would remain unchanged from the 2018 mark, and the formula coverage = the loan allocation ratio.
/ Non-performing loan rate, calculated at 41.0.8% coverage in 2019. Now, we've calculated the provision coverage and non-performing loan balance, which, according to formula II, makes it possible to calculate the annual loan loss. But, this is just a point of time at the end of the year, and what we need is a profit schedule to be used each year.
“Depreciation losses on current loans” are calculated. So here we refer to the “base” method for modelling fixed assets, which is projected in the following way:
So, the main burn-up project in the profit sheet is projected to be completed. Next, there's a huge amount of burning money left -- daily operating expenses, how do we assume it? According to the annual report, its administrative costs include, inter alia, depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets, employee salaries, research.
In 2018, the management fee was 77.11 billion yuan, or 31 per cent of the total income, compared to 31 per cent of the total, compared to 31 per cent of the total cost of the daily operation of banks, which was higher (31 per cent) and lower (23.91 per cent) for business and industry banks.
Retailing operations are relatively high, with downstream customers dispersed and demand diversified relative to public operations, resulting in higher maintenance costs for customers. Business and industry banks have more public operations and relatively lower maintenance costs, so management costs are lower.
Longitudinally, the rate of administrative fees for recruitment has started to rise by 3 percentage points in the last two years, as explained in the annual report, as a result of financial science, technology and innovation, which has increased the investment of infrastructure development and R & D personnel; in addition, the upgrading of software and hardware facilities for digital web sites; and on-line, around the strategic direction of the monthly active users (mau)
The risk of a short-term decline in the administrative costs of recruitment, both horizontally and horizontally, is low, and will even continue to rise. Moreover, banks’ management costs may not be higher than 35%, as required by regulatory requirements.
1) Management cost rate — The rate of management costs for the 2019-2028 recruitments rose to 35% annually. Management costs in the third quarter of 2019 amounted to $60.6 billion, or 29.18% of income, an increase of 1.59 percentage points compared to the median. The upward trend is consistent with our projections, so the assumption remains the same: the share of income in the first half of the year of the turnover tax is the ratio of income in the first half of the year.
At this point, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When the assumption is completed, the calculation is a water-to-drain process. All of the above is for financial modelling tables.
Okay, before we do the modelling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) With regard to the ceiling, the current market value of our banking sector is about 12.32 per cent of gdp, while that of the United States bank accounts for gdp.
With a weight of about 10.8 per cent, the overall market value of the banking sector is closer to the ceiling, and the long-term driving force depends mainly on the growth of gdp and the restructuring of the internal structure. (3) In the case of the mound, it is mainly in retail operations and lending capacity.
The mooring river in retail trade is still to be considered, and in the study that will follow, we will focus on the competitive pattern of lending compared to the mooring river in other banks.4 Banks plus retail business, Internet financial institutions such as ants, microbanks, etc.
Rapid growth increases the uncertainty about the pattern of competition, depending on the success of the transformation of its science and technology finance in the future. In retailing and individual lending, the development of Ali and the telecommunications system must be closely monitored.
For example, 1.11 per cent for business banks, 1.04 per cent for Ningbo banks and 0.93 per cent for booming banks. 6) In terms of risk, the continued decline in m2 resulted in higher pressure on banks ' liabilities and higher inflation, leading to further increases in the cost of liabilities.
When you look at this, several of the main variables in the valuation modeling are already clear. When it's done, it's actually the water-to-water process. All of this is for a table to measure the financial model.
And some of the key companies have detailed valuations and models, and please purchase a prototype and a professional version of the report, using Yangjiang Power, Haikangway as an example.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, the balanced balance sheet projection sample: In the next professional and technical version of the report, we will address the following points in this case along the lines described above.
Major problems. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood, forming a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not understood, there will still be a great disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones, and whether there are any points to think about?
What are the factors, and where are the factors? If you do a sensitivity analysis, what is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain -- how is it different from the choice of different methods in the modelling of the valuation in this case? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a valuation model?
After the previous surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, what is the value of this case, what is the area, whether it's expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there will be a conflict with the payee for the M & A report, so the M & A team will be required to make the report by the user, and part of it will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay the fee function. Pay a reasonable price for the good product is a way to make the world a better place — everyone will pay for it.
This case will be updated to the “core product one: a professional version of the valuation report” of the elite team.
If you are interested in the [value section] of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modeling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, many reports that were previously unpublicable, as well as significant risk points, will be included.
In addition, for fee-paying members, the M&A historical studies, and the associated report ratings, a number of functions not available to the public (including valuation modelling forms for priority companies) will be open to downloading.
The professional version of the valuation report library, which was purchased to obtain model tables and invoices, please add a staff member's micro-letter: ys_dsj, except for this case.
Valuable lands, security margins, these eight words, can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, and also the great minds of Barfit, Charlie Munger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt and others.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, take 10 years to study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, taste, taste. We won't be able to lose material strength.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which enriches our research, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want: daily mastery, copying, copying.) About content: we're responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, and the content point of view is for participation only.
It does not support any form of basis for decision-making, nor does it support any form of investment proposal. It is based on public company attributes, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are irrelevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee their integrity.
The market is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) On the subject: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered, please understand. 4) On the platform: All the content of the elite team is exported only from the micro-ICT platform, is not responsible for any other platform content, is not responsible for imitation.
We retain the power to pursue the law.