Merchant Bank (600036): Maintenance of high profitability and continued retail activity Incident: 20 March, Merchant Bank published its 2019th annual report (previously disclosed performance report).
At the end of 19 years, the total assets were $7.42 trillion, a bad rate, the share-holding commercial bank, and the system of state ownership.
The first pilot bank to promote banking reform. Closely aligned with the transformational goal of building “light banks” to achieve a 15.3% increase in net profits in 19 years on a year-on-year basis, with a higher rate of increase, largely benefiting from reduced provisions (19-year loans)
“Quality, benefits, scale” dynamic and balanced development, loss of operating value impairments as compared to 8.5 per cent, and decrease in income tax (by 7.7 per cent in 19 years).
The increase of 6.8 per cent for the same year was 6.4 percentage points lower than the 18-year increase in the level of entry, which benefited mainly from the in-depth process of diversification and consolidation, with a high rate of growth in size and a small increase in net interest differentials.
At the end of the 19th year, interest-bearing assets grew 10.1% compared to the beginning of the year, and four quarters saw a narrow four-quarter net interest spread ring of 16bp to 2.4%, mainly affected by the downside of the asset-end rate of return. Monetary policy is expected to sustain the economy and reduce the cost of real-economy financing in 2020, with industry asset returns expected to be positive.
The marketers’ retail business base is solid, and the asset-liability structure continues to be optimized, and it is hoped that the industry’s higher interest-rate differential levels will be maintained. The 19-year campaign will gradually raise the credit card access threshold, balance risk with scale growth, and the overall risk is manageable.
Retail operations have continued to flourish, with steady growth in the number of customers and performance contributions. By the end of 19 years, retail customers, sunflowers and above, and private sector clients had increased by 14.82 per cent, 12.07 per cent, 11.98 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year; zero sales clients had a high base and maintained a high rate of growth. 2019 retail operations accounted for pre-tax revenue and profit contributions.
This compares to 53.66 per cent and 56.70 per cent, an increase of 0.97 pct in 2018, a decrease of 0.52 pct, and zero investment proposals: a relatively high share of retail business in companies, with wind control and prudential controls, a smooth quality of assets, economic exposure, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
1. Increases in size, reductions in provisions, increases in tax-exempt assets, leading to high net profit growth The net profit growth has been maintained at a high rate, and there has been a decline in the rate of harvests and ppops. For the entire 19-year period, the comptroller bank has achieved an increase of $269,703 million, or 8.5 per cent; The net profit before the provision (ppop) has increased by 6.8 per cent over the same period, a slight decline over the 18-year period; and the net profit return of $92,867 million has increased by 15.3 per cent over the same period;
A steady increase in the net profit return of the parent to 18.6 per cent over the same period. Figure 2: The growth in the performance of the merchant banks during the single season.
Increased contribution; increased tax-exempt asset allocation, negative shifts in tax contributions to profits, 20.24 per cent of the 19-year real income tax rate, a decrease of 3.87 pct compared to the 19-year period; reduced positive contribution from interest differentials, non-interest payments, provision; increased negative cost contribution and diminished marginal contribution.
Table 1: Disaggregation of performance of merchant banks (cumulative year-on-year) Table 2: Disaggregation of performance of merchant banks (single-quarter ring comparison) Table 3: Analysis of Merchant Banks in Dupont, 2019
At the end of 2019, the size of bank loans and interest-bearing assets was 4.49 trillion yuan and 7.37 trillion yuan, respectively.
2) The share of individual deposits in total deposits is 1.8 pct higher than at the end of 18 years. Overall, the equity and liability structure of the merchant banks continues to be optimized, individual loans, personal deposit ratios are increasing and retail operations are continuing to thrive; and, in the light of the trend towards lower social financing costs, the adjustment of the optimized structure helps to maintain a steady rate of return on loans and to reduce the pressure on interest differentials.
Figure 8: Portfolio structure of commercial banks, personal deposits as a percentage of 37.3 per cent, Figure 7: Bank deposits - interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of higher levels
3. Four-quarter interest margin narrow, with a small year-on-year net difference of 2.59 per cent in 2019, with an increase of 2bp in the year-on-year ratio, contributed by loan returns up (+4bp to 4.38 per cent) and savings costs equal to 1.9 per cent. For the single season, the net interest range of 4q19 was reduced by 16bp to 2.4 per cent; mainly affected by asset end-of-end rates of return; and 4q19 interest-bearing assets received
Improved cost end-of-end controls on commercial bank liabilities, mainly benefiting from higher deposit-rate debt ratios and retail business advantages; 4q19 interest-bearing liability cost ratios equalled by 1.92 per cent, with savings rates falling by 1 bp to 1.63 per cent; monetary policy is expected to maintain the economy and reduce the cost of real-economy financing in 2020, with industry asset returns continuing to fall and debt costs stabilizing
Down the road. Merchant banks have a solid base of retail operations, and asset and liability structures continue to be optimized, and it is expected to maintain high interest differentials in the industry.
Net fee income increased by 3.54 pct to 7.54 per cent in 2019 compared to the same rate of increase of 1h19. Mostly, bank cards, remittance clearing operations, agent services (funds and asset management replacements) increased better: credit commitments and loan service commissions contracted the same rate.
In late 19 years, the balance of non-performing loans from merchant banks was $52,275 million, a decrease of $1,330 million from the end of the previous year; the rate of non-performing loans was 1.16 per cent, a decline from the beginning of the year. 20bp: concern about loan rates, late loan rates and 90-day credit ratios.
0.78 per cent, an increase of 16bp over the same period, is mainly affected by the increase in the risk of credit cards. 19 years of credit card badness in the vendor banks, an increase of 24bp over the same year; and, given the gradual increase in credit card access thresholds since the introduction in 19 years, balancing the growth in risk with the increase in size and the overall risk controlability.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: 19 years of increased coverage and loan allocation, adequate provision and increased subsequent resilience to risk.
6. The number of retail clients has grown steadily, the contribution of retail business has remained high, and the contribution of retail business has remained high. Total retail financial assets have grown steadily, with commercial banking retail financial operations having increased 0.1 pct in 19 years.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Brethren Bank (600036): high profitability, continued retail activity, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East; The Merchant Bank (600036): high profitability and continued retail activity.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Merchant Bank (600036): Maintenance of high profitability, continued retail activity, Lim Xiao, Master of Financial and Economics, Cambridge University, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, scores in gold securities, sea-to-air securities, wind-wind securities banking.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.