Consumer battery release drives performance, power storage accelerates the valuation - billion latitudes of lithium depth report . Company profile: lithium primary + lithium ion battery is the main industry, deep involvement in electronic smoke, net profit on revenue for 10 years
The combined rate of increase is more than 40%. Lithium is a listed company based on the production and sale of lithium primary and lithium ion batteries, which is involved in electronic smoke operations at the same depth. The three main lines of business of the company are lithium primary batteries, lithium ion batteries, etc.
Electronic smokes. Lithium primary batteries downstream are mainly smart meters, etc., object networking, etc. Lithium ion panels are divided into two main categories, consuming lithium batteries and lithium power storage batteries. Electronic smoke plates are now mainly achieved in the form of the return on McVell investment (37.55% shareholding).
The combined rate of growth of the 10-year net profit and the return of mothers was 41 per cent and 44 per cent, respectively. In 2019, operating income was $6.4 billion, or +47 per cent, or 1.5 billion, or +167 per cent. • Business analysis: the steady growth of lithium primary batteries + electronic smoke, the expected doubling of lithium cell consumption, power storage
Lithium-capable batteries are expected to double their revenues Lithium primary batteries: demand expands steadily, and taps grow steadily. Electronic smoke: big track, long-term demand increases, and participation in McVell contributes steadily.
Lithium cell consumption: three-star tws tied, golden bean battery expected to double the power plate performance. Lithium power storage battery: Daimler tied, Kia electric vehicle tied, three-dollar soft-pack battery powered, recommended logic: performance elastic on lithium consumption, valuation elastic on power storage
Performance elasticity: Lithium battery consumption operations, with a logical point in the three-star tws battery release; 2 Valuation elasticity: Lithium power storage cell operations, with a logical first point in the customer Daimler, Kia, a second point in the new energy automobile industry and a third point in the storage capacity order.
• Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Energy auto industry needs less than expected, storage capacity needs less than expected, electronic smoke demand less than expected.
"Locking point, e-smoking investment returns " , 2019-02-27.
The year-round performance forecast is slightly over-expected, McVell Electronics, O3 net profit from mother-to-child growth of 143 per cent, multiple engines guaranteed performance growth of 2018-10-28.
They take a combination of industry trends, profitability, based on the company ' s historical pe and comparable pe values, assuming that the company ' s three core operations, lithium primary batteries, lithium consumer batteries, and lithium power storage batteries, have been growing at a certain rate, while the Māori rate has remained stable, while the return on investment (mainly McVeil ' s e-smoking) has been growing steadily.
Performance elasticity: Lithium battery consumption operations, with a logical point in the three-star tws battery release; 2 Valuation elasticity: a power storage lithium battery operation, with a logical first point in the customer Daimler, Kia, a second point in the new energy automobile industry and a third point in the storage capacity order.
The downstream demand for lithium primary batteries is not as high as expected, the consumer electronics sector is not as demand as expected, the new energy automobile industry is less demand for storage, the demand for electronic smoke is lower than expected, and corporate management risks are involved.1 Corporate profile: lithium primary + lithium ion batteries are the main industry, and deep participation in electronic smoke is required.
The net profit increases are over 40% at a 10-year compound rate, and the billion-latitude lithium energy is a listed company based mainly on the production and sale of lithium primary and lithium ion batteries, while the firm's main business is the production and sale of lithium primary and lithium ion batteries.
Started in 2001 with the Lithium Original Batteries business, marketed in 2009, acquired 51 per cent of McWear ' s shares into electronic smoke in 2014, acquired gold energy batteries in 2017, expanded consumption in 2019, and expanded soft-packs of three dollars and squares of lfp to expand power and storage energy.
Figure 1: The company’s business plate time line. The company’s three main business plates are lithium primary batteries, lithium ion batteries, electronic smoke. Lithium primary cells downstream are mainly smart meters, etc, object networking, etc.
The sub-areas are generally in billions of market space, and companies have a leading advantage in some of the sub-divisions. Overall, this plate has a high Maori rate, one of the company’s two main niches.
Lithium-consumption batteries are divided into two types, one for non-target small soft-bag batteries and the other for relatively standardized cylindrical batteries. The downstream areas of small soft-pack batteries are scattered, including smart sound boxes, smart bracelets, electromagnetizers, etc. The largest growth bright spots are currently in tws headphones; and the downstream areas of cylindrical batteries are mainly electric tools and two rounds.
The power storage cells are divided into three types: three-packs, three squares, and one-shaped lfp. The three-pack is a combination of knobs, mainly for Daimler, and the modern Kia, and the three-dimensionals are for other passenger cars, and the squares run downstream, mainly commercial vehicles, electric ships, and storage power. The power storage plates will grow rapidly as downstream demand erupts.
The e-smoking plate is now mainly achieved in the form of an investment gain (37.55 per cent shareholding) from McVell, a company with another large profit-making business with high future demand, and McVell with a split head, which will continue to benefit in the long term. The company currently operates mainly in lithium primary batteries and electronic smoke, with a projected future contribution of lithium ion batteries.
In 2019, the ratio was 30%, 38%, 33%, respectively, for lithium primary batteries, lithium-consumption batteries, and lithium-powered batteries, respectively. In terms of net profit from parentage, the ratio was 41% and 44%, respectively, for lithium primary batteries, investment earnings from electronic smoke, lithium-consumption batteries, lithium-power, and, in terms of financial data, for the last 10 years, for the company ' s combined rate of income and net profit from parentage.
The company’s 2019 roe was 27% in 2019, a trend that has continued to rise in recent years. Dupont’s analysis shows an increase in the equity multiplier, a decrease in the turnover rate, and a significant increase in the net interest rate of the parent, mainly in the company’s battery-based field.
Process, supply chain, production, customer combination of advantages, with the battery business at its core, actively expanding new business growth points to effectively translate production into returns.2 Business analysis: steady growth of lithium primary batteries + electronic smoke, and promising consumption of lithium batteries
Double performance, power storage lithium batteries are expected to double their revenues 2.1. Lithium primary batteries: steady expansion of demand, steady growth of taps. Lithium primary batteries include lithium sub-cells, lithium manganese batteries, etc., corresponding to downstream applications mainly in the industrial field,
In the area of motor vehicles, among others, the main increases in demand in recent years have been in smart meters, etc., figure 7: number of subscribers and penetration rates in etc. The company is the lithium primary battery, which has grown at a combined rate of 28 per cent over the last 10 years, and the Māori rate has increased steadily in recent years, with 2019.
In the future, it is expected that the lithium primary battery market will continue to grow overall as downstream demand pulls, that Lithium will benefit from a billion latitudes as the country's primary lithium battery tap, and that the lithium primary battery plate will provide a steady growth performance for the company.
Smoking is an addictive consumption, and the global market for smokers and tobacco has been relatively stable, with global smokers estimated at 1.3 billion people and tobacco markets estimated at $85.93 billion in 2019. Electronic tobacco is a new type of tobacco that has been growing rapidly in recent years, with a market size of around 260 in 2019.
In terms of industrial chains, demand is now mainly in Europe and America, and manufacturing is mainly in China. At the centerstream manufacturing end, the global tap of electronic aerosol equipment is McVeil (the city accounts for about 10%), earning $7.6 billion in 2019, which is +122%.
In terms of global policy on e-smoking, the overall future is dominated by benign developments. The United States regulator is fda, which regulates e-smoking mainly through a pmta listing license, and the owner.
Countries in Europe differ considerably, with Britain’s policy being relatively friendly. Japan prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing electronic smoke, but allows heat to be kept from burning tobacco.
China is more stringent in the sale of electronic cigarettes, and is currently prohibited from selling online. It can only sell on the line. It is now bound to 2.3. Lithium batteries: binding three stars tws, gold bean batteries are expected to double the performance of the plate, and the company consumes two main types of batteries, the first being small cylinder batteries, which are used mainly in electric tools and power.
The market for electric tools has increased steadily in recent years, reaching about $20 billion in 2019. With 250 million electric bicycle holdings in the country, the need for upgrading will be raised in the future, and lithium will be needed.
The demand for batteries will continue to grow, and in the field of applications of small, soft-pack batteries, including the electronic fogizer market, the smartphone market, the smart bracelet market, etc., the largest current vent is the tws battery, which will become tws powered by future industry demand.
2.4. Lithium Power Storage Batteries: binding Dymler, Keia Electric, Power Three Soft Packing Battery, which is expected to lead to a doubling of the income of the plate, a large market space for lithium Cells in power and storage, 12.17 billion yuan in 2019 in global power storage market space, pre-dating
In 2025, about $627.4 billion, about five times as much as in 2019. According to the market for power cells in the country, the concentration of taps has been rising, with 1% of the Lithium billion latitudes rising from 1% in 2016 to 3% for the first time in 2019.
The company bound Dymler and Kia Modern, which are designed to supply three-dollar batteries, and will start with them in the future.3 The recommended logic: performance elasticity in the consumption of lithium, elasticity in the valuation of power storage energy The recommended logic of the company is mainly based on the growth of downstream demand, which in business terms is divided into three main categories:
1. Lit-base operations: Lithium primary batteries and electronic smoke plates, which are the two most contributing plates, and which, by extension, represent a steady increase in performance, with the main logical support point being the corresponding steady increase in downstream demand; 2. Lithium battery operations: the recommended logic of the plate is performance elasticity, with the logical support points first and foremost the largest increase
(c) Power storage lithium cell operations: the recommended logic for this plate is elastic valuation and the first logical point is the customer.
Demler, Kea, the second logical sub-point is the volume of the industrial downstream whole (reciprocal trio) and commercial vehicles (reciprocal 1fp batteries) and the third logical sub-point is the amount of storage energy orders (reciprocal 1fp batteries).
4. Profit projections: The net return to the mother in 2020 is expected to be $2 billion, compared to +32 per cent, assuming that the company ' s three core operations, lithium primary batteries, lithium consumer batteries, and lithium power storage batteries, will all remain at a certain rate of increase, while the Māori rate will remain stable, while the return on investment (mainly McVeil ' s e-smoking) will grow steadily.
E-values and comparable company-pe-values, taking into account the upward trend in the industry, changes in profitability, comparative company-level differentials* Table: Comparison of comparable company-pes Downstream demand for lithium primary batteries, demand for consumer electronics and requirements for new energy automobiles
Not enough is expected, not enough is needed for storage, not enough is needed for electronic smoke, not enough is required for corporate management risks.