Building a global leader in global landscape telecommunications and eco-services, ai enabling future co-development of three product lines with a warmer performance. The company has built a desktop communications terminal, conference product, cloud office with a global view of cloud + platform.
The annual corporate income capr is 22% and the parent ' s net profit capr is 23.90%. The Māori rate is over 60% for a long time, sustained by the macro-environment and corporate profitability; the company attaches great importance to cash, the robust growth of the uc&c market, and the company ' s global strategic partnership with Microsoft.
The size of the uc&c market in 2024 was $69.2 billion, which is the same increase. The company's current main distribution of the ip phones and the enterprise videoconferencing system are two major areas, with market sizes of $4.60/3303 billion in 2024.
During the aigc wave, uc&c can be expected to be one of the best scenarios for large models and agents.
Companies insist on their own branding strategy, and sophisticated whole-chain management allows companies to maintain high profitability. Corporate products are sold mainly to developed regions like the US, Europe, and others, although with Microsoft and others, uc&c software is huge.
The company builds high-level collaboration, and maintains a “yealink” brand for global firms and conduits. Companies build high-quality and efficient suppliers and marketing systems, produce in a foreign-collar way, and manage the whole chain in a more sophisticated way than competitors like Cisco and Roth.
At the same time, companies attach great importance to R & D inputs, while R & D costs remain at around 10%, and product competitiveness continues to improve. The industry’s vanguard position and future better growth, with “better than the city” rating for the first time.
The world's leading provider of communication and collaborative solutions, for profit, has been in the field of deep-farming corporate communications for many years, building a landscape telecommunications ecology, and the company is the world's leading provider of corporate communications and collaborative solutions.
The landscape smart office ecology is at its core, building three business pillars that cover desktop communication terminals, conference products, and cloud office terminals. The company meets the digital transformation needs of the enterprise through one-stop smart solutions, deep integration of the one-stop technology drives the communications equipment to the "intelligent productivity portal" and adds to the mixed office trend.
Market breakthroughs and stock market optimization have been synergized. With the strategic direction of "all-round coverage, all-empowerment terminals, intelligent transformation," professional audio-visual collaboration and intelligent office capabilities have been continuously strengthened, providing business clients with a more intelligent communication experience, and enabling firms to build new productivity advantages in the 'i' era.
The global market for corporate products and services is leading. Over 140 countries and territories, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and others, have corporate ownership brands. According to 2021 frost&sullivan, their ip phone market is the world’s number one; and idc 2021 global videoconferencing market statistics, companies.
Figure 2: Companies as international leading providers of corporate communication and collaborative solutions
Since its inception in 2001, the company has undergone a transition from a single product provider to a panorama smart office solver. Corporate development can be broadly divided into four phases: a foundation period for entrepreneurship, a period of expansion of globalization, a period of capital empowerment and ecological construction.
In 2001, the company became a \triangleright machine and entered the business communications market.
Globalization expansion period (2010-2016): offshore market breakthroughs and product lines diversification. In 2014, the company launched the Vc series of full-blown videoconferencing to provide high-value video resolution programmes for sme users. In 2015, the company formally entered into a strategic partnership with Microsoft to become skypeforbusiness.
Global Strategy partners, Microsoft Corporation gold medal partners. At this stage, companies have moved from hardware suppliers to hardware+software solutions.
A comprehensive strategic partnership with Microsoft to clarify the intent of the two sides to work together on a one-stop solution for audio-visual video; and a strategic collaboration with Zoom in the same year. Eco-building period (2020-2024): a landscape-based communication ecology, one-driven innovation.
Epidemic-catalyzing tele-office demand and rapid growth of cloud office terminals; launch of the MEME and the third generation smart video terminal series in the same year to further develop a landscape smart office solution; release of the uc communications collaboration full-capacity matrix in 2022, one-stop-to-stop enablement to meet the multi-site business landscape,
Multi-form, multi-consolidated landscape communications requirements; official inauguration of the corporate smart estate in 2023, enhanced coverage of desktop communication terminals, conference products, cloud office terminals, and meeting of different landscape enterprises
Business communications needs for various scenarios, such as fixed desktop office, conference room office, remote and mobile office. Desktop communication terminals: Desktop communication terminals are the company’s first largest business at present...and the first business line to be developed.
The main products of the company include a cip phone, a dect phone, a teams phone, and a conference phone. Of these, the cip phone is mainly in the t3, t4 and t5 series, and companies are targeting operators, call centres, small and medium-sized enterprises, large and medium-sized enterprises, high-end firms, etc.
Conference products: Conference products were developed in 2015 and are now the second largest business of the company. In 2024, the company further built a landscape-wide smart office solution, focusing on conference room series products, meeting cameras.
A new generation of smart meeting terminals, such as microphone speakers. Cloud Office Terminal: Cloud Office Business Line, which began layout in 2019 and was officially launched in 2020, is dominated by business headphones. Business headphones are used mainly for day-to-day work, call centre, videoconferencing, mobile.
Office and other scenarios, depending on the application scene, are divided into rj wire connection, usb wire connection, dect wireless connection, bluetooth wireless connection, etc. The company ' s business ear ear is now formed, including the uh3x wire headphones, the wh6x wireless headphones from the main integrated voice workstations and the bh7x commercial bluetooth ear.
The future business strategy of the network will revolve around technological innovation, the global layout and digitalization of the three core players, upgrading products driven by technological innovation, focusing on the integration of audio-visual infrastructure with the i-substance, deep-farming enterprise communication and digitalization.
(a) In the area of smart office, by increasing research and development investment in smart terminals and systematized solutions, strengthening the global strategy of deepening globalization in a comprehensive manner, strengthening localized service teams and global networking in high-end markets, while optimizing multi-regional supply chain layouts and building resilience to trade risks;
\triangleright improves operational efficiency and accuracy of decision-making through business process standardization, data platform integration and full-link visualization control. The three strategies will jointly drive companies from hardware suppliers to "Tech"
The Integrated Solutors for Arts+Services+Ecology have been transformed to achieve long-term robust growth. Figure 8: Corporate landscape solutions Stability of equity structure and incentive to bind core employee interests
As of the third quarter of 2025, seven of the top ten shareholders in the company were natural persons, with Chen Ji-song, Wu Dong-yi, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Ji Wei as executives, holding 17.37%, 16.61%, 10.44%, 7.85% of the shares.
In total, the holding over-equity is 50%, and the company ' s overall equity structure is stable. The Xiamen Million Network Information Technology Service is limited to the company ' s owning platform for company employees, with a shareholding ratio of 4.80%.
Corporate executives have extensive industrial experience and experience. Corporate core executives have a strong professional background, extensive product R & D experience, and a continuous cross-cutting R & D-oriented philosophy in business management, providing differentiated product solutions for their clients. At the same time, companies create equity incentives to bind the core.
On May 30, 2025, the company awarded 504 incentives at a price of $17,40/share, a solid overall growth in revenue, a high level of profitability, a robust overall growth in corporate revenue, and a strong competitive market for core business.
The Division experienced a decline of 9.6 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the down-to-stock cycle and the shift to cloudization and softwareization of the end-of-side demand for some desktop communications under the mixed office trend; in 2024 it benefited from the pull-off of videoconferencing products and cloud office terminals, while the company continued to push the product to newer levels, yielding $5,621 million, an increase of 29.28 per cent.
The uncertainty of the international trading environment has disrupted short-term business progress, and the transition to overseas capacity-building has had a phased impact on orders. The company achieved $1.648 billion in the third quarter of 2025, with a clear trend towards a quarterly recovery of 718 million yuan in net return to the mother, with an increase in the same ratio and the ring ratio.
The cost of the company as a whole is maintained at reasonable intervals, with emphasis on R & D and the sale of inputs.
In the first three quarters of 2025, inputs in processing technology, cloud structures, and the application of the ai, respectively, were made to enhance the competitiveness of the product. The total cost of sales was high on cash flows, which had been maintained at a high level in recent years.
Net cash flows from company operations amounted to $2,509 million, an increase of 39.23 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of 2025, net cash flows from company operations amounted to $1.460 billion. At the same time, the company's active share-backs accounted for 12 cumulative dividends since its listing in 2017, with a cumulative cash share of $8,553 million since its listing.
The desktop communications terminal is a company-based stone product, and the conference products and cloud office terminals have become the company’s second growing curve. According to the company’s three product lines for 2020-2024, the desktop communications terminal is the company’s base and the cloud office terminals, respectively, generating business income of $1,076 million and $270 million, an increase of 13.17 per cent, respectively.
Tabletop meeting terminals and meeting products maintain a higher rate of Maori and a slightly lower rate of cloud office terminals. The company’s products are sold mainly to overseas areas such as the United States, Europe, China, China, in 2024, and the first half of 2025, with 82% and 81% of the company’s revenues in Hong Kong, Ado, China, and overseas, respectively.
The Māori rate for desktop conference terminals and conference products has been maintained at over 65% over the long term, while the Māori rate for cloud office terminals is slightly lower, but it is also over 50%. The company is deep-ploughing the market in Europe and the United States, and continues to expand globally, with profitability shown in figure 20: Māori rates for the three products of the company
The uc&c sector has experienced a steady growth in market size or one of the best-applicable scenarios. The uc&c sector has experienced robust growth, and market space is wide in sub-areas such as conference products.
The company’s industry is the unified communications collaboration (uc&c), a technology- and market-driven industry that is an indispensable communication tool for modern enterprises. As computer applications continue to evolve and intelligent devices become more widely available, the unified communications collaboration moves into a unified communication phase that integrates computer technology with traditional communication technologies deeply, the network.
The rapid development of communications technology, the rapid growth of communication speed and data transmissions, and the emergence of inter-firm systems that are isolated from each other, such as voice communication devices and videoconferencing systems, and collaborative platforms and audio-visual systems as integrated communication systems. At the same time, there is a shift in the office model from a "transitional side" to a hybrid office.
In this trend, businesses will focus more on the quality and effectiveness of teamwork, the continuous optimization of communications equipment, the re-engineering of office space, the pursuit of more money, more open communication and better intelligence.
Business digitalization helps to reduce efficiency gains, and business demand for integrated communication solutions is expected to grow. Until then, business had achieved its goal of reducing efficiency gains through digital transformation, applying digital technology to business processes and processes.
Advanced and efficient means of communication and collaboration will increasingly become the flexibility of firms to upgrade their work areas to meet digital demands. The demand for business communications solutions, driven by the digitalization of the office landscape, has grown further, and the level of digitization and intelligence of the enterprise as a whole has gradually increased.
The annual global market size of uc&c was $69.2 billion, or 7.8 per cent, and the global market size of uc and c is expected to reach $85.4 billion in 2029, compared with 4.3 per cent in 2024 and 2029, compared to 4.3 per cent in the subregion. North America still occupies the main market, with 31.1 billion, or 45 per cent, in 2024; and emea (Europe, Europe).
Figure 22: Global uc&c market forecasts 2024-2029. The uc&c market contains hardware and software equipment to facilitate business communication, which can be divided into uc-ee, uc-ce, enterprise video conference systems, ip phones, ippbx, five sub-areas in which the GbH network currently has its main layout ip phones, enterprises
Videoconferencing system. The uc&c market can be divided into uc-ee, uc-ce, enterprise videoconferencing system, ip-phone, ippbx in five subdirectorate directions: uc-ee takes over the main market and is mainly a software platform centred on staff communication, 2024 market regulation
The model reached $61,477 million, an increase of 8.1 per cent from the same year, and a share of 89 per cent in the uc&c market. With the structural impact of the uc-ee as a higher share of the uc&c market as a whole, Microsoft took an absolute preponderant position in the uc&c market share, reaching 45.6 per cent in 2024.
uc&ce (software platform for member workers to communicate with clients) and ippbx (ip PX) market \triangleright Figure 25: Market share of uc&c in 2024
The network ' s main layout of the ip phones, enterprise videoconferencing systems, with a higher share of industry by sector. Billion network (Yalink) products cover desktop communication terminals (ip phones), conference products, etc., all have a higher market share in the uc&c area. According to data for 2024, the top five global ip phones earn a higher share.
cisco, nec, memitel, billion network, avaya, market shares 31.1 per cent, 14.0 per cent, 11.0 per cent, 10.2 per cent and 7.6 per cent, respectively; the top five global enterprise videoconferencing networks, 25.5 per cent, 24.4 per cent, 14.7 per cent, 10.0 per cent and 8.8 per cent, respectively.
Figure 27: Income from the global enterprise videoconferencing system (by supplier) (in: ip phones entering stock optimization phase and extensive market space for corporate videoconferencing products and cloud office terminals. In a mix of office normality, the ip voice market has been hit somewhat, but tradition still exists in the mixed office model
Rigid demand for office on-site, the ip-phone market is entering a steady state of “stock optimization”. The global ip-phone market fell by 5.2% the same year in 2024, but in this context, the multi-million network has achieved double-digit ip-phone revenue growth; conference products are used as a “central nerve” for a hybrid office setting, meeting real-time communication across space and efficiency.
In addition to the demand for collaborative professional meetings, the global market for corporate videoconferencing products grew by 10% in 2024 and by 44% over the same year. In addition, cloud office terminals serve as a “first entrance” to remote and mobile office, focusing on platform compatibility, bluetooth stability, smart sound collection, long-term comfort and continued navigation.
uc&c, or one of the best scenes where i'm on the ground at the end of b.
In many of the b-end applications, the unified communications collaboration (uc&c) is expected to be the best of the big models and agent technologies, with the features of process standardization, landscape readiness, data base and quantifiable value. Since the launch of Chatgpt in November 2022, the generator ai has entered a high-speed development phase.
Large model manufacturers, represented by the omenai, google, deepseek, etc., continue to evolve, and the resulting more humanized interactions bring new life to mature applications of general communications. While ai injects communication into understanding and creativity, uc&c is also being upgraded from a basic communications pipeline.
The key infrastructure for the interactivity of immersion ai to meet the communication needs of the ai era for reliability, real-time and multi-model (text, audio and video integration). Process standardization: harmonization of many scenarios in communications and collaboration, such as appointments and organization of meetings, internal questions and answers (hr,
The big model and agent can be trained or programmed to follow these established processes, such as the automatic completion of the full meeting organization process “Collaborate Needs - Arrange Time - Send Invitations - Send Pre-Conference Reminders.”
The site is rigid: communication and collaboration are essential needs for the day-to-day operation of any organization, with high frequency and required features. Employees need information queries, task coordination, knowledge-sharing, and problem solving every day.
The data base is good: enterprise-wide communication and collaboration produces big, diverse text data (mail, instant message, file, conference transposition text), audio/video data. These data are often attached to a clear picture.
The following (projects, personnel, time, tasks), linked to the organizational structure, business systems, are of high quality value quantifiable: the ai support can increase the efficiency of staff communication and collaboration, the percentage of time spent by companies on meeting preparation and total closure can be quantified, the average time-consuming rate of staff finding information, first-time response time for service and resolution
Microsoft is expected to remain competitive in the uc&c market, benefiting from a significant lead, and Microsoft has been able to upgrade a series of intensive ai capabilities, bringing microsofteams from a unified communications and collaboration (uc&c) industry.
Microsoft builds a clearly defined matrix of the i-intellectual products in the Teams to meet the needs of different scenarios using a combination of "general copilot+vertical agent". Microsoft's i-strategies are expected to consolidate and expand its corporate communications.
The dominant position of the market, centred on profound deconstructing and restructuring of unincorporated “agent users” through the re-engineering of the collaborative and automated paradigms. As full members of the organization's newsletter, they can be assigned projects and run autonomously administrative processes such as procurement, health plan tracking, etc.;
Automation paradigm re-engineering: Microsoft announced in ignite2025 that, by model context protocol (mcp), the smart body in the teams can read directly and write third-party data such as jira, asana, github. For example, self-inquiring about jira risks and scheduling meetings. This broke the data silo and upgraded the teams to business.
The company insists on its own branding strategy, mature channels and advanced research to build the moat.
In 2015, the company and Microsoft formally agreed on a global strategic partnership, and for 10 years, the two sides have gone from sip-phone compatibility to a state-driven smart meeting,
The eco-deepness of the teams, together with the current strategic layout of the "ai+ business-wide " , has contributed to the intellectual upgrading of global corporate communications, and the company has developed into the only Chinese brand with a full product line certification for Microsoft video.
A more comprehensive, professional, and efficient voice communication solution. The program is a perfect blend of billions of network-to-move full-scale communication experiences. The company’s strategic collaboration with Microsoft is no longer a simple “hardware-plus” model, but rather a built-up one.
ai is a new paradigm for intelligent office with a core and full-scope view. The company introduced the teams authentication phone system, which supports the microsofteams system by providing a key to the exclusive key design of meetings, contact quick access, etc. The operating experience is exactly the same as the teams software terminal.
In addition to Microsoft, the company is also an official partner in zoom’s accreditation, and has the capacity to support multi-platform collaborative integration with platforms such as troupe conferences, nails, etc. Businesses sometimes need to use multiple meeting platforms simultaneously: transnational
Businesses may use microsofteams, zooms, etc., and local operations rely on tweets, nails, or flybooks.
Mainstream cloud conference platforms, such as teams, zoom, troupe conferences, nails, flybooks, and the Golden Hill Conference. Regardless of the software used by customers, corporate equipment provides a high-quality original collaborative experience.
The company insists on a high-quality and efficient supply chain and marketing system, with its own branding strategy, a high profile brand and a higher value added. Unlike the Odm/oem manufacturer, which relies on the export of a substitute worker, and despite the high-level collaboration with the big players in the global unified communications software such as Microsoft, Zoom, etc.
All of the company's products are branded as "yealink" for global firms and conduits. The public sector moves away from the passive "cost plus" pricing at the bottom of the industry chain and moves towards full chain ownership of product definition, pricing and profit distribution, and the company's forward-looking strategic choices ensure that the company maintains a high level of profitability.
The company’s own brand is currently sold in over 140 countries and territories, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and according to the 2021 frost&sullivan statistics, the ipphone market is the world’s number one; voipphonescustomersatificationreport
The 2018 Licensedfordstoributioneastmanagegroup data show that users are satisfied with the world's number one: the global videoconferencing system, based on idc 2021 global videoconferencing market statistics, has developed for decades in the field of communications and collaboration, and companies have built up high-quality and efficient supply chains and marketing systems:
On the supply chain side, companies purchase raw materials on their own and outsource human-intensive product production to foreign-cooperative processing. Most of the raw materials and spare parts of the company are purchased from domestic suppliers, of which core parts are chips, accounting for more than 30% of the total company purchases in 2017-2019.
Full-process management of multiple aspects of source and access, process monitoring and continuous improvement; at the same time, companies attach importance to cooperation with core suppliers by establishing multiple cooperation mechanisms with them, including timely payments, financial support, quality support, co-development, which can better facilitate long-term stable cooperation between the parties
Companies use foreign-union processing to improve the efficiency of their operations and introduce foreign-trade associations into co-manufacturing in parks. Before outsourcing production processes to foreign-union producers, companies arrange product testing and small-scale pilot production to improve production.
Benefits and improvements in the quality of the product, followed by changes in the company’s product design programme according to the results of the trial production, until the product meets the commercial scale of production. Outsourcing production helps the company to reduce labour costs and capital investment, and improves the efficiency of the enterprise as a whole. In July 2023, the company’s smart industrial park was officially inaugurated and operated before.
On the basis of the model, the maquiladora plant was introduced into the park and put into smart production lines and advanced automation equipment, various types of information systems were introduced to integrate supply chain information flows, and co-manufacturing in the park resulted in efficiency gains for the company from the R & D, procurement, production, marketing, etc.
The distribution system is made up of authorized distributors, operators, distributors, system integrators, etc.
The company’s adoption of the distributor model is conducive to rapid business expansion and regional coverage. The adoption of the dealer model is compatible with the company’s own branding strategy, which allows for low-cost and efficient business expansion and regional expansion.
Coverage. After many years of active expansion in the unified communications market, companies have established global distribution networks, developed long-term stable partnerships with well-known distributors, and continued to optimize the quality of channels through continuous and effective management, thereby effectively enhancing the global impact of corporate brands.
With R & D at its core, the company has continued to grow its R & D costs over the last five years and maintains higher R & D rates. The company has independent national acoustic laboratories such as the Emc Laboratory, the Audio Laboratory, and the Sound Reciprocal Laboratory.
Multidisciplinary and multi-technical areas such as cloud computing, ai technology and applications, audio-visual decoding, user interactive experience design, communication control agreements, etc. The number of company technicians continued to grow from 2020 to 2024, reaching 1,117 in 2024, with 51% of employees.
Figure 36: The share of technical personnel in companies. Companies are developing new products on an ongoing basis, using “market-oriented plus technology-driven” as an innovative approach. Companies keep track of the latest technological developments and changes in user demand at home and abroad to meet changing market demands and customers.
With regard to the conference products, the company launched a new generation of audio-conferencing tablets in 2025, with the only video-grade intelligence in the industry, a second generation self-researching audio algorithms and a very full-scale experience.
With regard to cloud office terminals, the company continues to improve the layout of its business ear and wheat products, which are all new wired, uh, 4x series.
The company continuously optimizes its product performance from multiple dimensions of stability, compatibility, sound collection, comfort, etc., to suit business office needs in a multi-faceted setting, while actively promoting market promotion and access, sharpening the overall competitiveness of business ears and wheat for business.
In addition to this, the subsidiary Yaasound officially went online on July 14th, 2025, with its own technology-driven hearing aid product. Yeahasound uses artificial intelligence technology with its mission of “better and smarter hearing aid.”
This innovation not only enhances the hearing aid experience, but also significantly improves the user’s hearing quality and meets the needs of different users.
The roll-out of yasound marked a successful shift from the traditional b-end market to the c-end medical-grade product, demonstrating its ability to innovate in the field of smart hardware.
Companies with a higher share of ip phones in the cisco, poly (now hp) and uc&c industries, and business meeting products, have a competitive advantage in terms of resource stability, ecosystems and cost control.
Since its inception in 2001, the company has cultivated deep in the uc&c industry, with desktop communication terminal (ipphone) products as a cornerstone, following industry trends towards expanding enterprise conference products and cloud office terminals, and now three lines of operation.
Similarly, the uc&c business of poly is only one sector of hp, and the videoconferencing platform business is only one of the company’s sub-products. For decades, the network has been working on ipphones and conference products.
Over the years, both upstream suppliers and downstream channels have developed stable partnerships in three major sub-areas, with companies as a whole showing strong stability in their resource input into the uc&c sector.
This unique position allows its products to be seamlessly integrated and optimized with cloud platforms, making them indispensable hardware portals to giant ecosystems. Though technology is also a common practice through Microsoft, Zoom, etc.
Mainstream platform certification, but in the case of cisco, for example, there are competitions between Webex equipment and Microsoft, Zoom, etc. Similarly, Rhodes and hp (poly-owned companies) are competing with Microsoft in areas such as personal computers and exteriors.
There is no competitive relationship, and there is a better advantage than any other partner.
Reciprocal relationships, where production takes an outward-looking approach to the higher value-added components of the industrial chain, downstream, a marketing network of multiple channels, distributors, and company whole-chain fine management give them a very strong cost-control advantage. By contrast, in 2024, Cisco, Roth, hp, respectively, had a Māori ratio.
Companies in this category are low and have remained stable in recent years, with analysis of efficiency, solvency, profitability and growth.
Better, more profitable, more productive, more robust, and better overall asset, inventory, and account turnover have always been at a better level. At the heart of this is the company’s strategy of going out to the sea, continuing to plow deep into the U.S.-American and U.S.-M. Māori market, with a certain industry ahead.
Profitability is strong. In a comprehensive comparison, the profitability of a company leads the industry. Figure 46: Comparable Māori Ratio (%) Figure 47: Comparable net interest rate of a company (%)
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Desktop communications terminal operations: the company's desktop communications terminal operations are expected to enter stock optimization, the company is overseas, and we expect public services on the assumption that the company will be able to use the technology to support its operations.
The market has a high brand profile and a strong market position, and with the release of new products, the Corporate Desktop Communication Terminal Division is expected to maintain a steady or modest growth in its operations over the next three years. Given the geopolitical and productive shifts that have taken place in the company in 2025,
Conference product operations: corporate meeting products are still at a fast-growing stage, Microsoft continues to open overseas markets, cloud office terminal operations: corporate cloud office terminal operations are in a fast-growing phase, potential space is wide, and a reasonable valuation area for corporate stock is expected
Taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company ' s soundness. From the valuation methodology characteristics, absolute valuations represented by ddm, fcff are more suitable for continuous profit, commercial years are measured by the dcf discount method and the relative valuation method measured by the amount of ev/distribution, the latter value being the former.
Two to three times the final share price response is close to the latter.A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table.
The average perpene value for 2026-2027 was 62x29x (the average for the selection of Koda in Suzhou) compared to the comparable companies.
For the first time, industry leaders were given a “better than the big market” rating, and we used absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, which combined from many angles to arrive at a reasonable company valuation in the company’s valuation and profit projections.
On the basis of a certain assumption, the relevant parameters may be estimated: calculation of free cash flows, calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), assumptions of tv and comparability over the next few years
The selection of the valuation parameters of the company was integrated into the judgment of many individuals, which led to the wind of deviations in the valuation, high risk: and income.
(b) The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, which we assume in calculating wacc.
(a) The risk-free rate of interest of 1.40 per cent and risk premium of 5.5 per cent may still be at risk of underestimation or undervaluation of these parameters, resulting in an overvaluation of the value of the Wacc calculation, resulting in an overvalued company;
Largely adverse changes, the company ' s continued growth is actually very low or negative, leading to high corporate valuation relative to valuation: we have selected relative valuation indicators that compare with the same or similar business of the company, such as the source shares, the fast-tracked network of stars, and a comparable company ' s 2026 average pere as a relative valuation.
Considering the vanity and growth of the company, it may not be enough to give the company an 18-22-fold valuation for 26 years, and when we predict the company's performance, we set a number of parameters, all of which have been set up to include a number of people's judgments: based on the judgement of the industry and the company's fundamentals, we believe that the company's long-term deep-deepness.
Subsector products have become more competitive in Europe and the United States, but the firm’s cornerstone product industry has entered a stock-optimal phase, and companies may face the risk of less than anticipated growth in demand in the industry and less than expected downstream orders as a result of geopolitical risks. At the same time, there is a risk that the company’s push for new products will not be as high as expected.
Corporate products are mainly used for exports, export tax refund policies, customs policies have a greater impact on company operations, and future changes in export tax refund policies and customs policies in China and South-East Asia may lead to uncertain risks for company operations; companies work in depth with foreign companies such as Microsoft, Zoom, and there may be policy factors in the future.
The larger number of company personnel and the more difficult management of their operations pose greater challenges to regulators. Exchange-rate fluctuations, which are mainly sold to regions such as Europe and America, may trigger significant changes in corporate profits.
Increased competition in the market can affect the sale and profit space of the company's products, and the overseas market is less advanced than expected, and orders are not matched by the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.