Operation prudently focused on structural optimization and efficiency enhancement, first covered by the Postal Bank (601658), 0408/2022
A unique “self-employed + agent” model: the PSB and the PSG developed a unique proxy model, with the number of PBN points at the end of 2021 standing at 39.6 million and ranked first in the industry, of which the proxy points accounted for 80.2 per cent of the total network points.
The average of 77 per cent of the other five State-owned major banks was 19 percentage points higher. 49.5 per cent of credit in the table and 35 per cent of financial investment: as at the end of 2021, the share of the Postal Bank showed a relative depth of 300 indexes.
Small loans account for 24.4 per cent of the total, and are relatively good in terms of the quality of personal bank credit. By the end of 2021, the Bank had a non-performing credit ratio of 0.82 per cent, a poor personal credit generation rate of 0.92 per cent and a poor corporate lending rate of 0.28 per cent.
The income contribution of individual banking operations is close to 70 per cent: individuals have a significantly higher share of their personal credit than other state-owned banks. As of the end of 2021, the income contribution of personal banking operations in the postal banks reached 69.6 per cent as a result of the savings agency model.
Accrual service fees, resulting in a relatively high share of operating management costs. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: current relatively low credit ratio of the Postal Bank, excellent quality of credit assets, considerable scope for excavation in retail operations, and potential savings agent service rates
In the context of the future development strategy of the Postal Bank, we believe that the valuation of the Bank as a whole and the expected improvement of its future fundamentals give companies a higher rating. According to the August 2 collection of risk factors: the epidemic, the macroeconomic environment, and policy factors will influence our judgment.
In cooperation with the Large Shareholder Post Group, the “Self-employed + Agents” hub model 1.1 The First Large Shareholder Postal Group was established in 2007 and the Reserve Bank undertook a stock system reform in 2012 and landed in Hong Kong in September 2016.
Then, in December 2019, the first shareholder was the Postal Group. As of the end of the first quarter of 2022, the “own-account + agent” operating model had been established by the Postal Bank since its establishment in 2007 with the agreement of the State Council and the approval of the Chinese Banking Commission.
The operation model, which covers 99% of the counties (municipalities) in China, is the operation of the Postal Bank. The Postal Bank and the Postal Collection Group conclude a framework agreement for the commissioning of correspondent banking operations, which is valid for an indefinite period of time, subject to the requirements of the rules governing the listing of stocks or the exemption of related requirements.
By the end of 2021, the number of PBN points stood at 396,000, ranking first in the industry. Of these, 7828 are self-employed and 31775 are proxy, accounting for 80.2 per cent of the total, and the regional distribution shows a significant sinking, with subdistrict points remaining stable for many years, with deposits exceeding 5 per cent in the centre and west, ranking first in the industry.
Figure 2: Self-employed and proxy network structure (units: one) 2021. Pursuant to the agreement, the Postal Bank commissioned postal enterprises to provide deposit services, accounting financial services, proxy financial services and other services in the agent network for the absorption of foreign currency; under national policy, the Postal Bank and the Postal Group both provided services in the broker network.
Postal establishments directly manage the day-to-day operation of the agency’s network within the premises.
As a result of these cooperative relationships, the Postal Bank is required to pay agent fees to the postal enterprise, including savings agent fees, agent clearing, agent sales expenses, receipt of other consolidated services, etc.
During the year, in accordance with the framework agreement between the Postal Group and the Postal Bank for the commissioning of correspondent banking operations, the Postal Bank calculates and pays $89.2 billion to the Group ' s savings agent at a fixed rate and at a slotting fee; income from brokering operations at the agency point is first confirmed by the Postal Bank, then paid to the post by the Postal Bank in accordance with the principle of who handled and who benefits.
Centrally settled operating expenses and commission expenses of $7.9 billion and $9.3 billion, respectively; the Postal Bank rented houses from the Postal Group and obtained labour, marketing, purchase of products and services at approximately $3.42 billion. 1.3 Savings agent rates and adjustment modalities
Postal banks calculate the agent-in-charge fee paid to the Postal Group on the basis of the “fixed rate, slotting fee”, i.e., different savings-in-agent rates (slotting rate between 0.20 per cent and 2.30 per cent) are applied to the split of savings deposits for different periods, and the deposit is calculated on the basis of the slotting rate and the average daily balance of savings deposits per deposit.
The actual weighted average savings agent rate (combined rate). The combined rate is capped at 1.50 per cent. The savings agent rate is higher for current deposits (lower interest rates on deposits) and lower for time deposits (higher interest rates on deposits).
The adjustment of the savings agent fee is divided into two main active and passive types: active adjustment is also divided into two categories: the slotting rate is adjusted on the basis of factors such as actual operating needs; and the combined annual rate is expected to exceed the combined rate ceiling, if this is due to a change in the structure of the agency savings deposit during the year.
Adjustments to the flat-rate ceilings are subject to decision-making procedures and supplementary agreements. Passive adjustments are 10 years before the most recent period when the interest rate environment has changed significantly, for example, the average annual net profit spread of the banks of China and China relative to the last passive adjustment in the fiscal year of the construction bank.
(including the year of the most recent passive adjustment) where the average net spread of commercial banks fluctuates above or above a certain percentage (the “trigger margin”), the Postal Bank and the Postal Group shall, within six months of the date of knowledge of the occurrence of the situation, consult to determine whether and how to adjust the combined rates and the slotting rates adjusted in accordance with the adjusted combined rates and to implement the decision
By the end of 2021, the total assets of the Postal Bank amounted to 12,59 trillion yuan and the balance of loans in the table amounted to $6,24 trillion. By the end of 2021, the total individual loans of the Bank amounted to $37,56,153 million, representing 58.2 per cent of the total loans, representing an increase of 5.6 percentage points compared with 2016.
The share of facilities-related loans was relatively high; real estate development loans were the lowest in the State sector, with 6.2 per cent; manufacturing loans, 14.5 per cent; and wholesale retail loans, 5.8 per cent; by the end of 2021, the balance of non-containable property managed by the Postal Bank amounted to $915.3 billion, a year-on-year increase.
In the same period, the management of personal customer assets (aum) was $12.53 trillion, representing an increase of 11.4 per cent over the same period, and the servicing of individual clients, the quality of the assets of the Postal Bank was relatively excellent owing to the relatively high level of individual bank credit. By the end of 2021, the ratio of non-performing loans to the Postal Bank was 0.82 per cent, while the ratio of loans of concern was only 0.47 per cent. The rate of delays was only 0.89 per cent.
Bonded loans account for 60.2 per cent of total loans and are also in a relatively high position. In 2021, poor personal credit generation was 0.92 per cent and poor corporate lending 0.28 per cent.
By the end of 2021, personal credit was at a poor rate of 0.94 per cent. For public loans, because of the higher share of public infrastructure-related loans, the overall poor rate was significantly lower than that of comparable counterparts, at 0.78 per cent as at the end of 2021.
Transport, warehousing and postal services, manufacturing and wholesale retail operations accounted for 42.9 per cent, 24.4 per cent and 19.6 per cent, respectively. 2.5 deposits accounted for 96 per cent of liabilities, with a low current rate of 11.35 trillion yuan, or 96 per cent of total liabilities, as at the end of 2021
The average value of his five State-owned businesses was 19 percentage points higher. The ratio of debt payable was only 0.7 per cent. Retail deposits were 88 per cent for one person and 11 per cent for public deposits. The current rate was only 34 per cent, which was lower than that of comparable counterparts.3 Retail revenue contributed nearly 70 per cent.
3.1 By 2021, the net contribution of retail business income to operating income was almost 70 per cent, or 84.5 per cent. As a result of the recent development of intermediate business, net revenue from fees was 6.9 per cent of business income, of which net income from individual banking services was $16.129 billion, or 73.3 per cent.
Over the past five years, net revenue from fees has increased by 13.9 per cent at a faster rate than from 11 per cent of operating income during the same period.In terms of revenue from fees, as at the end of 2021, the Postal Bank had achieved income from fees of $42,383 million, of which $11,951 million was earned from silver and card operations, $122,339 million from agency operations and $9,626.6 million from settlement and liquidation operations.
As a result of the higher share of individual credit, the share of individual banking operations is significantly higher than that of other State-owned majors. By the end of 2021, the income contribution of individual banking operations at the Postal Bank had reached $22,185.5 billion, or 69.6 per cent, an increase of 6.9 percentage points from 2018.
From the point of view of profits, the cut-off of 2,021 bank profits amounted to 45,632 million yuan, or 56 per cent, and 3.2 operations and management fees, which included savings agent services, amounted to 59 per cent.
As a result, the cost of operation and administration of the Postal Bank reached 59 per cent, significantly higher than the average of 27.1 per cent of the other five State-owned banks. As of the end of 2021, the share of the savings agent services paid to the Postal Group in that year amounted to 47.4 per cent of the cost of operations and administration.
3.3 The structural advantage of the end of the asset has resulted in a higher rate of return, resulting in a higher share of retail operations, resulting in a higher combined rate of return for interest-bearing assets than for other major estates.
The loan structure shows that the share of mortgage loans was 57.8 per cent by the end of 2021, the share of consumer loans and microcredits was higher, but the current rate was not high, so the combined cost of the end of the debt was at the same level as that of other state-owned banks. Correspondingly, the net difference in the postbank was higher than that of comparable counterparts. As at the end of 2021, the net interest of the postbank was higher than that of the other state-owned banks.
The difference of 2.36 per cent is significantly higher than the national average of 2.01 per cent. However, given the savings agent fee paid by the Postal Bank to the Postal Group, the net interest difference at the Postal Bank would have decreased significantly if it was deducted as interest.
The net interest difference was 1.58 per cent.4 There is still room for improvement in the credit ratio and in large retail operations.4 The current credit ratio of the Postal Bank is relatively low, credit assets are of excellent quality, and retail operations are still well excavated
In conjunction with the future development strategy of the Postal Bank, we believe that the Bank’s overall efficiency may be improving steadily. First, it currently accounts for nearly 49.5% of the credit in its chart, down from 57.2% in five other state-owned banks.
The credit ratio is expected to rise exponentially, given that the combined rate of return on credit is higher than the rate of financial investment, driving the increase in interest differentials and generating a rise in savings.
On the other hand, the increase in deposits in recent years is largely due to the contribution of individual time deposits. In the future, as banks optimize their sources of debt, there is a potential for further reductions in end-of-debt costs.
In recent years, the increase in fees and fees has been concentrated mainly on agency, financial management, hosting, and clearing operations, all of which have grown by more than 10% over the past few years. The large retail pool base of the Postal Bank, with the addition of technology, is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the coming years.
Third, under the Framework Agreement on Portfolio Banking, the mechanism for negotiating savings agency fees will be triggered when the average net spread of commercial banks in the Quad countries is lower than a certain level (approximately 1.87%). The net profit ratio announced by the four major banks in 2021 is high, the risk preferences are relatively low, and the assets are of excellent quality. In the future, the credit ratio will be high.
There is still some room for improvement, and large retail operations are well-developed on the basis of existing large clients, which is expected to boost passive adjustment rules for receiving savings agent service charges from the Postal Bank, or to bring about adjustment in the rate of savings agent services. With regard to loan acceleration, we estimate that we will borrow over the next three years, taking into account factors such as capital occupancy, credit allocation, etc.
In terms of net interest differentials, the pricing of the current asset end of 2021 per net margin is still down-tracked, although taking into account the higher share of personal banking at the Postal Bank and the stronger advantage of the liability end. We expect a rapid increase in net revenue from fees over the next three years. As retail large wealth management moves fast, it will take off.
We expect a 13% compound increase over the next three years. Assets are of excellent quality, and the current provision coverage is high.
If the impact of the epidemic on the economy is higher than expected, or if the quality of the bank's assets deteriorates significantly. The identification of non-performing loans and the provision of funds, the relative influence of cyclical factors and the banks themselves, may lead to the assumption that the banking sector as a whole is more affected by macroeconomic, monetary and regulatory policies, the economy and related policies.
These include changes in net interest differentials, asset quality expectations, and so on. If the “self-employed + agent” business model is adjusted, it is possible that the financial position and operational performance of the Postal Bank will be significant.