NORTH HONG (002371): Performance continues to increase, with national production replacing the power of equipment under the wind (for the first time)
Net profit on maternity is 1.08 billion yuan, representing an increase of 10.7 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-mortality is deducted. Quarterly report of companies in 2022: operating income is 2.14 billion yuan, representing an increase of 5.0 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity is 206 million yuan, representing an increase of 183.2 per cent in the same year.
▪ The semiconductor industry continues, the corporate performance continues to increase, the beneficiary semiconductor industry continues, the company continued to grow in 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, and 21q4 achieved a revenue of $3.51 billion, i.e. +58.1 per cent.
One billion yuan, +63.2 per cent, and seven stars, +71.4 per cent, yielding $7.12 billion, show strong growth in semiconductor equipment as the main driver of performance; electricity sub-components, 1.72 billion yuan, +47.2 per cent.
▪ Semiconductor equipment is the main driver and profitability continues to rise 39.4 per cent of corporate Maori in 2021, compared to 2.72 pct; 2022q1 Māori demand pulls down the corporate-scale effect and the product structure moves towards a higher Māori-led semiconductor.
The global semiconductor market grew strongly in 2021 and is expected to grow in 2022.
The current semiconductor industry climate is continuing upwards, chip supply shortages are continuing, and chip manufacturers are driving up capital spending plans to boost capacity expansion. Cicinsight expects capital spending in the semiconductor industry to continue in 2022.
The global semiconductor manufacturing equipment market is expected to expand to $107 billion in 2022, an increase of 18% over the same period, and demand for equipment continues to rise. According to frost&sullivan, the market size of our integrated circuits is in 2015.
By 20 per cent in 2019, the cagr market is expected to break by 100 million in 2022, compared to 15.9 per cent in 2020, which poses a major threat to the development of our semiconductor industry and to the security of the information industry.
The importance of self-control over domestic manufacturers’ crisis awareness has been highlighted. It is hoped that the process of certification of national production of new platforms, which will benefit from the expansion of the country’s crystallized mills, will be actively pursued, and that national production of equipment will become imperative.
Platform-based layouts continue to be advanced, with a defined increase in code-based energy layout The company's product system is rich, with corrosion machines, pvd, cvd, oxidation/dissemination furnaces, decomposition furnaces, cleaning machines, etc. yielding in the area of integrated circuits and general semiconductors
With, a semiconductor equipped with multi-species, cross-cutting product platforms. In 2021, the company will increase by $8.5 billion to expand integrated circuit equipment, new semiconductors are well-lined, clients are increasingly certified, process penetration continues to increase, and the rate of penetration will continue to increase.
First coverage, “recommended” rating. Semiconductor market demand is not as high as expected; downstream crystal manufacturing capacity is not expanding as expected.
(c) Automated industry experience, six years of research experience in the mechanical industry, mainly for companies listed in the mechanical industry.
Ding : The University of New South Wales Master of Finance, which is now primarily responsible for research on listed companies in the mechanical industry, reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.