North China has maintained high growth, benefiting semiconductor equipment that is nationalized and platformed, with a high rate of growth driven by a dual operation of “equipment plus parts”.
Of the total, approximately 82.1 per cent and 17.7 per cent, respectively, of the electronic process equipment and electronic components operations, which grew by about 63 per cent and 47 per cent, respectively, both of which achieved high growth rates and benefited mainly from the strong demand for equipment and spare parts in the semiconductor industry. The contractual liability at the end of 22q1 remained at a high level of $5 billion at the beginning of the year.
After the completion of the extension projects such as the industrialization base for semiconductor equipment, it will ensure a faster drop in order revenues and create a strong growth momentum.
9 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, and 7,121 million yuan in general semiconductors (ic+photo-voltaic equipment, panel equipment, led equipment) dominated by the former operator, representing 74 per cent of the total income, an increase of 72 per cent over the same period, with a net profit rate of 7 per cent for the photovoltaic vacuum furnace, a decrease of 2.4 percentage points from the previous year, but a decrease in microelectronics
The net profit margin rose from 4.2% to 8.1%, mainly to benefit from the domestic demand for semiconductor equipment and to enjoy a higher level of profitability than the semiconductor. The significant increase in the Māori rate was driven by increased profitability.
See, in 21 years, the Māori rate for electronic process equipment and electronic components was 33 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, increasing by 3.56 and 2.75 percentage points on the same basis, improving the structure of the company ' s products and improving profitability such as electronic process equipment, leading to an overall increase in the profitability of the company.
Research and development (R & D) is active and new products are well developed. The company’s 21-year cost of R & D is $1,297 million, an increase of 112% over the same year, indicating that the company is increasingly active in investing in new product R & D and is working to build technical barriers. 21 years of access to various new process equipment in storage, semiconductor production.
In a dynamic demand environment, it is expected to accelerate the validation of the shift to revenue. Given the significant increase in corporate profitability, the strong harvest power, and the smooth pace of new product imports to clients, The North’s Invent: a quarter of a season of higher profitability will continue throughout the year.
The shortage of semiconductor parts has deteriorated, outbreak control has affected the delivery of orders, international geopolitical frictions.
China-China Silver International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Mechanical equipment: semiconductor equipment