2021 & 2022 Quarterly Review: Performance continues at a high rate 30/04 2022 Growth, full of hand orders, up to profit level
Research assistant 309.45%. The company has previously issued a fast-track report that meets market expectations. Incident 2: The company published a quarterly report in 2022: 2,236 million yuan in operating income for 2022q1, the same amount.
Billion dollars, equal to +382.23%, are at the midpoint of the previous performance forecast and meet market expectations. The industrial chain of the beneficiary semiconductor equipment is high, and the company’s performance continues to grow at a high rate of 63-47%.
Quick growth (1) semiconductor equipment: new and expanded production lines such as integrated circuit logic devices, advanced storage, advanced encapsulation, etc. contribute to increased demand; (2) led equipment: miniled demand pulls down industry investment back on track; (4) third generation semiconductor: 5g applications, motor electronics, etc.
Investments in the physical line are growing rapidly. Driven by trade frictions and lack of cores, semiconductor equipment is growing in national production, new products such as company etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, ald, etc. The pace of market imports is increasing, and product process coverage and customer penetration are increasing.
According to the company ' s business announcement of 11 March, in January-February 2022, the company ' s new orders continued to increase profitability and investment in research and development.
In 2021, the company combined Māori rate was 39.4% for the same year and +2.7pt; the parent net profit rate was 11.1% for the same year and +2.3pt for the same year.
Quarterly review: Performance meets market expectations, semiconductor equipment taps continue to benefit from the industry 44.6 per cent combined Māori ratio, +51 pct, +9.7 per cent net profit for the mother, +4.6 pct, major
• On April 21, 2021, the company released a non-public share proposal, with no more than $8.5 billion proposed to raise more than $8.5 billion.
Review: Performance in line with market expectations, acceleration, combined with self-financing totalling $9.62 billion for semi-conductor equipment expansion, high-end semi-conductor setting R & D & E growth in production enablers performance
A project to build up R & D and high-precision electronic components for a 24-month build-up period, with an average annual income of $7.90 billion, with a total annual profit of about $940 million. As the company matures the process equipment and breaks new processes, new process products enter the client identification or volume, and the company ' s products are repeated by the customer.
& 21q1 Quarterly Review: Performance exceeded expectations.
Three major financial forecasts for the North China Revolution, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared for the Securities Investment Advisory Board.