Equity incentives, medium- and long-term development of good companies, valuation of bottom line.
Event: The company issues its 2022 stock options incentive plan (draft). ▪ The incentives are primarily directed at core technical staff, with full motivation for medium- and long-term development. • The company proposes to grant 13.1 million stock options to the incentive audience, or 2.48 per cent of the company's equity stock.
For the first time, 10.5 million stock options were granted; 2.6 million stock options were reserved. For the first time, the incentive scheme awarded no more than 840 persons, mainly core technical & managerial cadres, not including directors & senior managers, with no more than 777 core technical talent and no more managerial cadres.
By the end of 2021, the number of company technicians stood at 2,968, with 26.18 per cent of the incentive coverage and a wider range of incentives. The rapid growth of semiconductor industries on mainland China, where skilled people are important competitive players, has further subsided the coverage of the equity incentive, and has been able to provide a better incentive for talent.
Effectively bind corporate interests and incentive audiences for medium- and long-term growth.
Taking into account the positive impact of this incentive plan on corporate development, which will result in much higher performance than cost increases, the amortization of the cost of this incentive plan will have a manageable impact on net profits during the period under review.  Short-term performance continues to grow rapidly, with long-term benefits from crystallized yield migration & replacement of equipment from home country.
In the medium-to-long term, as one of the most well-developed companies in the indigenous semiconductor system, the company's new product continues to break through, and will continue to benefit from the conversion of crystal-crystal capacity to the east and to the national production of semiconductor equipment.) Based on the advice of microscopics, China will have 25 new 12-inch crystal-crystal plants in the next five years.
In China, only 7.4 per cent of the equipment is produced nationally, most of the links are less than 10 per cent, and there is a long-term logic to replace it. 3) The company ' s product system continues to be well developed, oriented towards logic, storage, power, first & first & 2022: performance continues to be high.
In addition, in 2021, the company raised a non-public fund.
$8.5 billion for projects such as the “Background Expansion of Semiconductor Equipment Project (IV)” and the “High-end Semiconductor Equipment Research and Development Project” will effectively reduce production bottlenecks and further strengthen core competitiveness.
Figure 3: Corporate equity incentive costs amounted to $343 million in 2021.