Quarterly reports meet expectations and the equipment matrix continues to unfold.
96.83 billion yuan, representing an increase of 59.90 per cent in the same year, and 1,077 million yuan, representing an increase of 100.66 per cent in the same year; in the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved a return of 2,136 million yuan, representing an increase of 50.04 per cent in the same year, and a return of 20.6 million yuan, representing an increase of 183.18 per cent in the same year.
With 2021 rising incomes and a one-quarter increase in the Maori rate, companies achieved a total increase of \triangleright billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 71 per cent in the same year; 2) affiliates in the North created a vacuum, a primary camp vacuum, and collected 828 million yuan.
A 16% increase in the same year; 3) A subsidiary, Seven Stars, collected 1,715 million yuan in major electronic components, a 47% increase in the same year. Thanks to increased willingness to invest in downstream integrated circuit lines, the company's equipment is growing in abundance, semiconductors, high equipment growth is the biggest increase in the company's income. At the profit end, the company's combined Māori ratio has increased year-round.
39.41 per cent, an increase of 2.72 pct over the same period, of which 33.00 per cent was for equipment, and 3.56 pct, a metascope, increased by 3.56 pct over the same period. In the first quarter of 2021, the company ' s profitability continued to improve, with a combined Māori rate of 44.64 per cent and an increase of 791 pct over the same period, while the company ' s inventory amounted to 9,712 million yuan, an increase of 1,677 million yuan over the same quarter.
The equipment class is well under way and the industry is strong. Companies set up as the most complete semiconductor of the domestic product line.
In 2021, the company’s market was re-opened.
2021q4 revenue is over-expected, the climate continues to rise, performance is improved, and many new products, such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines, etc., enter the mainstream domestic production line.
2. North China Performance (002371) Certification of production lines; multi-product series in advanced containment areas and cooperation with major domestic sealing plants Predict: National Production Substitution + Downstream High, q2 Continues High
Downstream demand continues to flourish, and national production is progressing steadily. Global semiconductor industry climates continued in 2022, c \triangleright.
Insights expect capital spending in the semiconductor sector to increase by 24 per cent in 2022, reaching $19.4 billion in long-term space.
On the domestic front, the crystal mills have maintained a strong willingness to expand their production. According to the public tender data, in March 2022, China has no tin in China, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In the current list of suppliers, the North’s proxies are being procured with thin films, etchings, various types of tubes, and the vast product lines are expected to allow them to fully enjoy downstream expansion and national production dividends and to maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.