Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre High profit growth, sustained beneficiary production Basics of Companies (RMB)
1. " High Growth in Earnings, Sustained Production of Beneficiary Countries " , 27 April, annual report 2021 and quarterly report 22, with the company achieving an operating revenue of $9.68 billion in 2021, a 60 per cent increase, and a net return of $1.08 billion, a year-on-year increase
101%. 1q22 won $2.14 billion, an increase of 50% in the same year; the mother ' s net profit is $210 million, the q1 Māori ratio is 45% and profitability is rapidly increasing.
-Sudden North China, 3 billion yuan continued to rise to $5.1 billion at the end of March 2222, with a high industrial profile and a high turnover of national production.
Sub-products show a 71 per cent increase in semi-conductor equipment income of $7.1 billion in 2021 and a 47 per cent increase in electronic components of $1.7 billion, contributing $570 million and $600 million in net profits, respectively.
In terms of equipment, the capital costs of the domestic crystal mill, i.e. core international, Yangtze storage, combing, etc., have continued to rise, with the potential expansion of domestic asset lines in the next 12 inches, 8 inches and 1.2 million in months and 420,000 in months. Domestic demand for equipment has increased by 30% in 22 years.
The company’s equipment has continued to break down from the downstream crystalworks, both in terms of coverage and penetration, and has continuously refined the product matrix. The 7.1 billion semiconductor equipment contains integrated circuit equipment, led/panel, advanced envelopes, and three and a half generations.
Equipment. Recovering capacity building in the led industry, driven by the need for miniiled demand, led to an increase in the volume of company-led equipment. Newly shown industries, tft-lcd, oled panel energy expansion slowed down and demand for new and additional equipment slowed down. New energy vehicles, new energy photovoltaics, consumer electronics, etc.
Demand has grown rapidly, with domestic third-generation semiconductor line investments warming, company third-generation semiconductor equipment, corporate vacuum and lithium power equipment earning 830 million dollars over 21 years, a steady increase of 16 per cent over the same period, while the downstream market has more demand for high-end transistors, resistors, capacitors, and modular power sources, electronics.
The component area company’s revenue grew by 47% over the year, and the Māori rate by 69% over the same period by 2.8 pct. Technological breakthroughs were less than expected, downstream expansion and productivity climbs were less than expected, and Central America’s trade risks increased, limiting the analysis of the relevant report ratings in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment