002371. sz. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HUHI2@guosen.com.cn Zhou Jianxiao Li
Nintendo Electronics: Uttar Pradesh is a leading equipment manufacturer in the country, with three main products in semiconductor manufacturing, etching, furnaces, pvd, and a smooth and large-scale import into the country of major crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, advanced storage manufacturers, and semiconductor manufacturing projects in a wide range of other areas. The company is also active in cleaning, cvd, and has photovoltaic equipment, panel equipment, led equipment and components in the panconductor sector.
The company is expected, with extensive product line layouts and extensive certification, commercial import experience, to be fully exposed to alternative development opportunities for electronic process equipment and electronic components operations during the extended production cycle of the indigenous crystal circle, with a significant increase in performance in 2021. According to the performance report, North China achieved operating income of $9,683 million (Yoy59.9 per cent) in 2021 and a net profit of $1,077 million (Yoy) to the mother.
100.7 per cent net profit of 807 million yuan (yoy30.9 per cent) not attributable to the mother, of which 4021 million yuan (yoy58.1 per cent, qoq - 6.0 per cent) were earned. The business performance of the company continues to be characterized by good development opportunities for the company ' s electronic engineering equipment and electronic components operations, through accelerated technological innovation, pooling of development resources, market opportunities, effective risk prevention and smooth running of the company ' s operations.
• The demand for electronics equipment and electronic components has continued to thrive, with 1022 continuing high growth, compared with a significant increase in the primary demand in the downstream market for major battalion operations, the continued growth of corporate electronics equipment and electronic components operations, and a decline in the ring comparison: Figure 1: Business income and growth in North China (quick report 2021)
Figure 2: Net profit and increase (quick terms, 2021) from North China; Wide distribution of North China’s forward-world equipment, with local crystal-crystal expansion cycles expected to fully benefit, China’s crystal-crystal manufacturing expansion cycle has been opened. According to sia data, in 2021 alone, Chinese local manufacturers announced 28 new manufacturing lines.
The total investment, which amounts to $26 billion, includes a total investment of $8.9 billion in the central core east and $2.4 billion in the middle core of Shenzhen 28nm and above, as well as numerous simulations, separate devices, semiconductors of compounds, and experimental lines. According to the forward road, a total of $18.2 billion was released from the market for forward equipment for the year.
Figure 5: China’s 2021 New Start of Craft Manufacturing Project The North’s Pre-Kindo process equipment is widely configured and the track is wide-ranging. The crystal manufacturing is done through circular oxidation/dissemination (thermalprocess), photo-lithography, etch, ionimplant, film growth (dielictricandmetal)
The main processes such as cleaning and polishing (clean&cmp), metalization, etc., manufacture integrated circuits on crystalline surfaces, with equipment for oxidation/dissemination, light engraved equipment, etching equipment, cleaning equipment, ion injection equipment, film deposition, mechanical polishing equipment, etc.
Erosion, thermal treatment/oxidation, cleaning of five major categories of equipment and other equipment such as mfc, assistive equipment, according to gartner data, the five major categories of equipment covered by the North China Start account for nearly 50% of the global market for front-track equipment, corresponding to nearly $50 billion in market size and wide track. In recent years, North China’s product lines have successfully been validated by domestic crystal-crystal plants and obtained orders to expand production capacity in this round.
During the cycle, companies are expected to grow rapidly. On the one hand, because of the late start-up of our semiconductor equipment enterprises, including the North, the amount of goods produced and the market share is significantly lower than the international plant, and the performance of their operations is reflected in income, low profit margins, and, on the other hand, as demand for the soil and international environmental uncertainty increase, firms have been able to accelerate their entry into the certification and commercialization of large-scale indigenous crystallized manufacturing plants.
We believe that, in the current international environment of semiconductor capacity expansion cycles and complex international circumstances, the need for domestic production of the industrial chain is constantly increasing, companies are equipped with greater room for growth, and companies are expected to increase their domestic market share from point to face, thus significantly increasing their performance. 1 - Downstream crystal circle manufacturing capacity does not expand as much as expected: company ownership is made of equipment such as semiconductor equipment, and downstream typical customers are idm, crystal round.
Crystal circle manufacturing plants such as surrogate plants, such as crystal circle manufacturing plants, whose capacity expands less than expected, or will result in lower demand for equipment, resulting in a company ' s inability to meet customers ' needs, or will result in less than expected performance: 2. Corporate capacity expands less than anticipated risk: company-owned specialized equipment, including semiconductor equipment, which expands less than expected, or
(c) Risks of underdevelopment of new products: e.g. new product development, less advanced import than expected, or of missing the best entry window for the product, resulting in loss of customers, pressure on sales prices and, in turn, underperformance.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject