Reason for the report: Performance rating, influenced by weak demand and dilution of the scale orientation, led to a marked slowdown in general lending. q3 end-of-year growth in the total assets of the trades, 8.71% to 48.36 trillion yuan. On the margins, the growth rate rose slightly from q2 (as shown in figure 1), mainly from non-credit finance.
Asset-driven: On the one hand, there has been a sharp decline in assets of peers, and, on the other hand, there has been a rapid increase in bond investment, which is influenced by fiscal activity. On the other hand, credit, which is affected by the slowdown in demand, continues to show a marked decline in public-to-individual loans in general (as shown in figure 2), which has further slowed the growth of loans. While there has been a sharp decrease in general lending, the discounting of instruments has increased significantly over the same period, a feature similar to that of q2.
Since late September, debt-diversion, property-production policies have exceeded expectations, credit demand and bond provision are expected to expand, and industrial assets have increased downwards or eased. “crowding” has diluted, and deposit growth has stabilized.
The net circulation of the ring ratio is significantly weaker than seasonal, resulting in a sharper drop in deposits than in m2 (figure 3).q3 The impact of “crowding” has been largely eliminated and the increase in deposits has stabilized since the beginning of the year. The degree of periodicization of workers' deposits has increased with industry (figure 4), on the one hand, because of the negative impact of business current deposits on “crowding” and, on the other hand, because demand is higher.
Since “9.24, macro-policies have been scaled up, and the effects have gradually become apparent, believing that subsequent booms in the real estate market and the recovery of consumption will ease the pressure on deposits. The effect of interest reduction on deposits is evident, with improved interest rates contributing to a small recovery in the one-season spread.
Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398): Growth in size, on the other hand, due to the higher issuance of government debt and lower interest rates in recent years, the ratio of low bonds in the bond portfolio was lower. Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398): less credit growth.
Upgraded. At the end of the liability, the q3 rate of interest is measured at 1.79%, a decrease of about 20bps in the same year, mainly in the form of multi-wheel deposit reduction and the management of the heavy pricing effect of “hand-for-work” payments. Looking to the city later, the interest rate on stock housing loans and the decrease in lpr form a comparison to the rate of interest-bearing next year.
At the same time, the effect of interest reduction on q1 deposits next year will be more pronounced, with a greater degree of cushioning of downward pressure on assets, a combination of geese effects, solid asset quality - company fees and commission revenue continue to decline significantly due to market factors.
Still largely affected by such factors as cost reduction policies, weak capital market performance, slowing consumption among the population, wealth management, asset management, guarantee commitments, bank cards, etc. (figure 6 shows) are still significantly behind charges. Policy shifts since “9.24” have been positive for capital markets and have had a positive impact on wealth management fees. At the same time, costs have been diluted, q4 insurance surrogates have been processed.
Based on the above, it is assumed that the q4 fee and commission revenue reduction will be significantly reduced. The negative rate is stable, with a small increase in the provision coverage.
In view of the decline in poor concentration rates in manufacturing, rental and commercial services, real estate, and wholesale retailing in the first half of the year (as shown in figure 9), it is expected that there will be a steady improvement in the quality of the public loan assets. Overall, although a loan disturbance still exists, it is expected that macro-policy additions to the quality of public assets will be successful.
Quantities forecast and investment suggest that q3 interest rates drive interest differentials to improve, and we slightly increase our 2024 income target. At the same time, October is projected to have a negative impact on next year’s overall interest differentials, with interest rates on stock loans and deposits expected to be negative.
The firm's client base is good and diversified, and it is expected to continue to operate well in an operating environment of rising pressure, currently estimated to be at a historically low level, maintaining an “enhancement” rating. Figure 32024q3 “Squeezing water” has had an impact on dilution, with steady growth in bank deposits in business and industry, with a left axis unit of billions.
Figure 42024 Increase in the share of individual term deposits in business banks in the first half of the year. Figure 52024q3 Business Banks have a small one-quarter interest margin up, with a sharp narrowing of the same-year decline. Figure 82024 Business Banks ' default rates for all types of loans increased in the first half of the year.
Figure 9 shows a steady decline in the negative rates for the four major negative concentration sectors in the public sector. Appendix: Three forecast volumes of statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.