Researchchand developmentcenter National power idm leader, national production replacements steady ahead
- In-depth report, Child Autumn Research Assistant, domestic power idm tap, national production replacement, steady ahead.
X-X-X-ray: E-M + C-R-E forms the idm tap and profits continue to increase: X-Y-Y-N-T-T-T-T-T-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
Building and sealing operations to create the first and third crystal circle of domestic power devices. The company is owned by the Hua Yu Group, which combines Chinese semiconductor enterprises such as Huaco Electronics, China’s Hua Jing, and Shanghai Technology, as well as continuous cover extension, to form a cluster design, manufacture, and encapsulation.
The company achieved a revenue of $4,889 million, an increase of 18.32 per cent over the previous year. Thanks to the high demand downstream, the capacity utilization rate continued to be high, and the company’s control of costs, period costs, etc., was strengthened. The net profits of the company reached $687 million, 1.5 times more than in 2019.
Since the second half of 2020, the production of the 8-inch crystal factory has continued to be strained, triggering demand for power management ic, power semiconductors, and so on. And because the company operates on the idm model, it can guarantee that the company’s products are sufficient.
In the long run, the downstream areas of 5g, new energy sources, among others, generate a large amount of power semiconductor demand, and the company, as the leader of the domestic power plant, can cover the low, medium and high-pressure series - 100v to 1500v, while the company has established a leading industry trench--
fs process platform, with 600v-6500vigbt process capability, will benefit depth in the future. For manufacturing and sealing, the company owns 3 6 inches and 2 8 inches of crystal manufacturing lines, totalling 6 inches.
At 8 inches and below, the crystal-round workforce is in short supply and the atmosphere is in good shape, and the company’s performance is equally flexible. The third-generation semiconductor of the forward-looking layout, which continuously strengthens the industry’s leading edge, due to the wide bandwidth, the blasting through the electric field, and the highness of the electric field.
High heat conductivity, with third-generation semiconductors operating well on power devices. According to yole, the share of circulation a (%) is 20,48%, the market size of sic power devices is expected to grow at an average annual compound growth rate of 29%, 2024
It's going to be around $2 billion. The size of the market for ggan power devices in 2025 is going to be over $700 million. With the pre-accumulation of silicon crystallines, the company now owns the first 6-inch commercial sic crystal production line in the country and has officially produced 1,200-v and 650-v industrial sicschotsky dipolar products, as is currently the rule.
As the sic diode moves to industrialization, the focus will shift to sicinosfet, which is expected to be a sample this year, and to be marketed in 2021, with a focus on industrial controls and motor electronics. In addition, companies are actively developing silicigans using the advantage of the idm.
The profit forecast and investment rating: the company is the leader of a domestic power idm, combined with products such as mosfet, power ic, mcu, and foreign manufacturing operations, and will benefit from a short-term trend of oversupply in the supply and supply sectors.
And the third generation of semiconductor devices in the company’s forward-looking layout – billions, 8,527 million yuan and 10,100 million yuan – will return to the mother’s net profit of 967 million yuan and 1,339 million dollars, respectively.
After the value and the company's prospects for development, the company was given an “additional” rating.
Risk factors: The risk of rapid technological overlaps/high industry volatility1 The market should focus on the core advantages of companies operating through the idm model and foreign surrogate construction. Since the second half of 2020, the production capacity of the 8-inch crystal mills has continued to be strained, and we believe that, in addition to demand-driven, the supply of the industry is inadequate.
While companies operate through the Idm model, they can ensure that the supply of products is not affected, especially in the current power semiconductor of mosfet industry, where there is a shortage of goods. At the same time, operating through the Idm model allows companies to consolidate internal resource advantages, and more importantly, to combine internal resource advantages.
In addition, the company has external surrogates and sealing operations with 3 6 inches and 2 8 inches of crystal-crystal manufacturing lines, totalling 6%.
Inch capacity is about 2.47 million tablets/year, 8 inches of about 1.33 million tablets/years, and is pushing forward the 12-inch line of Chongqing. The company tests an annual production capacity of about 1.99 million pieces of production line, about 6.2 billion seal lines, and 6.9 billion product lines of finished product tests (2018 data).
This results in a loss of net corporate profits, but as the depreciation years of fixed assets, such as high-value prior production lines, gradually expire, the pressure on corporate depreciation costs is significantly reduced. At the same time, after Chongqing and Huahuahua have been consolidated through M&As, corporate technology patents, etc., have grown considerably and production capacity has increased, with some scale effect. The company ' s Māori ratio has increased from 14.49% in 2016 to the first three quarters of 2020.
Investments amounting to about $2.3 billion, investments in the sealing of base projects amounting to $4.2 billion, have had a smaller impact on depreciation than in the previous period, and the 12-inch crystalline of the public administration operates off-the-shelf without affecting the company’s balance sheet and profit performance in the short term. Companies are also increasing controls over costs, period costs, and so forth, and profitability is improving.
I. The EMP + CE forms the idm tap, the profitability of which is constantly increasing,1 the semiconductor leader with the whole industry chain, and the power semiconductor with the crystal circle manufacture, which is a semiconductor with the ability to integrate the whole industry chain, such as chip design, crystal round manufacturing, seal testing, etc.
Enterprises, with products focused on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart controls, provide customers with a wealth of semiconductor products and systems solutions. Companies were listed at their joints in 2004, privatized out of the market in 2011, and in 2020, China Yue Electronics was a semiconductor enterprise under the Group’s flag, and extended M & As + C developments grew.
In the end of the last century, the semiconductor industry began to develop, combining Chinese semiconductors such as Huaco Electronics, China Hua Jing and Shanghai Technology, which, by increasingly integrating, have created the current Chinese Xuan Wei Electronics. In the process of consolidating and opening new businesses, the company developed a whole-industry chain layout for chip design, manufacture, and sealing. In 2017, China obtained Chong Qinghua from China's electronics holdings.
The company’s operations are divided into two main sectors: product and program operations, and manufacturing and service operations.
The product and program business blocks focus on design and manufacturing in the areas of power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control. The business is run mainly by subsidiaries such as HuayunChrystal, Chongqing and Huayuan. Of these, China Yunchung Crystal and Chongqing Wei are primarily responsible for research and development, design, production and marketing of separateware products and applications. Huayryon is primarily responsible for the development and application of ic products and applications.
Design and marketing. Corporate power semiconductors can be divided into two major categories of powerware and poweric products. Of these, powerware products are mainly mosfet, igbt, sbd and frd, while poweric products are dominated by a range of power management chips, which should be used mainly in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics, etc.
The manufacturing and service operations are mainly crystal-crystal manufacturing and encapsulation testing operations, which are mainly substitute services for power semiconductors, and partly modelling manufacturing operations. The operations provide services such as open semiconductor crystal-crys manufacturing, encapsulation testing, and so forth.
The company has China’s leading crystal-crystal manufacturing service, one of the country’s main semiconductor special-process platforms, and is one of the country’s top three home-grown crystal-crystal manufacturing firms. The company currently has two 8-inch crystal manufacturing lines, three 6-inch crystal manufacturing lines, one envelope, one test, and one product-testing line.
A masked production line. Tinless production lines have been consolidated, and Chongqing is preparing to create a new sealed production line, which is expected to further integrate 8 inches of production capacity in Chongqing, leading to higher profits.
Depreciation pressure has been reduced, profitability has been rising, revenue has been growing rapidly, and profits have been lost. From 2016 to 2018, the company ' s operating income grew rapidly from $4.397 billion to $6,271 million, mainly because of the company ' s merger of Chongqing Huahuahua in 2017; and the overall decline in semiconductor industry in 2019.
After completing the merger at Chongqing Huahuahua in 2017, the company achieved a loss of 429 million yuan in 2018. The net profit fell to 401 million yuan in 2019, as a result of a fall in revenue. In the first three quarters of 2020, production capacity continued to be at a high level, owing to a strong downstream demand.
The division’s control over costs, period costs, etc. has been strengthened, with the company’s net profits having exceeded 1.5 times the total of 2019, reaching the power semiconductor and crystallized manufacturing operations as the company’s two core business lines. The core of the company’s product and programme operations is the power semiconductor, which reached $1,053 million in the first half of 2020, and the share of the company’s total revenue has also increased from 25% in 2016 to 2020.
In manufacturing and service operations, the income from crystal round manufacturing in the first half of 2020 amounted to $1,095 million, although the overall share fell from 50% in 2016 to 36% in 2020. In addition, the company ' s remaining business was smart sensors, mcu and seal tests.
In terms of profitability, there has also been a significant increase in the Māori rate of corporate operations through the continuous integration of the industrial chain. The gross interest rate for power semiconductor operations has risen from 23.61 per cent in 2016 to 26.94 per cent in 2019, and the Māori rate for crystalline manufacturing has increased significantly since the previous year from 7.85 per cent in 2016 for the major core business.
Figure 5: The composition of the sub-business collection of companies (millions of yuan) shows stable cost indicators and a steady decline in the cost of sales. From 2016 to the first three quarters of 2020, the company ' s management costs have been declining in recent years as a result of the company ' s rising industry status, with sales rates of 2.18 per cent, 2.04 per cent, 2.01 per cent, respectively.
3. The National Investment Commission (NAC) holds holdings, large funds, and a stable corporate equity structure controls 100% of the shares. At present, the National Investment Commission indirectly controls 100% of the shares of Crh, the parent company in China, while Crh holds 72.29% of the shares of the company, and the company is controlled by the NAC. The State Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund holds 6.43% of the shares of the company.
The company is committed to revitalizing the national semiconductor industry, and, with large funds in place, it will continue to work to overcome technological difficulties and nationalization of the real industry. The company currently owns 20 offshore holding subsidiaries; 16 domestically held subsidiaries, with a large number of subsidiaries, through Semicobvi and crm hk.
4. Companies value R & D, with a high proportion of R & D personnel and a high level of academic qualifications, including 3,033 R & D and technical staff, who together account for 37.98% of the total number of employees. The company’s core technical staff have been working in semi-carriers for decades, with extensive R & D experience in different technological directions and a trend towards future technological development in the industry.
Of these, 684 R & D workers, 86% have undergraduate and higher degrees, and 31% have master ' s degrees. High-quality R & D personnel will help companies break through. Figure 10: China ' s share of workers (1h as of 2020)
Figure 11: Educational composition of Chinese R & D staff (1h by 2020) II. Power plant temperature ups, long-term growth space 1, up-suppliers leading to semiconductor market recovery, separate devices are a positive entry point for national production replacements
After the year’s downside, it began to recover gradually in late 2019. Integrated circuits were the largest in the semiconductor industry, accounting for about $23.96 billion. Separated devices accounted for about $23.96 billion, with mosfet, igbt, and diodes as the main products.
Global industrial transfer and multiple policies have supported the competitiveness of our semiconductor enterprises, but the country still depends on imports, and there is huge alternative space. The global semiconductor industry has undergone three rounds of industrial transfer, benefiting from the spread of pc and smart phones, and is now moving to China.
In comparison, the overall cost in the United States has been reduced by only 10 to 15%. However, China’s semiconductor industry is still dependent on imports.
By the 1980s, after the twenty-first century, we'll be able to reach only 20%.
Korea, Taiwan, China, mainland China, benefited from pc and smartphones.
Korea's going beyond the storage industry, the United States has been taking over the world, Japan through the storage industry.
And, mainland China became the first successful semiconductor industry in China, and in 1986, it became the center of all sub-manufacturing, half of the continent.
Taiwan, China, is the largest semiconductor producer with an innovative generation. The factory model is a global leader.
Figure 16: Supply-demand and self-sufficiency of semi-conductors in China (billions of United States dollars)
According to the sia, the global semiconductor market is about 47% leading by the United States of America (based on its head office) and only 5% by mainland China. By industry, logic chips and simulations of chips in the United States maintain an absolute advantage at over 60% of the market. By contrast, splitware is the most promising country to complete.
First, the technical difficulties and the required investment in this area are lower than in logical chips and storage. Second, the industry is more fragmented and national producers are easier to break through. 2, mosfet, gbt: two beads of power devices, downwind viewing.
Power semiconductors are semiconductors that handle higher voltage, and mosfet and igbt are their main products and the industry continues to grow. Power devices are devices used for high voltage circuits, also known as electrical electronics, and typically handle volts ranging from tens to hundreds of volts. Power semiconductors are divided into two main categories, one being power devices (including modules) and the other being integrated.
The power of the circuit. According to yole, mosfet is the largest market for power devices, accounting for about 45%, followed by about 21%. According to icinsights, medium- and low-pressure mosfet and various types of igbt will be the main driving force in the powerware market for the next five years.
Under the impact of the epidemic, mosfet and igbt were still able to achieve a combined growth rate of about 2 per cent between 2019 and 2024.
Both mosfet and igbt are switch control devices (which typically control power with weak power) and can be used in a wide range of areas. mosfet is fully known as the metal oxide field effect transistor tubes, which are made up of three fuses: the fence, the source pole, and the leak pole.
High voltage is conductible, producing "weak power control" effects. The structure of the igbt is much more complex, but the rationale is essentially the same, using the weak voltage between the poles to form ditches that can control the high voltage. Generally, mosfet can control the maximum voltage of 20 v to 1,000 v, while the igbt can control the superhigh voltage of 1,000 v or more. mosfet
It can also be divided into medium- and low-voltage and high-voltage products, which are generally sold in the form of separate devices, while high voltage is generally sold in the form of modules. Mosfet and igbt are widely used in a variety of areas, such as automobile electrons, photovoltaics, aviation, electricity, etc., because they can be controlled with smaller voltage.
The global semiconductor market will decline by 2.6 per cent to 278.850 billion yuan a year, followed by a “v” rebound, with a projected capr of 4.29 per cent between 2020 and 2023. China ' s power semiconductor market size in 2019 was 101,810 million yuan, and is projected to be 23: Global power semiconductor market size (billion yuan)
Figure 24: The size of China’s power semiconductor market (billion yuan) and the global power semiconductor.
Data from the network show that the top 10 suppliers of global power devices and poweric are mostly occupied by European and American enterprises, with British and Ansomy being more competitive in the field of power devices, accounting for 19 per cent and 8 per cent of the markets, respectively; Texas and British instruments are more competitive in the poweric market, accounting for 16 per cent and 8 per cent of the markets.
End-of-life suppliers increase their supply of domestic production, creating a good opportunity for domestic firms to develop. Some of the country’s top-performing semi-conductors, such as Huayun, Biadey, etc., have begun to invest heavily in R & D, even in some areas of segmentation.3 Short-term industries are in short supply short-term, with long-term growth in sectors driven by new energy vehicles, etc.
In general, the 8-inch line is used mainly for mature production, and the 12-inch line is currently used mainly for advanced production, although some can be used to produce simulations and power. For a long time, domestic and foreign manufacturers have increased production by 12 inches, while the 8-inch line has been expanded to a smaller extent.
In recent years, production plants have been dominated by 12 inches. By July 2019, China had 26 major silicone plant projects, the vast majority of which used 12 inches of crystal round, or only 23% of them. By semiconductor lines, equipment and technology were required to work together, while testing was required for long periods of time, compared with 8 inches of domestic production.
The power semiconductor is mainly based on 8 inches of work, and the boom in markets such as power management, i.e., power, i.e., power, i.e., 8 inches of crystal round supply, is currently being produced mainly because of the difficulty of equipment transformation and the prohibitive cost of 12 inches.
In the case of the power semiconductor market, for example, the demand for products such as fast and wirelessly charged downstream mobile phones is now being driven by the demand to accelerate the supply of semiconductors. The world is advanced in suggesting that the demand for large sizes and small size panels is increasing, i.e., power management and power semiconductors.
There is a shortage of 8-inch replacements, which is expected to last until next year. China-Cholel International also suggests that power management is an important driver of the market. As a result of market heat and capacity constraints, 8-inch crystal round products are currently facing a large shortage of substitute workers, some of them face three to four months of late delivery, and individual firm orders are even scheduled for the second half of 2021.
Domestic power planters are expected to take advantage of the dual opportunities of business and disease, and hope to compete for a larger share. In the eight-inch crystal round of work, there is a shortage of power equipment, which is on the verge of oversupply. At the same time, foreign suppliers are more unstable in terms of the impact of the epidemic.
Nationally produced supply chains, and because of the high reliability requirements of power devices, clients who are certified and used on a scale will not easily replace strong competitors whose production and supply rhythms are disrupted by the epidemic, while domestic demand is strong and some suppliers are in danger. Figure 30: Location of good Chinese power semiconductors and their industrial chains
New energy vehicles are one of the biggest drivers of the downstream semiconductors, and the rapid advance of electric vehicles will expand the boost power semiconductor market.
New energy vehicles are widely used as semiconductor devices. Today, countries around the world are stepping up their energy-saving reduction policies to encourage and promote electric cars to replace traditional ones. Deloitte expects that the global sales of new energy vehicles will increase by 21.65%.
It's about $1,198 million, of which the igbt module alone accounts for $909 million. By 2024, the market size of this component is expected to grow to $1,910 million, with a 13.17 per cent annual compound growth rate. It is worth noting that the market size of the sic module in new-energy vehicles will increase from $91 million to $941 million and become an important component of automobile electronics.
Figure 32 Size and acceleration of the market for new energy automobile power devices (billions of United States dollars) 2018-2024poprelicsdevicemarketforev/hev
(source: powerecronicsforelectrics&hybridelites202020report, yoledévelopment, 2020)
I don't know, sjmosfetdiscretes full sictransistords.
The third generation of semiconductor power devices is booming, and the market compound growth in sic is expected to reach 29%.
In three generations, the first generation of single-mass semiconductors, represented by silicon and thallium, is used primarily in large-scale integrated circuits; the second generation is a semiconductor of compounds, mainly for high-frequency circuits and luminous diodes; the third generation semiconductor is the newer generation of semiconductors, suitable for power devices because of its bandwidth, high shock through electric fields and high heat conductivity.
But the third generation of semiconductors is widely recognized because of their great potential in power devices. Sic is the most commonly used material in third generation semiconductors, with a bandwidth greater than the first generation of semiconductor materials, which can lead to a significant increase in the resilience of power devices. Root markets reach $1.94 billion a year, and are expected to increase at a compound rate of around 29%.
Rapid growth is expected to exceed $700 million in market size by 2025. Figure 34: Market size of sic devices (millions of United States dollars)4
Mems are micromechanical systems that are microsensors, microenactors, micromechanical structures, microenergy for microenergy, signal processing and control of circuits, high-performance electronic integration devices, interfaces, communications equal to one micromems or systems. The main applications are in the fields of affordable electrons, auto electrons, industrial electrons.
Over the next five years, consumer electronics will be the main driving force behind mems growth, with a projected significant increase in mems ' applications in consumer electronics and a rise in market size.
111.4 billion dollars, or 8.4%, of the cagr will have three main paths to development in the future: expanding application scenes, polymeric functionality, and increasing marginal arithmetic. Expanding applications will focus on increasing consumer electronics available to mems, with tws headphones and vr as examples of good applications.
In 2019, the mems market in China was about 59.780 billion yuan, and the consumer electronics could be used in a larger range of applications. According to Satisfi, the consumer’s electronics could be used in a larger way.
The consultant's data show that China's mems market in 2019 was about 59.780 billion yuan, a marked increase from its 2016 increase of 36.33 billion yuan, with a combined annual growth rate of 18.06 per cent over the past three years. Networks and communications accounted for the largest share of the total, 31 per cent, followed by automobiles and computers, accounting for 29 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively. The international mems market accounted for 58.58 per cent of consumer electronics.
And consumer electronics will be the main driving force for the future, and the share of consumer electronics in the Chinese market is only 20%, so it is clear that the size of the future market is expected to increase further in the coming years as many Chinese manufacturers begin to apply mems to consumer electronics. For specific products, radio frequency mems are the largest, at 26%; pressure sensors.
19%, and the micro-pressure sensor mcu is a micro-control unit, also known as a single machine. According to icinsights, the global mcu market pattern in 2018 is estimated to be $17.460 billion, down to $16.29 billion in 2019 and down to about $14.95 billion in 2020.
The bottom figure is 23.45 billion, and growth is expected to resume from 2021 and is expected to exceed 30 billion by 2024. In addition, Mercu III, first in domestic power, third in crystallized manufacturing, with a prominent one, the Idm model is core competitive, and supply chain management guarantees the supply of important raw materials.
With the introduction of the Idm model, companies have been able to adapt to market changes. Companies have been operating semiconductor industries for many years, completing the layout of the entire industry chain through new subsidiaries and mergers, creating two chains of industry, tin-free and heavy. With the Idm model, companies are free to regulate their productive distribution, reducing the cost of surrogates or
It is the volatility caused by the decline in product profits, and the current shortage of 8-inch crystal round jobs highlights the advantages of companies operating as the idm model. More importantly, through the idm model, companies can better accelerate R & D and quickly roll out new products to respond to market changes.
The consolidation of the industrial chain has led to an increase in the company’s ability to operate, and Chong Qing Hua Wei’s integration has been remarkable. Before 2017, China’s production lines were mainly tinless, silhouette, Shanghai, Anseng, and China Jing, which have formed a large industrial chain. In 2017, the company absorbed Chong Qing Hua Wei, with the approval of the National Finance Committee, and this has enabled the company’s operational capacity equipment to be incorporated.
At the same time, M&As have shown remarkable success, corporate Idm models have taken advantage of integrated transport capabilities, and China's net profits ranged from a loss of $362 million in 2017 to a profit of $241 million in 2018, and to $245 million in 2019.
Power semiconductor enterprises generally operate on the idm model. At 2018 sales, China is ranked tenth in China, and it is the only one of them that uses the idm model. On a global scale, the top 10 companies, with the exception of Botun and High Telecommunication, use the idm model, which suggests that the idm model has strong inherent competitiveness.
Given that upstream and downstream industries can interact with each other, the quality of companies’ products using the idm model is relatively high, and the pace of research and development of new products is faster. Power semiconductors, as they are not just connected to circuits, also need to go into material parameters for manufacturing experiments.
The Idm model leads to competitiveness in product quality and operational efficiency, and the company is capable of maintaining production capacity and achieving an increase in city occupancy. The power semiconductor is different from the general ic production and requires a combination of structural design and production experiments, so the Idm model is even more so.
The case of downstream products can be reflected directly in the upstream design component, making timely adjustments, and improving the quality, production process, and operating efficiency of the company. When the industry is booming, it is competitive, whether it is a crystal round worker or the company’s own product. The option is to increase the productive capacity of its own product.
The company’s management of the industrial chain is effective, and the supply channels for important raw materials are open. I have been dependent on imports for a long time abroad, and the epidemic has blocked imports, when the management of supply channels will have a direct impact on the company’s production and strategy.
According to the company, in the first half of 2019, the share of the company's silicon supply to the top five suppliers was 62.88 per cent, of which two suppliers, Kim Rui-hyun and Guin Seong-seung, accounted for 25 per cent and 17 per cent respectively, while 37 per cent of the supply was supplied by a large number of small producers.
Partners, good cooperation. During his development, Hua Yuwa played an important role as one of the most important guest households. In addition, the company raised its stock of extended pieces from one month to three months to further secure its production.2 Products and programmes: domestic taps, product lines, mosfet products are competitive.
The company is the largest power plant in the country. In 2018, sales amounted to $2.17 billion, and the company’s products were used mainly in electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics, etc.
With the merger and purchase of the Qinghua emblem, the Xia Yu logo has increased its technical strength in power semiconductors. According to the company’s offer, the Xiaoyu crystal is exactly the same as Chongqing’s business, designed for the “power semiconductor mosfet, igbt, sbd, etc.”
The company plans to build a new 5 billion dollar sealing line, which is expected to further improve the integration of the Chongqing device production line.
The Department’s Chongqing production line has design and manufacturing capacity, but it lacks a sealed production line, and this increase will enhance the integration of Chongqing’s production line and further integrate production resources. The company’s annual sealing of operations is huge, reaching $298 million in 2019, and the new sealing line will reduce the proportion of this sector. Moreover, the value added of sealing operations in the company’s industrial chain will increase.
After years of development, companies have accumulated a series of product lines in such product areas as power semiconductors, which can provide customers with rich product and system solutions.
In total, the company owns more than 1,100 separateware products and more than 500 separate ic products, and is one of the most comprehensive power of the domestic product lines, one of the divisionware manufacturers, a rich product line that meets the application landscape of different downstream markets and the differentiated needs of different customers in the same segmented market. The company has acquired the Iso/ts16949 quality management system, the Iso 9001 quality management system.
Many international certifications, such as the Iso14001 environmental management system certification, the Sonygp certification, and the EU rosh certification, have already been approved by customers both within and outside the country.
The company is currently the most profitable and technologically advanced mosfet manufacturer in the country. The company is currently a small group of enterprises in the country that can provide low, medium and high pressure series of mosfet products in the range of -100v to 1500v. It is also the main company in the country that currently has the capacity to develop and manufacture all of the mosfet mainstream plant structures, and the equipment produced includes trough fences, moss, flats, etc.
The fence vdmos and the excess moss, among others, meet the needs of different customers and different applications. The company sold 1.6 billion yuan in 2018, according to the offer book. According to ihsmarkit, the company ranks third in China's mosfet market in terms of sales, second only to the two largest international companies, British Flying and Ansommy, and is the largest in China.
The market share of the mosfet manufacturer reached 8.74 per cent in 2018.
Ying Fei Ling, Anemé, Hua Yuu Wei.
Risa Electronics semiconductor Company is more competitive in products on power devices such as igbt, sbd, frd, and the igbt business is growing rapidly.
The Division has set up a leading industrial trench-fs process platform and has 600v-6500vigbt process capability. According to the company, the sales of igbt grew by 45% in 2019 and by 49.90% in the first half of 2020.
The company ' s frd products perform better in reverse recovery speeds, softness coefficients, etc. By using advanced heavy metal mixing processes.
In the area of consumer electronics, the company’s products are sold for further processing and production in such well-known enterprises as Haile, America, and tcl. Power-based products are also being produced in Austria.
In the industrial sphere, the Bo Group is also one of the end-users of corporate products.3 Manufacturing and services: one of the leading producers of domestic crystal-crystal manufacturing, leading in terms of production-rich production capacity, the company has China's leading crystal-crystal manufacturing services, one of the country's main semiconductor special process platforms, and is a national platoon.
Third-largest home-grown crystal-crystal manufacturing enterprise. According to the offer statement, the company has a 6-inch crystal manufacturing capacity of approximately 2.47 million tablets/year and an 8-inch crystal manufacturing capacity of about 1.33 million tablets/years, with the ability to model manufacturing services in a comprehensive manner for its clients.
The company owns 1 8 inches and 3 6 inches of semiconductor crystalline manufacturing lines in tinless. Of this, 8 inches of crystalline production is about 730,000 pieces per year, and 6 inches of crystalline production is about 2.47 million pieces per year. The company's 6 inch production line is among the top in the country.
Unlike standard digitally integrated circuit manufacturing, which follows Moore's laws, companies focus on customizing and customizing crystal-crys manufacturing services, such standard processes as high voltage cos, radio frequency cos, bipolar, bicos, embedded non-lossible memory, gbt, mems, silicon gan, sic, etc.
Bcd process technology and mems technology are advanced in the industry. Deep-farming in the Chinese market is the direction that companies have been following for many years. The company ' s production process is targeted at China ' s strategic emerging industries and focused layouts, and can be offered to customers in the areas of power management, smart lighting, radio frequency applications, auto electrons, smart consumer electronics, object networking, smart power grids, etc.
The company has an 8-inch semiconductor crystal-crystal manufacturing line in Chongqing, with an annual capacity of about 600,000 pieces, which currently serves mainly the manufacture of company-owned products, which have trough-type and face-type moss, trough-type and face-shaped sbd, shielding moss,
Production of manufacturing techniques such as super-finished mos, igbt, ggan power devices, based on power semiconductors and analogic ic, for end-markets such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, motor electronics, etc. The company has semiconductor seals to test the production line in tinless and Shenzhen, and the circulars to test the production line of about 1.9 million units per year.
The company covers and tests the production process with complete semiconductor sealing and multi-module semiconductors such as simulations, numbers, mixed signals. On the basis of the development of traditional containment techniques, the company works on research and development of advanced containment technologies, and has developed 50 μm 12 inches of crystal thinning and high density.
In addition, the company has invested with the pipinovation in the creation of a microelectronic silicon and the development of panel-level containment technology.
In addition, the company’s first professional enterprise in the country, which is engaged in photo masking, has a leading, well-equipped photo masking facility in the country, a first-class plant facility, excellent technology, rigorous quality control and information security protection measures. In tin-free, the company has a masked production line, fully equipped photo mask manufacturing equipment, excellent process techniques, and rigorous quality control.
According to China's semiconductor industry association, companies are currently one of the largest indigenous model manufacturers in the country.4 The core bcd process technology is an international leader, with significant dedicated capacity for development.
Corporate product technologies are autonomously developed and core product technologies lead the country. In the company’s product and programme business, mosfet and igbt are core businesses, while the company has a well-developed technological reserve and maintains a national lead position. By the time the company was listed, mosfet had 68 patents, including 14 foreign patents, and 126 patent applications.
In 2020, the company mosfet made several technological breakthroughs. The company’s low-pressure power sgtmosfet product achieved a critical core technological breakthrough and the instrument performance was internationally advanced for the standard product. The company also completed the 5a-43a series of super-diversions.
In addition, the company introduced to the market the 30v series of new generation-of-generation troupe moss products, with overall performance at a national lead level. The company's international lead in manufacturing and service industry technology, with the core technology for simulating chip manufacturing — bcd process technology — reaching
Bcd technology is a technology that integrates diodes, coss, dmos into a base plate, where cos mainly controls low voltage circuits, which are usually used to make logical circuits; dmos controls high voltage circuits, which are used for power circuits. In simulation chips, there are high voltage circuits and low voltage circuits, both of which are needed to save space.
The bcd process is the dominant technology and the core technology of the leading international industry in this field. The technology of the bcd process has reached the current level of international leadership from the domestic lead in 2019.
In addition, as of 30 June 2020, four research and development institutions of the company had been awarded 13 qualifications by the various levels of government, identified as provincial, municipal and district research and development institutions, including one for provincial semiconductor technology innovation centres, one for provincial priority laboratories, one for provincial enterprise technology centres, and one for provincial enterprises.
At the same time, the company, in collaboration with several well-known institutions of higher learning in the country, such as South East University and Zhejiang University, has set up a joint laboratory for production and research, with a Ph.D. after-service 5 and a third generation of semiconductor lines, with a 12-inch line in progress and a company's vision for the future.
On 4 July 2020, during the Shanghai Moone Black Electronic Exhibition, the Chinese-Line Electronic Power Enterprise officially committed 1,200v and 650v industrial-grade sicscho Tequipo series of products to the market, while declaring the country's first 6-inch commercial sic crystal production line official production volume at this stage.
The company’s sicschotky diode product series is rich, meeting the needs of target applications such as solar inverters, telecommunications, servers, and storage equipment. As sic diodes move to industrialization, research and development will shift to sicmosfet, where samples are expected this year to be marketed in 2021, focusing on industrial controls and motor electronics.
In addition, the company is actively using the advantage of the industry-wide chain, from the bottom-line materials, from the design of devices, from the manufacturing process, from the encapsulation process to the development of silicon-based gan, whose production line is expected to break next year (2021). The company’s 12-inch production line is moving upwards.
Positive layout. According to the law, the company is moving forward with a 12-inch line. Given the large input of the 12-inch line, the company is promoting the 12-inch project off-the-balance sheet and will be re-incorporated in the future into the statement of the listed company.
The product is basic support, but the whole set of applications is a central advantage. The foreign giants are not only producing basic power products, but are using their own products to form a whole set of solutions to create strong customer stickyness. This is one of China’s major shortboards, and one of the company’s shortboards.
In the future, companies will focus on differentiated product strategies, ensuring that surrogates are synchronized with product operations, and avoiding domestic malignant competition. The company’s performance growth in recent years has been largely due to an increase in the number of new user groups, as prices are very easy to generate in China.
In order to prevent them from falling into malignant competition, companies will introduce their own technology routes, guaranteeing that there will be no conflict of interest between their client's surrogate business and their own product business, and that they will avoid a vicious competition with domestic competition against their hands. Nearly a thousand areas of semiconductors have been broken down, leaving the parties ample track, when the parties are able to make a difference.
In the event of competition, China’s national production should be replaced at the fastest possible pace.IV. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating. Main company operations are mainly in the product and programme categories, manufacturing and services, of which the product and programme are mainly semiconductors of power.
Mainly, it also includes design of ic with intelligent sensors, smart controls, etc.; manufacturing and services are divided mainly into crystal round workers, encapsulation tests, and manufacturing services. We divide the product operations and make predictions: 1 power semiconductors: in the short term, the shortage of 8 inch crystal round jobs has led to the supply of power semiconductors, such as mosfet, and
In the long run, corporate products have been applied to a wide range of areas, such as domestic electricity, industrial control, consumption, electronics, and new energy, with the current high demand for power semiconductors in downstream areas such as 5g, new energy, and so on.
The company’s performance will be driven to a high level of growth. 2, ic design and others: the business is dominated by smart senses such as mems, and smart controls such as mcu. Mems can be widely applied in the areas of consumer electronics, auto electronics, industrial electronics, tws headphones, vr, etc., in the coming years.
On the mcu side, the global mcu market has fallen slightly in 20 years, but also due to the shortage of 8-inch crystal round jobs and the rise in the price of mcu products, it will boost the performance of the firm.3 Manufacturing operations: the company owns 2 8-inch crystallines and 3 6-inch crystallines. It also has 12-inch straight lines.
The current 8-inch crystal circle is in short supply, and the company’s capacity is still at a high level. The short-term industry is driven by a high profile, and corporate performance will be released, while high capacity utilization will contribute to a sustained increase in the company’s profitability.
4. Encapsulation testing operations: The company’s production lines are divided mainly into China Yunchung, China Yu Ang Yu, Shenzhen Sai Mycko, where the demand for sealing is equally strong and will continue at least until the first half of the year. The main business is the design and production of the power semiconductor, operating in the idm mode.
Products, product lines, and companies with heavy asset operations such as surrogates and seals. The public sector adopts the Idm model, which is free to regulate the distribution of its productive capacity and is more capable of coping with market fluctuations; and companies can be more capable of doing so.
A good acceleration of R & D and rapid roll-out of new products to respond to market changes. Overall, companies, as domestic leaders, are well advanced and deserve a certain valuation premium.
The technology of the semiconductor industry is fast-paced, requiring companies to invest heavily in research and development over a long period of time. If they cannot keep up with mainstream technology in the market, their products run the risk of becoming uncompetitive.
The company runs the risk of falling in performance if the industry’s climate goes down. Fong competes, Xian Electronics University, has a five-year experience in the semiconductor industry, has a history of leading enterprises like Texas instruments, is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industrial chain, and is the initiator of the country’s famous semiconductor business incubator platform, Coffee #ic, and has assisted many semiconductor companies in the early years.
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2rd place in the electronics sector of Crystalball in 18/19; and 3nd place in the electronics sector of the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined South-West Securities in 2018 and Sinda Securities in 2020, familiar with the semiconductor industry chain. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to conduct research in the electronics sector.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.