Power semiconductor taps, fully beneficiary production replacements and high industry climates, China Rin (688396.sh) domestic power semiconductor taps, idm+foundry double-wheel drive
The company is a leading domestic power semiconductor enterprise, with its main business comprising products and programmes and manufacturing and services. The product and programme section is run on the Idm model, with a ratio of about 90% of the income received as semiconductor products.
Inner leaders, with 3 6-inch lines and 2 8-inch lines, serve company-owned manufacturing and surrogates. With strong corporate shareholder background, excellent idm models, and leading technological skills, the company’s leadership is expected to be consolidated. We expect the company to return to its net profit in 2020-2022.
The size of the power semiconductor market continues to rise, the national production-substitution-spaced semiconductor market is vast, and new energy vehicles, transformer power, aiot, etc., are driving industries. The size of the global power semiconductor market reached $40.3 billion in 2019, according to ihs.
The power semiconductor is the fastest growing in the new energy car market: by 2025, the world's new powered semiconductor market is expected to reach $4.5 billion, and the capgr is 35% in 2019-2025.
The top 10 producers, with a 60% market share of the 2021-01 semiconductor, are overseas producers, with a wide range of national production alternatives. The industrial landscape is rising, and the company’s positive layout is expected to benefit in depth.
On a global scale, the growth in crystal-crystal capacity has been very slow over the past 10 years. At a time of rapid growth in demand in the industry, crystal-crystal industrial resources have become more intense, and the cost of crystal-crystal work and the sale of power devices have been on the rise. Companies, as domestic power semiconductors, have been operating in crystal-crystal industries and at the end of idm operations.
It is hoped to benefit fully from the industrial landscape, product certification and expectations based on the size of the production capacity, product layout and technological advantages, and high-quality client advantages; changes in the core management and technical staff of the company; and continued growth in the profitability of the domestic power semiconductor, idm.
1.1. Nationally produced semiconductor pioneers, and the company ' s deep-seated foundation, with nearly 40 years of development, are highly representative enterprises in China ' s semiconductor development history, combining the country ' s will with advanced technology and management experience in Taiwan and overseas.
China’s first 4-inch crystal circle production line was established in Hong Kong by the company’s former Chinese company, Huaco Electronics, which was founded in 1983 by the company’s joint venture in Hong Kong with the former 4th, 7th and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. The company’s 2002 acquisition of China’s Chinese company, Hua Jing Electronics, was a semiconductor in China in the 1980’s.
The Integrated Industrial Group, a consortium of more than 80 enterprises in the field, once represented the most powerful, technologically advanced, production of the largest integrated circuits and separation devices in the country, and was the leading enterprise in the development of advanced semiconductor industries.
The company also has a soulful personality like Dr. Chen Jung-woo, giving the company advanced technology and good management experience from Taiwan and the sea. In 1998, the Washington Group suffered a loss due to a 6-inch construction cycle, a lack of internal ic management, and changes in the market environment.
The company began renting a 5/6 inch mos chip from the China Crystal Group for crystal-crystal engineering operations, and in 1999 set up a China-Crystal joint venture with the China-Crystal Group. With the Foundry business model, China quickly lost its profits and became the first net-foundry company in the continent, laying the foundation for the company’s existing crystal-crystry industry.
Since its inception, the company has continued to integrate mergers and acquisitions on the basis of the continued investment of the company’s major shareholder, the China-Yun Group. In 2001, it acquired China’s power plant design business; in 2002, it acquired China’s China-War Jing, incorporating 6 inches of mos crystal-round engineering operations into the company’s operations.
(b) The acquisition of 52.41 per cent of China Microelectronics in 2017, which further strengthened the company's ability to integrate the Idm whole chain; and the acquisition of 35 per cent of the Jay Group's electronics in 2019, which began to enter the automotive electronics sector. As a result, the company acquired
Today’s leading position: the company has become China’s leading semiconductor with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal round manufacturing, and sealing tests. The company’s crystal round industrial revenues ranked seventh among China’s semiconductor manufacturing firms in 2019, and third among the power appliances.
In addition, the State Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund is an investment fund for the development of the public sector.
In view of the future, the company will continue to invest in high-quality enterprises in all segments of the chain and continue to borrow extra resources. The company will raise $600 million to fund industrial mergers and acquisitions and integration projects over a three-year period.
The chain quality target is acquired to further enhance the company’s market position in the power semiconductor industry. The companies are expected to invest 50 per cent, 20 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, in the design, manufacturing and sealing of the chain.
1.2.1 Businesses with their own power are run in the idm mode. Corporate power semiconductor operations are run in the idm mode. Currently, the company’s main operations are divided into two main business segments, product and programme, manufacturing and services.
Products such as smart controllers, using the idm business model, have a power semiconductor ratio of about 90%, and smart sensors and smart controllers are still small. Companies’ manufacturing and service operations provide specialized services such as semiconductor open crystal round manufacturing, seal testing, etc. to domestic and international semiconductors.
The Idm model has high financial and technical barriers, and companies are large-scale semiconductor enterprises that are scarce in the country. The semiconductor industry currently has two main business models, idm and vertical division of labour, in which the Idm model is more demanding in terms of the technical capacity of enterprises and their continued financial investment.
Logic, storage chips, using advanced processes as a way to upgrade integration, relying on line width to increase performance and output, leading to manufacturing rings.
And the power semiconductor uses the special colour process as a way of upgrading, and the value of the device does not depend solely on smaller sizes, with greater emphasis on functional growth and stability. On this basis, the R & D and production of power semiconductor products are more integrated, involving product design and engineering.
In addition, the Idm model has the advantage of internal integration of resources, from chip design to manufacturing time, thereby accelerating product rotational upgrading, depending on the customer.
According to ihsmarkit, the top 10 semiconductor manufacturers in the world in 2018 operated on the Idm model.
The Idm model is also used to run business. 1.2.2, Idm model is higher, depreciation pressure is lower, profitability is significantly higher. Corporate product and programme business share continues to increase and is expected to improve corporate overall profitability.
The Māori rate for programme operations is significantly higher than the Māori rate for surrogates, the Idm model has a higher value added for products than for workers, and the Idm model has helped companies to leverage the Idm whole-chain advantage and build greater profitability. At the same time, the Māori rate for corporate products and programmes is above the industry average compared with industry, and corporate manufacturing is above industry average.
The ratio of business share to the Idm model is below the industry average. Increased capacity utilization and reduced depreciation costs significantly increase the company’s profitability.
With heavy asset attributes, depreciation costs and capacity utilization have had a direct and significant impact on the level of profitability. In 2016, the capacity utilization and output of the company ' s crystalline production increased year by year, with flat fixed costs contributing to the increase in the Māori rate. In 2019, as a result of falling demand in the industry, there was a decline in the use of the company ' s capacity and a fall in the price of the product.
There has been a slight decline in the Māori rate. In the first three quarters of 2020, the new energy industries of automobiles, appliances, consumer electronics, communications, etc., needed to warm back, to pull together the demand for power semiconductors, and the company ' s profit rate had risen significantly, with net profits increasing at a similar rate of 1.3 per cent, sustained high-intensity R&D inputs and many high-quality customers.
The company has a professional technical team and a strong R & D capability, and has a solid foundation for endogenous development. 2017 to 7,878 employees, including 3,032 R & D technicians, represent a total of 38.5% of the total. The core technical staff of the public division have been working in semiconductors for decades, with a wealth of R & D in different technological directions.
In addition, the company has established a joint laboratory for research and production, with two post-doctoral workstations, in cooperation with a number of well-known institutions of higher learning in the country, such as the University of the South East and the University of Zhejiang, to maintain a cutting-edge research and development capability.
Product and programme blocks, where companies have built up a rich product line from R & D: after years of accumulation of R & D, the Department has autonomously developed and mastered a number of core technologies in product areas such as mosfet, gbt, power diodes, network applications ic, poweric, photo-electric coupling and sensoric, etc.
Accumulated line of products. In total, the company owns more than 1,100 separateware products and more than 500 ic products, mainly in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics, etc., which provide a wealth of product and system solutions to customers.
The company's core product on the plate is powerware: the company is one of the most comprehensive power plants in the current domestic product line, including mosfet, igbt, sbd, frd, etc., with the advantages of dissipation, low switch losses and high reliability in the mosfet product. The comprehensiveness and high performance of the company's powerware product are ensured.
In the manufacturing and service section, companies have the country’s leading semiconductor manufacturing process. Companies have China’s leading crystalline manufacturing services, one of the country’s main semiconductor special process platforms, and the first three in the country.
In addition, the company’s panel-level advanced containment technology was effective in the first half of 2020, and the product performed more than expected. The advanced and comprehensive technology enabled the company to supply more uniforms.
At the same time, the company’s manufacturing resources are at the forefront of the country, with a high and steady rate of excellence. The company currently has three 6-inch and 2 8-inch semiconductor crystal production lines, located in Chongqing.
The 8-inch line mainly serves the manufacture of company-owned products. The 6-inch crystal manufacturing capacity is about 2.47 million tablets/year, the 8-inch crystal manufacturing capacity is about 1.33 million tablets/year, is capable of providing customers with a full range of size-based manufacturing uniforms, and the company’s high production rate of crystal manufacturing lines has continued to rise in recent years.
Based on advanced processes and rich product lines, companies form high-quality client groups in various end areas. The Department’s clients cover a wide variety of end-use areas such as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics, and communications.
The development of core chips and modular products has contributed to the further transformation of corporate products from consumer electronics to industrial controls and car electronics.
2.1. The market for power semiconductors is wide and national production is accelerating, and power semiconductors are widely applied, and mosfet and igbt are market-developed gravity. Power semiconductors, also known as electrical electronic components, are used to convert electrical power to match output power, voltage, current forms to load-end requirements.
The main forms of transformation are stubble, transform, reverse, and steady pressure. Where electricity is used, it can be said that there is a power semiconductor, with power coverage ranging from a few w (consumption of electronics) to a few gw (high-voltage direct transmission system), downstream application poles, since the creation of the power diode in the 1950s, the variety of power devices has evolved and the transistor has evolved.
Power triodes, mosfet, igbt, etc. HF controls, low-depletion high-performance full-power control devices mosfet, igbt, and third generation semiconductor power devices have become the focus of market development.
Unsourced devices absorb circuits, power semiconductor power, power semiconductor market space, applications such as new energy cars, and industrial ceilings. According to ihs
According to data, the global power semiconductor market reached $40.3 billion in 2019, and its main downstreams include automobiles, consumer electronics, industry, and wireless communications. The development of new energy vehicles is injecting a strong momentum into the power semiconductor: British flyer data, 2019.
Power semiconductors have a vehicle value of $305 in plug-in hybrid vehicles and $350 in pure electric cars. On this basis, the global market for new power vehicles was calculated at about $750 million in 2019.
One million vehicles were broken, assuming an annual 3 per cent increase in the use of single-vehicle semiconductors, at which time the size of the new power-borne semiconductor market was $4.5 billion. Thus, the size of the vehicle-power semiconductor market was calculated to be as high as 35 per cent, from 2019 to 2025, and new sources of energy, such as continuous penetration of 5g mobile phones, continuous penetration of transformer power, industrial automation and photovoltaic/wind power, were calculated.
The constant development of the power market will also boost the demand for power semiconductors. Figure 18: The main downstream distribution of power semiconductors and the large national production replacement space for power semiconductors.
The top 10 producers are all overseas. On the demand side, our power semiconductor market accounts for 36 per cent of the world's total, the single largest market, so the power semiconductor market has a wide range of national production alternatives and domestic firms are expected to benefit in depth from the national production substitution process.
According to wsts, mosfet and igbt account for 41% and 30% of the market share of the global power semiconductor splits and modules, respectively, the two most valuable varieties. According to omdia, in 2019, 9 of the top 10 manufacturers of the global Igbt module market were overseas manufacturers, and the country was only Stag semiconducted into the top 10 cities.
At 2.5%, the market for mosfet separate devices entered only the top ten, with the city at 3.0%. At omdia 2018, there were no domestic firms entering the top ten markets for the igbt module and mosfet devices. Domestic power producers have made significant progress in the scale of their sales, but in absolute terms and relative terms, national production alternatives are available.
Figure 22: Overseas manufacturers account for the main share of the gbt module market, Figure 23: Overseas manufacturers account for the main share of the mosfet device market, abbsemi.
Toshiba, Starpower, Danfoss,
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Fuji semikron, geopolitics drive the process of nationalization of power semiconductors to accelerate. Power semiconductors have a direct impact.
The performance, safety, and longevity of downstream electronics make customers less sensitive to the price of power semiconductors and more demanding for their reliability. In the past, electronics manufacturers in our country, especially high-end manufacturers, tend to favour higher-performance overseas powerware products in the selection of material.
With the impact of geopolitical events such as the blockade, China-American trade friction, the "Climate of China" and the "Word of Sanctions", domestic manufacturers began to try to introduce indigenous semiconductor suppliers to provide development opportunities for our power semiconductor manufacturers. 2.2. Multifactors add up to the industry, and prices are rising.
Many end-markets are growing high downstream, and the demand for more flowers is driving a rapid recovery in the industry. The power semiconductor industry is more decentralized downstream, the mosfet industry is dominated by medium- and low-pressure applications, such as automobile electronics, industry, consumer electronics, communications, etc. The igbt industry is dominated by medium-pressure applications, such as industrial controls, transhipments, new energy vehicles, etc.
The power semiconductor industry has been rising since 2020q2, and the recovery and net profits have been growing at a rapid rate. After high growth in 2017-2018, the industry was affected by such factors as trade friction between the United States and the United States in 2019, and the profitability of the industry declined. 2020q1, the net profits of the industry have been lost.
It's still growing, it's growing at the same speed, and the industry's high profile is confirmed.
Eight inches is the main contributor to the domestic chip production capacity, such as mosfet, igbt. Molar law drives silicon-size changes along 6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches, and increases in integration are accompanied by lower costs, but materials and production techniques are much more demanding. 8 inch crystals have been developed into more sophisticated special crystal round processes and fixed.
Low cost, combined with cost and performance advantages, products such as mosfet/igbt are currently designed for R & D based mainly on a 8-inch semiconductor power device process. 12 inches of crystal circle are based on a lower-line-wide process, with high depreciation costs for equipment, mostly in areas such as the logic of a higher Mäori rate.
Globally, 12 inches of crystal-crystal capacity is the main new direction in the last few years, and growth in 8 inches of crystal-crystal capacity is slow. At a time of rapid recovery in demand in the industry, the supply of power tools becomes more demanding.
According to the 21st century economy, multiple domestic power Idm and designers have issued price increases to their customers, and the industry is on the rise. 2.3 The company mosfet product has a leading advantage and is expected to benefit fully from the development of the industry.
The company mosfet has a leading position in terms of size, R & D capabilities, and product matrices. According to ihsmarkit, the company was ranked third in the domestic market in 2018, second only to two international firms, British and Ansomé, and the largest mosfet manufacturer in China.
The company is currently one of the few enterprises in the country that can provide low-, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of -100v to 1500v, and is also the main country that currently has the full capacity to develop and manufacture the structure of the mainstream mosfet devices, such as the trough fence mos, the flat fence vdmos and the excess mos, among others.
One and a half billion of the company's listed funds are used to expand 8-inch capacity. The company's listed funds are $3 billion, of which 1.5 billion are planned for a 8-inch high-end sensor and power semiconductor construction project. The project will be upgraded by 8-inch bcd.
The first project is expected to produce about 16,000 units per month of the bcd and mems process, which will provide production security for the company’s long-term development.
In addition, the company intends to strengthen its control over the entire industry chain through the allocation of additional funding to enable it to operate at the sealing chain, in full synergy with design and manufacturing. On 19 October 2020, the company issued an announcement that it would raise $5 billion, of which $3.8 billion would be used for the construction of the company’s sealing base project.
Measuring standard power products, advanced panel-level power products, special power semiconductor products, etc., covers mainly the new infrastructure areas of consumer electronics, engineering controls, auto electrons, 5g, aiot, etc. The cost of power semiconductor sealing is 40-60% of the total cost, and the containment directly affects the electrical, thermal and mechanical performance of the device.
Companies have multiple advantages in the area of mosfet, and actively expand their production to consolidate their vanguard position. We believe that the company is expected to benefit fully from the development of the industry and capture powerful downstream demand for power devices like mosfet and national production replacements.
Intergenerational opportunities to achieve further increases in market ownership.3 Third generation semiconductor materials open up long-term growth space for companies 3.1, and third generation semiconductor materials offer new opportunities for development
Third generation semiconductor material has a significant performance advantage. After nearly 60 years of development in the semiconductor industry, three generation semiconductor material has been developed. The first generation of semiconductor material refers mainly to single-quality semiconductor material such as silicon, thorium elements, etc.: the second generation of semiconductor material refers mainly to compound semiconductor material such as arsenic, antimony, and second.
Three-generation semiconductor material is a wide-band semiconductor material, the most important of which are sic and gan. More wide-band width allows material to be used at higher temperatures, higher voltage and faster switches, and sic has features such as high critical magnetic fields, high electron saturation and very high heat conductivity.
A high-frequency high-temperature application scenario, compared to silicon devices, can significantly reduce switch losses. So sic can manufacture high-pressure, high-power electrical devices, such as mosfet, igbt, sbd, etc., which are used downstream mainly for high-threshold magnetic field, high electro-saturation speed and extremely high electronic transport compared to silicone devices.
The rate is characterized by an excellent choice of ultra-high frequency (UHF) devices for applications such as 5g communications, microwave radio, etc. The size of the third generation semiconductor material market is increasing at a very high rate. According to yole, the power sic market will increase from $541 million to $2,562 million in 2019-2025, with an average annual compound increase of about 30%.
In the future, the cost of third-generation semiconductor materials is expected to decline as production technologies rise, and the industry is expected to grow rapidly, bringing new development opportunities to the power semiconductor industry.
The company raises 600 million of these funds for forward-looking technology and product upgrading research and development projects, 25% of which will be used for third-generation semiconductor device design and technological research. The company has made significant progress in research and development based on the advantage of the idm model and the accumulation of strong technology in the field of power equipment.
With respect to sic, the company has invested 1,200 v and 650 v of the industrial class sicschottsky Diode series in the market and achieved the first 6 inches of commercial sic crystal production line production in the country. On 4 July 2020, during the Shanghai Munich Electronic Exhibition, the Chinese Yumio Electronic Power Devices Group officially invested 1,200 v and 650 v in the market.
The industry class sicschotky diodes, while declaring the country’s first 6-inch commercial sic crystal production line, are rich in product lines that meet the needs of solar reversibles, telecommunications, power sources, servers and storage equipment.
At the same time, companies use capital advantage to expand their sic operations through supply chain integration. The company has a capital enhancement agreement with the limited public division of carbonated silicon extra-silicon transient crystals (Silent) companies in the country, with the company holding 3.24% of its stock every day after the replenishment, working in partnership with the capital.
For its part, the company’s first generation of silicone nitride devices, 650v, has reached the level of static parameters at foreign level. The company will continue to complete the development of the 650v silicone nitrous device and build the corresponding material.
Production, product design, crystal-crystal manufacturing and encapsulation testing of whole-sector chain operations.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
Opportunities such as rapid power growth, aiot development, and rising industrial ceilings. The current power semiconductor is dominated by overseas manufacturers, with large national production alternatives.
The demand for domestic customers to switch to home-grown suppliers for supply security concerns is urgent, and the policy of national production substitution is dominated by the company’s domestic power semiconductor industry, idm+foundry, which is driven by two wheels and has an output advantage, a technological advantage, and a customer advantage, which is expected to bring about a full-scale increase in the value of the beneficiary’s substitution and industry landscape.
The company is actively developing third-generation semiconductor-related products in preparation for the rapid penetration of third-generation semiconductor products. We have selected the domestic power semiconductor, Yangjiet, fast microelectricity, and neo-cleaning as comparable companies.
(3) Downstream client outreach, product certification less than expected: (4) changes in the company ' s core technical staff and management.