Volkswagen cars (600741). Performance increases are as expected, continuing positive growth in corporate development is as expected, and single-season profits are increasing significantly. Companies in the third quarter of the year increased by 12.85% over the same period. Three quarters of profits are increasing at a higher rate than they were before 2017.
The three-quarter increase in profit is associated with an increase in the upper-car group ' s model sales. In the first three quarters, the company ' s Māori rate was 14.05%, which remained stable; the cost for the period was 9.24%, United Magnus, a new energy powered car powered system.
The company's basics (update) are that Big Magnus has created the Wagon Magnus Power Driver, that both sides will work together to produce a new energy motor power system, and that the joint venture is now completely new to the public.
Meb, the global power platform power-drivers system, has a product-specific intent letter, which is expected to start up in 2020. We believe that, in the future, the advantages of the domestic channels of cars in China will be associated with the technological advantages of the Magne power-drive system.
At the same time, at present, the joint venture ' s acquisition of mass meb platform orders is only the starting point for the company ' s development, which is expected to rely on technology and technology in the future as the process of auto electricization accelerates.
In 2016, the share of revenue from the upper-gas system fell to 50% in the structure of automobile revenue in China.
At the same time, the company recently acquired the remaining 50% of the small shares in Shanghai and achieved full-equity control over them, which has contributed to a further decline in the share of the low-carbon system. In terms of internationalization, the company completed its long-run in 2016.
As a result of the integration of the interiors, a global package of Ford, General, Mercedes, BMW, etc., has been acquired. At the same time, the company has been able to quantify and quantify alumina, oil tank systems, and car electronics, which are now entering Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia, etc.
In the future, as neutralized and internationalized strategies move forward, companies are expected to become internationally competitive large parts and components. The market gains are 12, 11, and 9 times higher, respectively, given that companies are now home-grown cars.
Key players in the area of components, benefiting from the new product cycles of major clients, the progressive expansion of international markets and the deep layout of new energy vehicles, are expected to achieve steady growth in their future performance. We maintain a corporate “prudentially recommended” investment rating.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.