Volkswagen Motors (600741). Together with the giants, accelerate the deployment of new energy vehicles.
In China, 50.1 per cent of cars are held, and Magnus Technology, 49.9 per cent • In association with the global motor parts and components giants, the power of new energy vehicles powered by electric power systems, the domain cars are China's leading supplier of car parts and components, and their scope of operations includes cars in the country.
Adornments, metal formations and moldings, electronics, thermal processing, functional devices, and new energy panels. Magnus is a global car parts and components giant with power in the areas of body making, chassis, exteriors, chairs, total power, electronics and smart driving.
This joint venture, where the two sides will work together to produce a new energy automobile powered system, and in the future, where the domestic channel advantage of the Chinese automobile is expected to be complemented by the technology of the Magnus power driven system, the company will quickly take over the new powered car market.
At the same time, the future Chinese-owned China-wide electric power will provide the joint venture division with a complement of power-driven power-related components, thus creating a new profit growth point. • The joint venture has obtained orders related to the popular global electric car platform.
So far, the joint venture has obtained a copy of the public-new MEB global power-drivers system, which is a product-based destination letter, and is expected to start up in 2020, with a public package. The meb platform is a completely new public-made platform for future electric cars.
The platform, the public side, expects that the sale of the meb-based vehicle will reach 1.5 million shares in 2025 (the last year). We believe that the joint venture won the mass meb platform orders only in public.
The starting point for the Division’s development is that in the future, with the acceleration of the process of auto electricization, companies are expected to build on the advantages of technology and customer resources to expand the number of new domestic and international energy-generation customers and open up a new space for performance growth.
• The neutralization and internationalization strategy is moving forward steadily, looking forward to the future of the company. In 2016, the share of revenue from the upper-gas system fell to about 50% in the structure of automobile revenue in China, and the company’s neutralization strategy progressed steadily.
The balance of 50% of Shanghai's small shares, with full ownership of them, is conducive to a further reduction in the share of revenues in the low-high-carbon system. With regard to internationalization, companies have been able to obtain global benefits such as Ford, General, Mercedes, BMW, and so on, after completing their integration of long-fisted interiors in 2016.
At the same time, the company’s light-quantified operations of casting aluminium, oil tank systems, and auto electronics have been entering regional markets in Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia, etc., and the size of overseas markets has been expanding.
With a slight upswing, companies are expected to become internationally competitive large parts and components, and future performance is expected to be achieved by leading firms in the area of components, benefiting from the new product cycles of major customers, the progressive expansion of international markets and the in-depth deployment of new energy vehicles.
For the first time, we gave companies a “precisely recommended” investment rating. The report was made by Chinese securities and used only by customers of Chinese securities.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.