Semiconductor core equipment, nationalized replacement of dawn light Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, listed according to the fourth criterion. The fourth criterion is based on the expected market value of not less than RMB30.
The company led by semiconductor equipment, etching and mocvd cores. The company China-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor equipment was founded on 31 May 2004.
It is the leading company in the integrated circuit equipment industry in our country, whose products are internationally leading in the fields of capacitive plasma etching equipment, electrosensivity, plasma etching equipment, and mocvd equipment. Business income is growing at a very high rate, rising in hand orders.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 68.7% over the previous year, with the acquisition of equipment for the crystal mill and the end of the year with the Prismoa 7 model, the middle emblem semiconductor was ordered to reach $1.59 billion. The autonomous R & D process continued, and government subsidies strongly supported it.
In 2018, government subsidies amounted to $170 million, or 10 per cent of business income. Since 2017, 14-7 nanomedia etching machines, high-end mems plasma etching equipment, high-temperature high-yielding mocvd equipment, and so on, have been capitalized.
By carving the medium into the market, the two-reaction table is shaped to have an efficiency advantage. By establishing the intermediate semiconductor, it is catching up with the metal etching, and the demand for corrosion equipment is shrinking, so the company decides to enter the market from the medium corrosion device.
By 2016, the market share of mocvd had long been held by Vieco and Ethel, and with the successful introduction of the Prismoa7 model by mid-2017, the semiconductor had been able to make a difference.
Ledmocvd equipment, the monopoly of foreign manufacturers, was gradually broken, with a moderate indicator (2018) of semiconductor mocvd equipment sold at 57 cavity and 106 cavity, respectively, the same rate of increase.
According to ihsmarkit, in mid-2018, mocvd of the microconductor occupied 41% of the new market for global nitrazine eledmocvd. Profit prediction and valuation. The net return on the microconductor is expected to be 180 million yuan in mid-2019.
The four relative valuation methods of traditional pe-, traditional ps-, reduction-pe- and reduction-ps-based systems, which we consider to be a reasonable range of 16-18 billion yuan for the medium emblem semiconductor, have benefited from the assumption that the amount of equity in the company ' s post-issuance stock is reduced in mid-year by temporary capital cutbacks for a small number of clients.
In 2018, a high rate of growth was achieved in the etching operations that will follow the procurement phase of a domestic crystallized mill. With the increasing demand for new crystallized mill etching machines in the country and the growing trend towards national production substitution, it is expected that there will be high technical barriers in mid-2019 to 20201 and that medium 2019-2021 corrosion equipment will remain at a high Māori rate.
(2) Mocvd equipment: 1) The market expansion for Mocvd equipment is limited due to the fact that the medium-sized mocvd equipment already has a large market share in the world, and the sales of mocvd equipment increased by 26%, 3% and -2%, respectively, as the supply of the led chip exceeded the demand.)
In 2018, Mocvd ' s operations took advantage of the market quickly, using a price-for-value strategy, allowing it to take advantage of its Māori (3) spare parts: 1) In 2016-2018, the MSN spare parts operations received corrosion equipment and mocvd (1) a technical management team with medium-microconductors, the founders of which were Yoon Zhiyu, Du Chihang, Masiyi, Niang,
Yang Wei has several decades of experience in international leading firms such as Intel, Applied Materials, and Ram Studies, and has great R & D, management, and marketing capabilities. (2) Medium and Medium Semiconductors are strongly supported by the state, with the first shareholder being the Shanghai Chip Industries Fund and the second largest shareholder.
The investment is controlled by 100 per cent of large funds. (3) The corrosion equipment of the medium-sized semiconductor is at the level of international leading technology, working in partnership with top-class international manufacturers such as sk-Hels, station power, Grovend and Bo.
(4) Ledmocvd of the Medium Semiconductor rapidly cuts into the market through a price-for-volume strategy and dual-reaction platform technology, breaking the monopoly of Athren and Vieco, and the mocvd of the Microconductor in mid-2018 occupied 41% of the new market for global nitride ledmocvd.
(1) As a result of the gradual transfer of crystal-crystal capacity to China, starting in 2018, the country's new crystal-crystal plant was introduced into the equipment procurement cycle, the recovery of the corrosion equipment of the mid- and semi-conductor returned to an upward trend in 2018, and the company's recovery of corrosion equipment is expected to increase further with the full start of the procurement of crystal-crystal equipment.
(2) The medium-microconductor and the battery began to work together at the 28nm stage and continued to the 10nm and 7nm stages. In December 2018, the station electrically declared the 5nm carving machine of the medium- and half-conductor was validated by the station electrically and will be used for the first 5nm-range production line in the world with the medium- and half-conductor and the global semiconductor.
Further collaboration on power generation will contribute significantly to the growth in performance of medium- and small-scale corrosion equipment. (3) Mocvd of the microconductor took up more than 60% of the world's market for new nitrochemical silicone, and the value of the medium-medium-redcvd equipment at the end of 2018 was 1.36 billion.
The dollar, a 119% increase in the same year, will provide a steady performance assurance for the mid-2019 mocvd crop. With the development of Miniled and Microlled, the mocvd operations of the mid-middle-level semiconductor have a huge impact (2) using traditional pe, traditional ps, reduced pe and four valuation methods of the reduced ps method.
The valuation took full account of the fact that the mid- and medium-level semi-conductors were high-research and high-growth semi-conductor equipment companies with comparable characteristics such as light assets, long acceptance and inspection cycles, unpredictable cash flows and the sale of scheduled products. (3) Based on the results of the four relative valuation methods, we conservatively estimate that the market value of the mid-level semiconductors will be reduced to a lower-level semi-conductor.
(1) The risk that corrosion equipment will be subject to capital expenditure volatility and cyclical effects by downstream customers. (2) The risk that corrosion equipment will not expand as expected. (3) the risk that the device will be affected by the continuous fall in the price of the led chip.
(4) The risk that the sustainability of government subsidies will have a volatile effect on the performance of companies. (5) Large customers depend on risk. 1 etching device, mocvd device at the dawn of national production
1.1 Established on 31 May 2004, with a focus on carpentry and mocvd, in the fields of deep farming and led, Micro-Memper Semiconductor Equipment, Inc., a China-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor equipment company, the leading company in our integrated circuit equipment industry, whose products are capacitated plasma etching.
In the field of preparation, electro-sensive plasma etching and thin film deposition equipment, there is an international lead technology. In the area of capacitation plasma etching equipment: when the intermediate semiconductor was formed, it was catching up with the trend of the process gradually connecting from aluminium to copper, and the demand for metal etching equipment was shrinking.
Mainly, the capacitation plasma etching device (ccp) was used as an entry point, quickly seizing the market share of the international giant monopoly. So far, the mid- and semi-conductor has successfully developed dual-reaction counters for ccp devices, two-reaction counters for plumoad-rie and single-reaction tables for the three-generation plumoad-rie etching products covering 65 to 5 nm.
Many etching applications of key sizes of rice. Electrosen plasma etching equipment: As silicon is becoming the increasingly dominant semiconductor material in the manufacturing industry of c, the medium semiconductor has been developing electrosensive plasma etching equipment (icp) since 2012 and has been successfully developed to date.
Primonanova etching equipment, dual-reaction tableicp etching equipment, mainly covering critical dimensions of 14 nm, 7 nm to 5 nm. At the same time, the membrane semiconductor also responded to the need for advanced integrated circuit encapsulation and the development of the mems sensor industry by successfully developing electro-silicon deep silicon etching equipment (tsv).
In the area of film sedimentation equipment: the membrane semiconductor began to develop the most critical mocvd equipment for the led extension process in 2010 and three generations of mocvd equipment have been developed, including: the first generation of equipment prsmodblue, the second generation of equipment prsmoa7 and the third generation of 30 inches of large-sized equipment under development for blue green lightled, powerware
The country’s focus has been on financing nearly 20% of the capital stock: the equity structure of the mid-sized semiconductor is fragmented, with the first shareholder in Shanghai having a 20.0% share in the start-up, and the second largest shareholder in Japan having a 19.4% share in the investment.
The share of the team was 3.6 per cent, of which Shanghai Initiation was a dedicated fund for the development of the high-technology industry, with investments held by 100 per cent of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund (SIFI). Domestic affiliates were responsible for production, research and development, while foreign affiliates were responsible for sales only: the domestic subsidiaries of the MSMEs had small and medium-sized affiliates.
Nanchang, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, MEXI, KOR, KOR, MEXI, MEX, MEXI, MEXI, MEX, XI, XI, MEX, XI, XI, MEX, XI, MEX, XI, XI, MEX, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, XI, X, X, XI, X, X, XI, X, X, XI, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X
Successfully launched, funds raised focused on research and development: MSMEs submitted a statement of offer on March 29, 2019, after four rounds of questioning, and on June 11, at the seventh meeting of the Review Conference. According to the MSMEs presentation, MSMEs are going to raise $1 billion in funds through the public distribution of shares, and the funds raised are going to be collected.
For the high-end semiconductor equipment upgrading project, the technology research and development centre construction upgrading project and the replenishment of liquidity, the proposed funds are raised at $400 million, $400 million and $200 million, respectively.
High growth in revenue and rapid market capture by mocvd: Between 2016 and 2018, the business income of the medium- and semi-conductor continued to grow at a high rate, with an average annual compound growth rate of 64 per cent, mainly as a result of the successful development of the mocvd product prsmoa7 by the mid-2017 semiconductor, which quickly took over the market after being validated by mainstream customers, resulting in the harvest of the mocvd business.
In the lead-up to the period of acquisition of equipment for the Crystal Circle Factory, the trend of growth in corrosion equipment has been restored: as China opened a new round of crystal circle construction in 2017, most home-grown integrated circuit manufacturers were still in the build-up phase and did not enter the equipment procurement cycle that led to a decline in the collection of semiconductor etching equipment in the middle, however, as the home-grown integrated circuit manufacturers entered the equipment procurement phase in 2018.
There has been a rapid recovery in the collection of corrosion devices for the mid- and semi-conductor. Client dependence has gradually declined, with domestic demand dominated: from 2016 to 2018, the top five clients of the medium- and semiconductor combined marketed the new mocvd equipment successfully rolled out and the demand for the domestic mocvd equipment absorbed the middle- and half-conductor total.
The business performance continued to be positive, with a negative shift in net return profits and operating cash flows: in 2016-2018, with the outbreak of market sales of mocvd equipment, the net return profits of the mid- and semi-conductors and net operating cash flows increased significantly, at $1 billion, mainly because the mid-2016 mini-conductor confirmed the loss of fair value changes of $110 million; in 2017, mid-2017,
In mid-year, there was an increase in inventory at the end of the emblem semiconductor and its operating receivables; in 2018, the net profit of the medium emblem semiconductor was $90 million, while the overall Māori ratio of the medium semiconductor showed a slight downward trend, with the Māori ratio of corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment having a greater impact on the company as a whole, and the Māori rate of spare parts and equipment maintenance remained relatively stable.
The decrease is mainly due to two reasons: (1) for corrosion equipment: for medium- and semi-conductors, reimbursement for process parameters in the use of equipment that are slightly lower than the client's expectations, taking into account current operating costs, and lower operating income from corrosion equipment in 2017, which is not conducive to cost control. (2) for mocvd equipment: for mocvd equipment, Māori rate of water for mocvd equipment
In 2018, Māori levels continued to decline slightly from the level below the Māori rate for corrosion equipment and the high share of mocvd equipment in the total M/E in 2017. This was mainly due to the fact that, while the gross interest rate for corrosion equipment has risen to 47.5 per cent, the M/E semiconductor has adopted a strategic approach to mocvd equipment in order to further capture its market share.
The price reduction brought the mocvd Māori rate down to 26.3 per cent, while the share of mocvd equipment in the mid- and half-conductor total collection in 2018 was still as high as 50.8 per cent, and as the size of the mocvd continued to rise, the MSMEs sales and management costs decreased each year: in sales fees
On the other hand, as the volume of operating income rose, the amount of the itemized sales costs of the medium- and semi-conductor rose from 6.95 million in 2017 to 4.48 million in 2018, mainly as a result of the decline in customs clearance costs for products sold to Taiwan in mid-2018. In terms of management costs, 2016-2018, the middle-cam semi-conductor profession
The annual increase in the cost of institutional services, at 7.64 million, 2.91 million and 3.136 million, respectively, is mainly due to the higher costs of legal services and related costs of raising the market in mid-2017 and mid-2018.In 2018, there was a surge in the cost of share payments, which rose from RMB 120 million in 2017 to RMB 100 million in 2018.
This is mainly due to the one-time charge on shares for accelerated options in 2018 and the acquisition of corporate equity by employees. The continued increase in hand orders and the simultaneous increase in advance payments and inventory: in 2016-2018, the advance payments and inventory of the mid- and half-conductors showed a significant upward trend over the last three years, mainly due to the production of the middle-engine semi-conductors in 2017 and late 2018.
The successful production of prismoa-7 mocvd equipment in 2017 was the main reason for the rapid increase in orders, as well as the higher number of orders in hand at the end of the period, resulting in an increase in the volume of raw materials ready and commodities distributed.
The cost of corrosion equipment signed after June of the year is 230 million yuan in hand orders, and the amount of mocvd equipment signed after February 2018 is 1.36 billion yuan in hand orders. 1.3 Autonomous R & D continues to progress, with government subsidies strongly supporting it.
Research and development (R & D) inputs have continued to increase and a large number of projects have met the conditions for capitalization: between 2016 and 2018, 49.6 per cent of R & D inputs from M & M semiconductors fell to 24.7 per cent in 2018. Currently, there are 1201 patent applications for M & M semiconductors, of which 1038 have been patented and 951 have been patented.
Nanomedia etching equipment, high-end mems plasma etching equipment, high-temperature high-capacity mocvd equipment, etc., have been met with capitalization, with new high-capacity mocvd equipment and high-end mocvd equipment steadily upgraded in August 2018, with a focus on corrosion equipment: 2016-2018, the mid-level semiconductor factored into the current period ' s gains and losses.
The amount of the subsidy increases from year to year, and the share of the current profit/loss government subsidy in the operating income continues to decline as a result of the excessive growth in operating income.
Three lawsuits were settled, and research and development capabilities were highlighted: the lead company in the field of domestic media etching and mocvd equipment, the middle emblem semiconductor, went through an application material, Ram studies, and a lawsuit by three international giants, Vieco, but the proceedings ended with a compromise between the two parties or a mid-level semiconductor, reflecting the autonomous R & D capabilities of the medium- and semiconductor and the enzyme of the medium-sized semiconductor.
The position of the corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment area. 2 etching the domestic taps of the equipment, double-reaction stations with efficiency advantages 2.1 semiconductor manufacturing core equipment, media etching being mainstreamed
Erosion is one of the core steps in the semiconductor manufacturing process, with the aim of engraving the integrated circuit map of the photorecord onto the corroded membrane, specifically the process of selectively removing materials that are not required on the surface of the silicon by chemical or physical means. The value of the corrosion equipment has steadily increased: the equipment commonly used in the etching process is an etching machine, and the working rationale is to press the silicon.
The light engraved circuit structure is carved micro-carved out of ditches or contact holes. In the entire semiconductor equipment market, crystal circle manufacturing equipment accounts for about 81%, with etching equipment, light-engineing equipment, film-sediment equipment being the most important three types of equipment in the semiconductor-manufactured production art. According to Semi, 2017, corrosion equipment, light-engineer equipment and film-sediting equipment were divided into submersible equipment.
Don't account for about 24%, 23%, and 18% of the value of the crystal circle manufacturing equipment. As the semiconductor chip manufacturing process complicates, the value of the carving equipment in the crystalline continues to rise.
It was Ram Research, Tokyo Electronics and Applications, whose market share increased from 86% in 2008 to 94% in 2017. As semiconductor technology continued to develop, the number of parts interlocking layers increased, the use of medium etchings was increasing, and Ram studies used its lower equipment costs and relatively simple design at 65nm, 45nm.
The equipment process began to widen the gap with companies such as Tokyo Electronics, which took over the global market for corrosion equipment. 2.2 Embedded from the medium to the international leading technology level. Embedded from the medium to the market. Rapidly taking advantage of the market: the middle- and middle-level semiconductor was set up in time for the process to move from aluminium to copper.
The demand for metal etching equipment is shrinking. Therefore, the medium semiconductor has determined that the medium etching device will be the main entry point for the future, and has quickly taken over by the international giants. So far, the medium semiconductor has successfully developed a dual-reaction counter for the ccp device.
Three generations of primosschd-rie etching machine products from the Primoad-rie and single-reaction stations, developed a single-reaction station phermonanova etching device, a dual-reaction platform primotsv etching device, and numerous etching applications covering 65 nm to 5 nm critical dimensions.
Dual-reactive station technology achieves productivity advantages: the two-reactive station high-productivity technique used by medium- and semi-conductors in corrosion equipment gives them a greater advantage in productivity and equipment costs. While dual-reactive technology is not unique to medium- and semi-conductor technology, the uniqueness of medium- and semi-conductor dual-reaction station technology is that the medium- and semiconductor has a unique plasma approximation.
The beam design, which simultaneously achieves independent radio frequency control, allows each reactor to be controlled relatively independently, thereby optimizing the equipment's corrosion equipment, such as the microconductor primod-rie, primoad-rie and Tsv, using the high output technology of a two-reaction counter, with six separate reaction stations and three two-reaction stations.
Client certification and industrial integration of nanocoating applications are good. The equipment procurement period has returned to an upward trend: in 2017, the sales and operating income of corrosion equipment declined as local integrated circuit manufacturers entered in 2018, as a result of a temporary drop in capital investment expenditure on a few customers’ equipment.
During the period of acquisition of the equipment, the recovery of corrosion equipment from the mid- and semi-conductor quickly recovered, with a 95.7 per cent increase over the same period. The average sales price of corrosion equipment decreased by 9.0 per cent in 2018, mainly as a result of an increase in sales revenue for the primossc ad-rie type of corrosion equipment from the mid- and semi-conductor, which is a single cavity single-reaction station, compared to the other companies.
Multi-reactive station equipment is sold at a relatively low price. The cap semiconductor's corrosion equipment has already taken its place on the domestic market: the share of the orders for the corrosion equipment purchased by two nationally known chip manufacturers and a nationally known logical circuit manufacturing enterprise, which have recently been publicly tendered, is as follows:
For example, the share of orders in the medium semiconductor was 15 per cent, 17 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively. Downstream demand boosted and hand orders rose significantly: the medium semiconductor used mainly a marketed production model, with order-based production dominated by production supported by small stocks, and was able to adjust in a timely manner to changes in market demand.
As domestic semiconductor manufacturers entered the equipment procurement period in 2018, the corrosion equipment of the intermediate semiconductor increased significantly in hand orders. Currently, the main clients of the intermediate corrosion equipment are a battery, a core international, Hercules, Yangtze storage, Grovend,
The state strongly supports and autonomous R & D continues to progress: from 2016 to 2018, the amount of government subsidies for corrosion equipment, which account for current gains and losses, has been maintained at a high level. The ccp of the medium- and semiconductor is a high-energy ion to carve oxidate, nitrogen, etc.
The material will be developed for corrosion on 64 floors and above: icp will carve single crystal silicon, multi-crystal silicon, and will develop for deep silicon etching, including cos sensors, power devices, etc. The size of the future market will be higher than cccp, as projected by the mid- and semiconductor conductors.
Downstream demand is growing across the border, with the middle emblem semiconductor actively preparing: as the width of the line shrinks and the chip structure becomes 3d, crystals are starting to develop towards more advanced processes like 7 nm and 5 nm. Because of the wavelength limitations of traditional impregnated light engraved machines, the microstructure of 14 nm and below requires a combination of plasma etching and thin membrane deposits.
– Multiple template effects, resulting in increased processing steps and demand for corrosion equipment. Micro- and semiconductors actively face the technical challenges posed by the development of demand for downstream products, and are currently using ccp and icp corrosion devices for circuit etching below 7 nanometers, and ccp etching for 3dnand storages on 128 and above.
Erosion equipment, tsv etching equipment for high-end mems production, etc., has reached international advanced levels. 3mocvd equipment international tap, prismoa7 is as big as the 3.1led market and mocvd holdings are rising steadily
The production process of the led chip can be broadly divided into five main components: liner production, extended growth, chip manufacturing, encapsulation and application, where the led growth refers to the formation of semiconductor photoluminous film using various growth methods at the bottom of the led, which is the most demanding process for production equipment and technical processes during the led production process.
Currently, the dominant technology for the production of high-intensity led extensions is mocvd, which typically buys more than half of the total inputs of the led line, so the number of mocvd equipment is a visual indicator of the capacity of the led manufacturer. The led chip market is expanding rapidly, and domestic manufacturers dominate: in 2016-2018, the global capacity of led was significant.
The rise was 58% in 2017 and 28% in 2018. At the same time, the national production of the led chip, which by 2018 was as high as 69%, meant that the price of the led chip gradually shifted to mainland China.
The rapid development of the national production of the led chip industry has led to a rapid increase in the demand for mocvd equipment: in 2013-2017, China increased its holdings from 1,017 to 1718, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18%. According to the ledinide, China has become the world’s largest demand market for mocvd equipment, and the share of mocvd equipment in the world has exceeded its share.
3.2 The surge in sales has led to a rapid break in international monopoly sales of Prismoa7: in 2017, the ultra-reactive mocvd device, developed autonomously by the Mid-Insignment Semiconductor, performed well, gained broad client recognition, and the volume of sales increased.
The sales of medium semiconductor mocvd equipment were 57 cavity and 106 cavity, respectively, increasing by 3304.7%, and the tactical reduction was significant: in 2016, the Mocvd equipment sold by medium semiconductor was of the Prismodblue model, with a relatively low average sales price; in 2017, the Mocvd equipment sold by the middle semiconductor was sold.
The market performance of the new product and the strategic price reductions have led to a significant increase in sales averages: in 2018, the MSM's mocvd equipment was strategically reduced in order to further increase market share, resulting in a temporary reduction in sales averages and Māori rates.
In mid-2018, Mocvd equipment sales generated $830 million, exceeding Viico and Ethio. With the continued demand for mocvd equipment downstream, the production capacity of the Mocvd semiconductor was able to cope with the explosive growth in downstream demand.
At present, the main clients of the Mocvd device, which is the semiconductor of the Central Insignia, are PV3, PV, PV, PV, etc. Focusing on the nitrous mocvd market, quickly breaking the international monopoly: the mocvd equipment is currently used mainly for nitrified selenium.
The external growth of base and arsenic thorium-based semiconductor materials showed that, according to ledinside data, 215 new thorium-based mocvd were added in 2018, 65 new thorium-based mocvd were added, and some 77 per cent of the total market share of mocvd was added.
Until 2016, the market share of mocvd was split between the U.S. Veeco and the German Aixtrom. With the successful introduction of the Prismoa7-type nitrodmocvd device by mid-2017, the monopoly of foreign manufacturers was gradually broken, and by the end of 2018 there were more than 1,100 central half-conductors.
According to ihsmarkit, in mid-2018, mocvd of the microconductor took up 41% of the new market for global nitrazine silicone with mocvd. The led market is promising, and the demand for mocvd is expected to rise: new applications and technologies in the led industry, such as blue light.
Red yellow light, deep UV, and miniled, microled, third generation semiconductor devices, etc. require support for mocvd devices, which will further expand the market size of mocvd devices. This will reach $1.22 billion a year, with a combined growth rate of 33% in 2017-2022.
Microconductors are actively facing the challenges posed by the new technology of led, nitrous mocvd equipment based on mini led and microlled applications, mocvd equipment based on power semiconductor applications, etc.
Small etching operations fell in mid-year as a result of a temporary cut in capital spending by a small number of clients, allowing for a higher rate of growth in the etching operations that would have benefited from the procurement period for the inner crystal mill in 2018. As the demand for new crystalline mills in the country progresses,
Increased growth and a growing trend towards national production substitution are expected to maintain a high rate of growth in the mid-2019 - 20201 corrosion operations and a high Māori rate of 49 per cent for the minor corrosion equipment. (2) Mocvd equipment: 1) due to the large market share of the medium-sized mocvd equipment in the world ...
Market expansion for micro-mocvd equipment is limited and, as the supply of led chips continues to deteriorate in excess of demand, is subject to a reduction in the procurement requirements of downstream chip manufacturers for equipment, with (3) spare parts for mocvd equipment projected to be mini-middle 2019-2021: 1) in 2016-2018, corrosion equipment and mocvd were captured by medium-sized micro-equipment spare parts operations
Traditional pe valuation: The average of the semiconductor equipment industry represented by the five companies was 44.9 times the average in 2019, as the semiconductor semiconductor equipment was selected for a share of the company listed in the North, Hasegawa Technology, Precision Electronics, Pure Technology and Transistor Power as a medium semiconductor comparison company. As the medium emblem semiconductor is primarily oriented towards the etching equipment of the integrated circuit manufacturing chain, and the led extrapolation process
The mocvd equipment, which is characterized by high technical barriers and a large market size, is much more technically difficult than panel equipment, photovoltaic equipment, etc., so we think that the medium semiconductor pe should be higher than the average in the semiconductor equipment industry, considering that the northern Chinese conjurers and cvd are engaged in hunting, which is close to the core of the medium semiconductor, because
Here, we have chosen North China as the main counterpart of the Medium Semiconductor. However, given that North China created 79.7 times as many pe in 2018 and Schenwan electronics in 25 x, we believe that North China should be split out of the Electronic Devices business and the value level of its semiconductor equipment business should be more consistent with the valuation of the Medium Semiconductor.
The business is $220 million and the electronic component business is $170 million. Since the electronic component industry averaged 25 x in 2019, we extrapolate the North Chinese semiconductor equipment business from 120.6x in 2019, assuming that the North is currently valued at $140 billion, corresponding to a market space of $144,21.6 billion.
Traditional ps valuation method: Due to the high technical barriers to semiconductor frontal equipment and the need for sustained high R & D inputs, the net interest rates of the mid- and north-western semiconductors have been eroded, significantly below the industry average net interest rate level, of which the mid-conductor is 35.5 per cent in 2018, the R & D input ratio is 24.7 per cent, and the net interest rate is 5.5 per cent.
The semiconductor is still in a high and long-term state, characterized by relatively light assets, insufficient cash flow predictability, and non-methodological effects of some operations, so the traditional pe valuation method is somewhat limited in relation to the Chinese emblem. For high growth and high R & D medium and medium, the increase in sales income is more reflective of its ability to grow and its true value, so we choose ps.
The average of the semiconductor equipment industry, represented by five comparable companies, was 7.5 times higher in 2019, and the average of the remaining four companies after the removal of Hasegawa technology was 5.7 times higher in 2019, given that the technology was too high in Hasegawa.
Compared to international semiconductor equipment leading companies in maturity, such as applied materials, Ram studies, Asma, and Cordell... the valuation levels of pe and ps for long-term domestic equipment manufacturers are clearly high. As our national product substitution accelerates, the driving force of a self-controlled strategy will enable our semiconductor equipment manufacturers to develop across borders and gradually narrow down with their international leaders.
The traditional pe and ps valuations therefore have some limitations on the semiconductor, a high-research and high-growth semiconductor, of the North’s Chinese invention and micro-medium semiconductor. We have previously introduced semiconductor devices in One of the Valuation Methodology: Semiconductors – for the first time, in the case of the North’s creation.
The reductive pe-ps valuation method that we have proposed is basically the same as that of the membrane semiconductor. (Profits + R & D costs) The reductive pe valuation method: for traditional pe-based valuation methods, it is high in China and the North.
The net profit level has been reduced by R & D inputs, which do not fully reflect the profitability of China in the Middle and North. To this end, we propose that the medium market value be estimated by reversibility of R & D costs, with the value formula of the ref.pe valuation being: market value/(profit + R & D expenditure* costing rate).
According to the reductive pe valuation formula, we expect a 36.3-fold reduction of pe in the north, taking into account that Mt. Mt. is in a high range. R & D costing rates were 51.1 per cent in 2017 and 52.4 per cent in mid-2018, respectively, taking into account M & M capital (income + advance payment) reduction ps valuation method: for the traditional ps valuation method, because of semiconductor front-track equipment
A high cost, long delivery certification cycle and a variety of performance specifications, with a medium semiconductor and a North Chinese invention typically ordered for sale, first charging a percentage of the customer's advance payment and then drawing up production plans based on orders, usually for 6-12 months, leaving current operating income insufficient to capture the income-generating capacity of the North and the South.
The value of the regressive ps valuation formula is market value/(income + increment/precedent ratio of current advance payments).
We've received advance payments from Mid-Norwegian and North Chinese in 2017-2018, in hand orders ... in advance and in hand orders, and, according to the reductive ps formula, we've projected a reduction of ps. 4.9 for North Chinese, taking into account the high rate of development in China and China, and based on the four valuation methods, we've conservatively estimated that the market value of the medium semiconductor will be between $16 billion and $18 billion.
1) The semiconductor industry has a downside risk. The corrosion of equipment is subject to the volatility and cyclicality of capital spending by downstream customers. The volatility of demand for semiconductor end-products leads to fluctuations in capital spending by crystal-circle plants, which reduce their capacity to produce and reduce the procurement of corrosion equipment, which is still in the middle and long term.
2) The client of the corrosion device does not extend as much as expected. While the semiconductor is technologically advanced, the market share of the capacitated plasma etching equipment was only 1.4% in mid-2018, and the miniature corrosion equipment usually has to undergo a three- to five-year certification cycle for entering the crystalline of the international first-class plant.
3) the risk that the ledmocvd device will be affected by the continuous fall in the price of the led chip. With the increasing oversupply of the led chip since 2018 and the impact of the significant capital increase in the led chip expenditure in 2018, 2019
There may be a significant decline in the increase in domestic ledmocvd. 4) The risk of volatility in corporate performance due to the sustainability of government subsidies. 5) Large clients depend on risk.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.