As the first venture, the company is a China-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor microprocessor. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor equipment, providing highly competitive high-end equipment to global integrated circuits and led chip manufacturers.
High-quality services for global semiconductor manufacturers and their associated high-tech start-up industry companies that offer process equipment and process technology solutions that help them upgrade technology, improve production efficiency, and reduce production costs. Of these, the company ' s mocvd equipment leads the industry ' s customers.
The company has become the world’s leading producer of nitride-based equipment in the lead-up to domestic occupation. Specific listing criteria selected by issuers: expected market value is no less than RMB3 billion, and more recently
Domestic policies support the development of the semiconductor industry, which imports large alternative spaces. The semiconductor industry is the backbone of the electronic information industry and is closely linked to the country’s combined power.
Equipment etching equipment and mocvd equipment, which is a top priority in the equipment industry. With the advent of big data, current prices, cloud computing, object networking, China’s consumption of semiconductor devices will continue to increase, and China’s market prospects will continue to grow.
Large, but heavily dependent on imports, low self-sufficiency, only 5 per cent of the domestic market for integrated circuit equipment and only 1-2 per cent of the global market, lower self-sufficiency in the market for integrated circuit front-way equipment with high technology content, and wide scope for import substitution.
For the first time, the company's mocvd equipment technology and market share are leading the world, and the market share of corrosion equipment is expected to increase further.
In terms of mocvd equipment technology, the company's Prismoa7 equipment has taken the lead in the global nitrified mocvd market, and in the second half of 2018, the company's mocvd has taken over.
In terms of corrosion equipment technology, the company’s products are in Chumong, Executive Director.
The global market share of a company’s capacitive etching is around 1.4%. As the size of a company’s business continues to grow, the global market share of a company’s corrosion equipment is expected to rise further.
There's a higher risk of technological substitution and brain drain in the industry, and the company's earnings are more affected by the industry downstream.
The semiconductor industry is a technology-intensive industry involving plasma physics, radio frequency and technology for exploitation, structure, micromolecular dynamics, spectroscopy and energy spectrometry, vacuum machine transmission, such as the most advanced technology, Choi Shigega, how to sail, Chen Moo-ho
At the same time, the semiconductor sector is more affected by global economic fluctuations and industry climates, and when downstream climates decline, the demand for semiconductor equipment is likely to fluctuate more, with adverse effects on the company’s performance.
The company provides corrosion equipment, mocvd equipment, and other equipment mainly for manufacturers of semiconductor products such as integrated circuits, led chips, mems. The industry in which the company operates is divided into corrosion equipment in the integrated circuit equipment industry and mocvd equipment in the ed equipment industry.
Cccp covers critical dimensions such as 65 nm, 45nm, 32nm, 28nm, 22nm, 14nm, 7nm and 5nm, while cp covers critical dimensions of 14 nm, 7nm and 5nm. At the same time, the company has developed three generations of mocvd equipment.
The distribution of the global share of corrosion equipment distributed by companies in 2017 The share of the global market for corrosion equipment sold by companies is about 1.4 per cent, based on gartner's statistics on global corrosion of corrosive equipment.
Around the corner. In the mocvd equipment market, where companies were more competitive, in 2018, Mocvd accounted for 41 per cent of the new market for global nitrous nitrides with mocvd; especially in the second half of 2018, the company mocvd occupied more than 60 per cent of the global market for new nitrous nitrous nitrides.
The main reasons for this are the following: 1) The semiconductor industry downstream of pc, mobile phones, LCDs, etc., continues to grow in demand for consumer-type end-use electronics, which is a prerequisite for rapid growth in corporate business income. 2)
The company ' s continuous R & D inputs, new and emerging products (prismoa7 and pprimoad-rie-e) and the continuous upgrading and enrichment of product lines have contributed to the growth of corporate revenue. 3) The company ' s high-quality customer resources and good market brands have contributed to the expansion of the company ' s business base, which has led to a year-on-year increase in its profitability.
The decline is due to the company’s introduction of a more technologically advanced model, mocvd, which is widely popular with downstream customers. As a result, the gross year’s market share and sales are being increased, and the market price of the mocvd equipment is being reduced strategically for mature products, thus reducing the overall Māori rate.
Combining the above analysis, we believe that, as a leading national semiconductor equipment enterprise, companies take advantage of national production to replace key nodes, focus on etching, equipment and mocvd double layouts, improve the international competitiveness of companies through R & D, master core technology, increase market share, shape brand competitiveness, and as the semiconductor industry returns, the material networking and big data age is approaching, companies are expected to further increase their operations.
Income, profit growth, and gradually offsetting the previous losses. Whether the downstream market will keep the view alive, whether the company will master core technology, break the international mastery of technology, sound brand competitiveness, and whether the company will increase its income from its main business and achieve rapid profit growth.
The company ' s main operating income is derived mainly from the sale of semiconductor-specific equipment, which increases as the company ' s business expands, and from the company ' s semiconductor-specific equipment, which in 2016, 2017 and 2018 was 80.07 per cent, 84.99 per cent and 85.29 per cent, respectively.
In 2017, the company was affected by a decline in capital spending by a small number of customers, with the sale of corrosion equipment falling by 41 per cent, leading to a decline in corrosion revenue. Meanwhile, in 2017, the company sold mocvd equipment, mainly of the Prismoa 7, with a significant increase in the average price of sales and a significant increase of 79.20 per cent in the unit price of mocvd equipment sales on a year-on-year basis.
The unit price for the sale of mocvd equipment decreased by 15.63 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the firm’s policy of slightly reducing the price of its products in order to further expand its market share. The company adopted a sales model dominated by direct sales. As customers in the European market were dispersed, the company passed through generations in the region.
The company uses this model, which allows for closer contact with its customers, better product-making for its customers, and enhanced bargaining power.
In 2016, 2017 and 2018, the combined sales revenue from mainland China and Taiwan Bay was 88.98 per cent, 95.38 per cent and 95.35 per cent, respectively, of the main business. Other countries and regions of the company received relatively low revenues, with products mainly sold to the Korean, Singapore and European regions. Revenue from the mainland region grew rapidly, mainly in the original.
Because: 1) the company successfully rolled out the Prismoa7 equipment in 2017 and quickly took over the domestic market, according to ihsmarkit, the company was in the lead in 2018 in the global market for nitrazine eledmocvd equipment; 2) customer investment in the mainland region increased in 2018 and demand for corrosion equipment recovered significantly.
During the reporting period, the top five suppliers were as follows: the raw materials required by companies are mainly mechanical, electrical, electromechanical, gas-transmission, vacuum, sensor, etc.
Parts such as instrumentation, aerodynamic systems, etc. In 2016, 2017 and 2018, the company ' s top five suppliers together accounted for 20 per cent of the total procurement for the current period, respectively, so that the company did not rely heavily on a single supplier.
During the reporting period, the top five clients were as follows: in 2016, 2017 and 2018, the share of the company ' s combined sales of the top five clients in total current sales increased gradually, respectively.
The company does not sell more than 40% of its total sales in the current year, so the company does not rely heavily on a single customer. The turnover rate of corporate receivables and stock turnover compared to comparable companies in the same industry is as follows:
While companies are still in the early stages of rapid growth and are at a different stage from those of well-established foreign firms listed in the same industry, resulting in lower receivables and stock turnover relative to industry averages, the similarity of corporate receivables, stock turnover and North China suggests that companies are in the middle compared to domestic firms.
The net cash ratio of corporate sales, net profit ratio compared to comparable firms in the same industry is as follows.
Core competitiveness, increased market share, can break out of the monopoly of the international poles and achieve revenue and profit continuity. Combined with the above analysis, we rate the company in terms of the quality of the benefits.b Companies have always emphasized innovation and differentiation in equipment development, design and manufacturing.
In preparation, the company pioneered the introduction of very-high frequency (VHF) to coupling plasma etching techniques; in the development of electrosensive plasma sources, the company creatively designed a new contours structure to significantly reduce the adverse effects of capacitation coupling; and in the development of mocvd equipment, the company designed a precise positioning tray locking mechanism.
The company, led by its founder, Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, has formed a stable core team of technicians, trained nearly 100 specialists and engineers, and has 381 R & D and engineering technicians, representing the company’s total workforce.
Key technologies, such as low-voltage coiling techniques, plasma restraint techniques, etc., have been successfully developed. In addition, the company’s prismoa7 is a mocvd industry pole that earns the trust of its clients.
The company’s ratio of R & D inputs to operating income in the last three years is similar to that of a share-to-business comparable to listed companies in North China, and most of the costs are used to cover employee remuneration costs, indicating the company’s focus on continuous technological upgrading and the stability of its founders, core technical teams. As R & D inputs continue to increase, the company is expected to continue to improve its international competitiveness and achieve erosion.
The company proposes to raise $1 billion, of which $400 million will be invested in high-end semiconductor equipment extension projects to upgrade the capacity of high-end corrosion series of equipment, including Primoad-rie, Primosschd-rie and Primonanova, and so on.
Upgrade of end-modvd equipment, including high-yield green blue light, high-temperature mocvd, etc.; 400 million yuan investment Technology Research and Development Centre construction upgrade project for advanced etching equipment, including advanced logic circuit ccp, 14-7 nanoicp etching equipment, and advanced mocvd equipment development, including applications based on next-generation silicone-based nitrogen nitrazine power
With this analysis, we rate the company “a” in terms of R & D capacity. The share of SME's first shareholder, created in Shanghai, is 20.02%, and the share of the second shareholder, invested in it, is 20.02%.
19.39% of the companies hold a similar share. According to the actual management of the company, important decisions are made by the various parties involved in the decision-making process, with no real control over the company. In addition, the founder and the core technical staff of the company hold 1.29% of the shares, which effectively stabilizes and motivates the founders’ team.
Comparable corporate financial indicators and valuation methods. Because of the high concentration of semiconductor industries, firms face intense competition, low self-sufficiency in the domestic market, a small share of the company ' s market, and the fact that companies have just achieved a positive gain in 2018 with fewer net profits, pe values are higher as the firm ' s core competitiveness increases.
Companies are expected to increase their market share, raise revenue and net profits, reduce the rate of market gain and return to normal areas with the industry.
Using this report as a basis for the present report, the Sino-Senior Portfolio Advisory Services team may integrate proposals or products for portfolio investment advisory services to be provided to clients receiving the services of their Portfolio Investment Advisers. Sino-Sumi individual clients who receive this report from any external source should not base their investment decisions directly on the studies available; full consultation with the Portfolio Advisers is required to make independent investment decisions.