China Micro Company (688012). The semiconductor state's producer of semiconductor equipment. The Chinese insignia company is a leader in the manufacturing of integrated circuit equipment in our country.
In corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment are the company’s main products, and the technology has reached international leadership. In the area of corrosion equipment, the company’s major customers cover the generation of electricity, China Hari International, the Yangtze River storage, etc.
In the area of mocvd equipment, the company’s main customers include domestic front-line led chip manufacturing enterprises, such as PV San, PV, etc. Semiconductor gas cycles are replaced by national production, and MSMEs are expected to seize historical opportunities.
Nets, big data, and other emerging technologies stimulate demand growth, the semiconductor industry is already experiencing an unprecedented hyperwinding cycle. Erosion is a front-line position in the nationalization of semiconductor equipment, with a national production rate of less than 7% in 2016, monopolized by international giants.
The corrosion technology leads the world and is expected to lead the way in the national production of corrosion equipment. The company is in the leading international position in the area of mocvd equipment, benefiting from the release of new equipment in 2018, with a boom of billions, 80% for the high end semiconductor equipment upgrade and technology development centre, 20%.
To supplement operating funds and optimize the financial structure. The company will conduct 5-3nm etching technology, high-temperature mocvd technology applied to UV-Led, miniled technology application and microled technology research and development topics to be used by the next generation of semiconductor technology competitions and competitive advantages.
100 million yuan and 2,784 million yuan, net profit return to the mother is 112 million yuan, 171 million yuan and 199 million yuan, respectively, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Micro and Medium Company (688012): the national producer of semiconductor equipment.
1.5 years of autonomous research and development, leading the national production of semiconductor equipment, 1.1 capture of key technologies up the industrial chain, and industry status is irreplaceable.
Research, production, and sale of essential equipment, such as plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment and thin film deposition equipment. Plasma etching equipment, the membrane sedimentation equipment and light engraved machines are among the most critical equipment required for the manufacturing of micro semiconductor devices such as integrated circuits, led chips.
To date, the company's plasma etching equipment covers a wide range of applications of micro-mechanical devices of 65 nm, 45 nm, 32 nm, 28 nm, 22nm, 14nm, 7nm and 5 nm, essentially achieving technological coverage at the cutting edge in the etching field, capable of researching applications with industry pioneer Ram.
In response to the market demand for advanced integrated circuit encapsulation and the development of the mems sensor industry, China and Micro has developed a wide range of electrosensive plasma deep silicon etching equipment for these areas. In the area of membrane sediment equipment, China and Micro started to develop mocvd (chemical deposition of metal organic compounds) equipment, which is the most critical equipment in the led device processing process, starting in 2010.
The third generation of mocvd equipment, which is internationally advanced in technology, is the source of financial prosperity in the East, and the Chinese Insignia Company (688012): the national producer of semiconductor equipment.
In the area of corrosion equipment, the company’s major customers cover producers of primary integrated circuits, both domestic and international, such as the storage of the Yangtze River, of which the 5nm etching equipment represents the most advanced level of industry and leads the world. The company’s main customers of the mocvd equipment include the first-line led chip manufacturing enterprise, such as the triam, the Huaging light, etc.
In the past few years, MSMEs have succeeded in generating a national replacement for mocvd equipment. By gaining the approval of front-line customers, both in and out of the country, MSMEs have entered the market for high-end products, which is closely linked to the quality of the super-hard products that they have shaped by their solid accumulation of technology.
1.2 The founding team has a strong technical background and autonomous R & D is the main line, and the founding team of SME has a strong technical background in the semiconductor equipment industry.
The company’s vice president, Li Tianxiao, Masiyi, and other executives have all used materials as technology leaders. Since 2004, Yoon’s team has returned home to create a medium- and semi-conductor, and over a period of 15 years, has achieved a national semi-conductor etching and mocvd equipment catch-up with the world’s industry giants.
The semiconductor equipment industry has extremely high technical barriers. The current industry has reached a long-term end, the technological barrier has become an inexorable divide, and companies that lack the technology have to face bankruptcy or annexation by international giants. Over the history of semiconductor corrosion equipment development, technology has evolved.
Quick and industry changes are closely related to important changes in personnel. SME’s start-up team is directly engaged in technology accumulation through the transfer of cutting-edge scientific talent, and maintains a high level of investment in research and development to maintain a high level of autonomous research and development.
Figure 4: Medium and Micro Corporation Development and Product R & D, first mocvd equipment product, first deep silicon etching device
Prismod-blue successfully developed ccp etching device product for amec
ccp etching equipment product Primoad-rie successfully developed mocvd equipment product
The initial development of the first voc device, Prismoa7, continues to lead the country's semiconductors.
Improvement of the Primoad-rie ccp etching equipment product, Primo First icp etching equipment product
And into the 5nm production line scad-rie was successfully developed, and the prmonanova was successfully developed.
Thanks to a long build-up of R & D technologies, the company is now mastered of core technologies in the manufacture of corrosion and mocvd equipment, and has succeeded in breaking through the technological blockade, which has been held jointly by the leaders, to take the lead in achieving national semiconductor equipment. Table 2: The company has a number of core technologies.
Middle Micro Corporation (688012): Producing leaders of semiconductor equipment 1.3 balance of gain and loss and import substitution for future growth period
With its hard mocvd equipment quality, Sino-micro has become an important promoter in the process of moving towards national production replacement for large mocvd equipment. The acceleration in the import replacement of mocvd equipment demand has made the mocvd equipment an important driver of the company’s growth over the last three years. In 2018, the company achieved revenues of $1.64 billion, net profits of $900 million, and sales of mocvd equipment of about $830 million.
Based on the fact that most of the market share of corrosion equipment is still held by international giant manufacturers, low national production rates and future sub-continent integrated circuit manufacturers in China, demand for corrosion equipment has surged, and the potential for future development of Chinese and micro companies’ corrosion of equipment is within reach.
Corporate technology has reached the industry’s leading level of corrosion equipment operations will be entering a new phase. Figure 5: Rapid growth in corporate revenue in 2018 2. Combined with huge expansion needs, take advantage of historical opportunities for national production as an alternative
2.1 The semiconductor market continues to prosper, with a surge in demand for downstream plant expansion The semiconductor industry has a strong cyclical character, and downstream product demand and technological advances are two important factors influencing industry development. Semiconductor industry development follows a spiral-up process that slows down or lags back to a more robust recovery.
The global semiconductor industry, driven by strong demand in emerging applications such as networking, wearing equipment, cloud computing, big data, new energy sources, medical electronics, and security electronics, has continued to grow, moving into a hyperbolic climate cycle. According to wsts, the world-wide semiconductor market grew rapidly from $30.5 billion to $4.688 billion between 2013 and 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.93 per cent.
The source of financial growth in the East, the demand for expansion and the replacement of national production, and the growth in the future of corrosive equipment are significant. Most of our integrated circuit manufacturing equipment is highly dependent on imports, posing major risks and pressures on foreign exchange reserves and the lifeblood of the national economy.
In this context, in order to build a complete semiconductor industry chain, achieve self-controllability, reduce imports and become a driver of industrial investment, with large-scale integrated circuit production planning taking place in the country. Intensively constructed crystallized mills will have a strong potential demand for future equipment, and they will continue to mature to the level of international leadership.
Nationally produced equipment companies will be facing future growth in order surges. 2.2 The corrosion device is a front-line position for the nationalization of semiconductor equipment.
User viscous barriers, due to the late start of our semiconductor equipment industry as a whole, are still small. Although we have become the world’s largest semiconductor consumer market, semiconductor equipment has long been under international conglomerate and is heavily dependent on imports. Domestic corrosion equipment markets are still dominated by American applications (appliedmature), American research (lamresearch) and Japanese electronics (tokyo) in Tokyo.
The distribution of the global market share of corrosion equipment in 2017 is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Central Insignia (688012): Semiconductor equipment is an essential component of semiconductor manufacturing, and the purchase of new crystal-crystal plants is huge. The etching link is a crucial step in the re-engineer integration of circuit patterns on silicon, and the current dry etching technique, represented by plasma etching, is the dominant etching, with quotation etchings etching.
According to Semi, 24% of the sale of integrated circuit manufacturing equipment in 2017 was for carving equipment, ranking first among semiconductor manufacturing equipment. 20% of all equipment purchased for corrosioning equipment in the construction of the crystallized plant, figure 9: 2017
The technology of plasma etching equipment is at the forefront of the industry. It covers 65 nm, 45nm, 32nm, 28nm, 22nm, 14nm, 7nm and 5nm processes, and it covers all mainstream commercial etching equipment, especially in the 5nm field.
The company’s HF-to-coupled ccp etching equipment (model: primod-rie) was developed in 2007 and marketed in 2008. The third generation of product prmoad-rie-e, with a precision of 7-5nm, has been introduced and is beginning to be technically validated in a residential plant, with the prospect of early commercialization of 5nm etching equipment, taking up market shares and catching up with the international giants.
2.3 Mocvd is an important step in the production of the led chip, as opposed to the manufacturing process of integrated circuits circulating between multiple core equipment, mainly through mocvd single devices. The mocvd equipment is the most important equipment in the led manufacture, and its purchase typically accounts for the led.
In recent years, the rapid growth of the led chip industry in China has led to a rapid increase in the demand for mocvd equipment, which is the core equipment of the industry. According to high-level led data, the product of the led industry in 2017 has passed the 600 billion yuan mark and will continue to grow by more than 10% annually;
New applications and technologies in the led industry are equally numerous, except blue light, red yellow light, deep UV, and minired, microled, and third generation semiconductor devices.
When many new products are emerging, the need for mocvd equipment in these areas will further expand the market size of the mocvd equipment, which means that the mocvd business harvest will continue to grow.
2.4 The expansion strategy has been adjusted to the expectation of an explosive growth in corporate revenue, with corporate income from corrosion equipment falling to 33 cavities in the year, largely affected by reduced capital spending by a small number of customers. In 2018, with the construction of new crystal-crystal plants by continental integrated circuit manufacturers, demand for customer equipment and capital spending surged, the sale of corrosion equipment quickly rebounded.
The unit price for the sale of corrosion equipment fell by 9.02% in 2018, mainly as a result of the company’s increased revenue from the sale of the Primosscad-rie type of corrosion equipment, which was a single cavity reaction station, with a relatively low sales price compared to that of other single cavity multi-reaction station equipment. Despite the lower average price for the sale of corrosion equipment, sales increased significantly, resulting in an increase of 95.74% in the company’s business income from corrosion equipment in 2018.
The Māori rate declined in 2017 and returned to normal levels in 2018. In 2017, the company built up its best process experience, strengthened its focus, helped it to improve its production materials on a continuous basis, reduced its production costs, and, in accordance with industry practice, compensated for the use of equipment with slightly lower process parameters than expected by the client, taking into account current operating costs and the low level of revenue generated by corrosion of equipment in 2017.
In 2018, the rate returned to normal levels, slightly higher than historical data for 2016. Based on low domestic production rates for corrosion equipment, the demand for equipment for new crystal-crystal plants in the future and the rigidity of the company's technology for corrosion equipment, the market share of the company's corrosion equipment business is expected to rise significantly in the future.
This ipo, China Micro Corporation, proposes to raise $1 billion for the upgrading of high end semiconductor equipment, the upgrading of technology R & D centres, and the replenishment of liquidity to further optimize the financial architecture.
The main directions of corporate fund-raising include: (1) the high-end semiconductor equipment extension project.
Upgrade of high-end etching equipment (including primoad-rie, primosschd-rie and Primonanova, etc.) High-end mocvd equipment extension (including high-yielding blue green light ledmocvd, high-temperature mocvd, silicon-based nitrified thorium power application mocvd, mocvd based on led display application, etc.)
(c) Advanced etching equipment development (including ccp etching equipment for advanced logical circuits, ccp etching equipment for storage and more advanced equipment for storage)
\triangleright 14-7 nanomicp etching equipment, etc.)  advanced mocvd equipment development (including the next generation of high-yielding blue light ledmocvdalpha, based on the next generation of silicon-based nitrogen
Mocvd test platform for the application of thorium power, mocvd test platform for the display of applications based on miniled, new mocvd test platform based on the microlled display, etc.) Accompaniment construction (including additional laboratories, expansion of cleaner rooms, additional equipment rooms and additional test spaces)
Research and development on new technology topics (3) Supplementing liquidity (1) Companies have a large market share in the mocvd area and limited scope for future market expansion.
(2) The process of building a domestic crystal-crystal plant has continued steadily, with a tendency to replace semiconductor equipment with national production, and the high-end etching equipment produced by the company still has a relatively large market space. The company's corrosion equipment business is expected to grow by 40%, 20%, and 20%, respectively, in 2019-2021.
Medium and Medium Micro (688012): Nationally produced leaders of semiconductor equipment compared to the company, the average of these four companies in 2019 p/s was 7.97. Given that China and Micro is still in the early stages of creation, we believe that the company’s market sales rate for new products is not moving as fast as expected, that the mill’s expansion has not progressed as expected, and that large customers are selling more.
Middle Micro Corporation (688012): Nationally Producing Leads of Semiconductor Equipment Schedule: Company Profit Forecast Table
The new stock price of East Hing's securities is the source of financial growth in the East, and China Micro Corporation (688012) is the lead producer of semiconductor equipment.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Midway Corporation, 688012: The national producer of semiconductor equipment, Liu Huixiang.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text are:
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.