Manufacturers of semiconductor equipment committed to breaking technical barriers. Analysis date, 07/07/2019. China-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor microprocessors. Core products.
Includes: 1) Plasma etching equipment (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching (tsv); 2) mocvd equipment in the led chip field. Currently, the company plasma etching is widely applied to international front-line customers from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm.
The company’s growth rate is stable, while, with the effect of scale, the company’s operating income has grown significantly faster than the total cost of its operations.
The semiconductor industry is a strategic, fundamental, and pioneering industry for modern economic and social development, which underpins the electronic information industry, whose products are widely used.
In the industries of electronic communications, computers, network technology, and material networking, which are the core of most electronic equipment, the technology level of the company's products is high. In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, the company has developed high-end etching equipment that has been used on the state-of-the-art production lines of internationally recognized customers and in several of the seven nano units.
Processing of key steps; at the same time, the company develops 5 nm and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of advanced integrated circuit manufacturers. At the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, the company's capacitative plasma etching technology can be applied to the volume output of the 64th floor, while the company is developing it in accordance with the needs of the storage plant.
96 floors and more advanced corrosion equipment and processes. The company's etching equipment technology is state-of-the-art in the world.
Billion dollars, taking into account the possibility of a valuation premium on the Science and Innovation Board, reference is made to the risk of loss of key technical staff and shortage of top technical staff in 2019 in comparable companies; the risk of increased friction in trade between the United States and the United States. http://www.longone.com.cn
1.1. The company is a high-end semiconductor microprocessor, a Chinese-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor microprocessor, which has developed the country ' s first medium etching machine in the field of deep-dry chip manufacturing and is a leading business in the integrated circuit equipment industry.
The Division focuses on integrated circuits, led key manufacturing equipment, and core products include: 1) plasma etching equipment (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching equipment (tsv), and 2) mocvd equipment in the led chip field.
The company's mocvd equipment is produced in large quantities on the production lines of the industry's leading clients, and the company has become the world's leading producer of the country's dominant nitrogenated nitride.
SME is based on the expertise accumulated over the years in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry. It is involved in the high-end areas of semiconductor integrated circuit manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, led production, mems manufacturing, and other microscales. By providing highly competitive high-end equipment and high-quality services to the world’s leading producers of integrated circuits and led chips, SME is the global half-crypter.
Carrier manufacturers and other high-tech emerging industry companies provide process equipment and process technology solutions to help them upgrade technology, improve production efficiency and reduce production costs.
The equity structure of the mid-sized semiconductor is fragmented, with the first major shareholder holding 20 per cent of the share in Shanghai, the second largest shareholder holding 19.4 per cent of the share in the capital, and the founder team, led by Yoon Zhiyu, holding 3.6 per cent.
The company has 6 shareholders in legal entities abroad, 20 shareholders in legal entities in the country and 8 shareholders in natural persons, including shareholders holding more than 5 per cent of the issuer's shares or voting rights, including Shanghai Initiation, Investment, Nanchang Xianhua, Capital Investment, Capital Investment,
Micro-Asia, grenade, boots, futago, oranges, oranges, oranges, and orange coasts. Medium-sized micro-equity structures are as follows:
Corporate revenue growth was stable at 59 per cent and 69 per cent in 2017 and 2018, respectively, reflecting the certainty of the trend towards rapid corporate growth, while, as the effects of scale gradually became apparent, corporate operating income grew significantly faster than total business growth, leading to a significant improvement in corporate profit performance, which was optimized after a loss in 2017.
1.5. The Māori rate has declined slightly, but the structure of the company ' s business has stabilized and 9.29%, and the level of net interest rates has changed little. The decline in Māori rate is due, on the one hand, to a decline in the Māori rate for system integration and, on the other hand, to a structural change in income between the plates, i.e., a decrease in the ratio of high Māori business income.
Low, while the share of low Māori business income continues to rise.
2.1. The importance of the semiconductor industry is self-evident.
Basic support, whose products are widely used in such industries as electronic communications, computers, network technology, and networking, is a core component of most electronic equipment. According to the International Monetary Fund, the output per $1 semiconductor chip can drive the $10 output of the relevant electronic information industry and bring with it $100 gdp, the magnification effect of the value chain.
The semiconductor sector is important to the national economy. The semiconductor is closely linked to the process of information security development, which is seen by governments around the world as the backbone of the country, and the development level of the semiconductor sector is gradually becoming the combined strength of the country.
Historically, the semiconductor industry has followed a spiral upward pattern, with new technologies driving new industries. Since its inception, the semiconductor core transistors have led to a surge in the global semiconductor industry from the 1950’s to the 1990’s.
The global semiconductor industry has recovered in recent years, driven by strong demand in emerging applications, such as physical networking, wearable equipment, cloud computing, big data, new energy, medical electronics, and security electronics. According to Wsts, the global semiconductor market grew from $305.6 billion between 2013 and 2018.
Rapidly increased to $468.8 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.93 per cent. The semiconductor industry has followed a spiral of upswing, slowing down or falling back will again experience a stronger recovery.
The semiconductor industry has followed Moore's laws in the past, and the transistor density doubles every 18-24 months. Advances in information technology are the main driving force behind this, along with the wider spread of electronics in human life and the revolution in new industries such as networking and artificial intelligence, which have given impetus to the next round of evolution of the industry as a whole, and semiconductor industries.
China's semiconductor status - demand is far from supply - needs-side analysis, and as the economy continues to grow, China has become the world's largest producer and consumer of electronics.
According to icinsights, the size of the national semiconductor integrated circuit market increased from $82 billion to $155 billion in mid-2018 alone, with a combined annual growth rate of about 13.58%. In the future, with the Internet, big data, cloud computing, object networking, artificial intelligence, high technology industries such as 5g, and
Further development of the strategic and emerging industries, China’s consumption of semiconductor devices will continue to increase, and China will become the most dynamic and promising market area for semiconductors worldwide. 2.4. Semiconductor equipment is growing at a relatively higher rate, but is dominated by foreign manufacturers
Since 2013, the global semiconductor sector has also seen an increase in the market for semiconductor equipment, as the overall climate of the semiconductor industry has risen. According to Semi, global sales of semiconductor equipment increased from about $31.8 billion in 2013 to an estimated $62.1 billion in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 14.33%, which is higher than the global market for semiconductor devices during the same period.
The global semiconductor equipment market is currently dominated by foreign manufacturers, with industries showing a highly monopolistic pattern of competition. According to vlsiresearch, the global sales of semiconductor equipment systems and services in 2018 amounted to $81.1 billion, of which the top five semiconductor equipment manufacturers, owing to their early start-up advantages, such as finance, technology, customer resources, brand names, etc.
In the above-mentioned international first-class companies, Asma has a monopoly on light-engineing equipment. Application materials, Tokyo electronics, and pan forest semiconductors are the three-strengths that provide process equipment such as plasma etching and film deposition.
2.5. Demand-side analysis of the domestic semiconductor equipment industry shows that sales of semiconductor equipment in mainland China in 2018 were estimated at $12.8 billion, an increase of 56 per cent over the same period, about 21 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment market, after Korea.
From supply-side analysis, the Chinese Association of Electronic Specialized Equipment Industries (ICAE) estimates sales of semiconductor equipment at 10.9 billion yuan in 2018, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 13%.
Equipment such as integrated circuits, leds, panels, photovoltaics, etc., in fact only about 5 per cent of the domestic market for integrated circuit equipment and only 1-2 per cent of the global market, with lower self-sufficiency in the market for the most technology-intensive integrated circuit front lane equipment.
Integrated circuit equipment includes crystal circle manufacturing equipment, encapsulating equipment and testing equipment, and the market size of crystal circle manufacturing equipment is 80 per cent larger than the overall market size of integrated circuit equipment.Crystal circle manufacturing equipment can be classified into more than ten categories of etching, light etching, film deposition, detection, coating, etc.
The total combined investment usually accounts for about 75 per cent of the total investment in the entire crystal circle plant, with corrosion equipment, light engraved equipment, thin membrane sediment equipment being the three most important types of equipment in the production process in the front of the integrated circuit.
The engraving and film deposition equipment accounted for approximately 24 per cent, 23 per cent and 18 per cent of the value of crystal circle manufacturing equipment, respectively. http://www.longone.com.cn Figure 112017 shows sales of various types of equipment on integrated circuits
Nano, 5 nano, and more advanced process development. Because of wavelength limitations on the commonly used impregnated light engraved machines, the microstructure of the logical devices up to 14 nanometres will be processed through a combination of plasma etching and thin film deposition - multiple template effects, which will increase the processing steps of the equipment. The corrosion and thin film deposition equipment is expected to become more sophisticated.
Key and most invested equipment. According to the Semi statistics, the market size of various types of crystal round manufacturing equipment as of 2017 has changed as follows: In the area of corrosion equipment, where demand is growing faster, industry concentration is higher, and pan forest semiconductors are in the market for corrosion equipment.
With the increase in the number of intersets of instruments in integrated circuits and the increasing use of corrosion devices, the pan forest semiconductor gradually outpaced applications from the 65 nm, 45 nm equipment market and Tokyo Electronics, as a result of its complete corrosion equipment package.
The market share of the pan forest semiconductor in the corrosion equipment industry has risen from about 45% in 2012 to about 55% in 2017, largely replacing the market share of Tokyo electronics. The second-ranking market share of Tokyo electronics has fallen from 30% in 2012 to 20% in 2017.
About 19 per cent of the market share a year. The top three companies accounted for 94 per cent of the total market share of corrosion equipment in 2017.
The led industrial chain consists of liner processing, led outer chip production, chip manufacturing, and device encapsulation. The main equipment to be involved in the chain is: single-crystal, multiline cutter, mocvd, mocvd, mcvd, light etching, cleaning, detection equipment for the manufacture of chips; and patch machines, crystal fixers, welding tables, etc. for sealing.
The preparation of the led extension is an important step in the production of the led chip, which, unlike the manufacturing process of integrated circuits that circulate between multiple core devices, is achieved mainly through the mocvd single device. The mocvd equipment, which is the most important equipment in the led manufacture, is typically purchased for more than half of the total input of the led production line, and the number of mocvd equipment is therefore available.
In recent years, the rapid development of the led chip industry in China has led to the need for mocvd equipment as the core equipment of the industry.
According to Ledinside, China has become the world’s largest market for mocvd equipment, with mocvd holding more than 40% of the world’s equipment. Now, mocvd equipment downstream uses mostly blue light, while blue light is used mainly in lighting.
The combination of lightled and fluorescent powder has created a new generation of lighting markets that replace incandescent lamps and fluorescent lamps. More noteworthy, blue lightled is inextricably linked to nitrogenated argon. The key to a breakthrough in the development of blue lightled is that scientists find nitrogenated argon, a semiconductor material with a larger restricted bandwidth.
Currently, mocvd equipment is used mainly for the growth of nitrazine-based and arsenic-based semiconductor materials, with 215 new nitrazine-based mocvds added throughout the year, 65 new nitrazine-based mocvds, and nitrazine-based mocvds accounting for 77 per cent of the total market share of mocvd.
In addition to blue light-led, mocvd devices, which can be used in green light-led, red light-led, deep UV-led, as well as in a number of emerging areas such as miniled, microled, powerware, etc., the market size of mocvd devices is expected to increase further in the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, where high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used in the most advanced of internationally recognized customers.
On the production line and for the processing of a number of key steps in the 7 nm device; at the same time, the company develops 5 nm and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of the advanced integrated circuit manufacturer. At the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, the company's electromechanics and plasma etching equipment technology can be applied to the volume production of the 64th floor, while the company is developing them in accordance with the needs of the storage plant.
96 floors and more advanced etching equipment and processes. The company's etching equipment technology is at the world level, in line with industrial developments. The company's products are industrialized for processing from 65 nanometres to 7 nanometers. Customer validation of the 7 nanometres and 5 nanometers component etching applications is under way and the industry is well integrated.
At the same time, the company ' s mocvd equipment prsmod-blue, prsmoa7 achieves a single-clan capacity of 14 inches and 34 inches of single-clan 4 inches of extension processing, respectively. The company ' s presmoa7 equipment technology is prominent and has taken a leading position in the global nitrification market of zolpidmovd.
The company is developing larger-sized mocvd equipment, which will help the industry to move forward. The production of red yellow light, ultraviolet light, power devices, etc. requires mocvd equipment, which is yet to be further developed.
The company is also developing mocvd equipment to cover the UV-red, miniled market and to further integrate it with industrial development. 4.2. Strong R & D capabilities, with core technology.
During the opening of the electrovolonic plasma etching device, companies pioneered very high frequency of coupling plasma etching technology; and in the development of the electro-sensive plasma source, the public authorities emphasized innovation and differentiation in the development, design and manufacture of equipment.
The company has creatively designed new contours to significantly reduce the adverse effects of capacitive coupling; and, in the development of mocvd equipment, it has designed precise and well-positioned tray locking mechanisms. Through innovation in core technology, the company’s products have reached advanced international and domestic leadership levels.
Companies attach particular importance to the industrialization of R & D technologies. Ten basic principles for the design and development of the industrialization of equipment were established at the beginning of the establishment: (1) Design to meet the highest requirements of process and best performance of products: (2) Design to achieve duplication and stability of the trade process: (3) Design to ensure reliability and durability of equipment: (4) Guarantee
High-output and efficient design of equipment: (5) Designed for equipment safety and environmental pollution reduction: (6) Designed for equipment Easy to process and manufacture: (7) Designed for equipment easy to maintain and service: (8) Designed for equipment template, easy to update and improve: (9) Designed for maximum standardization and harmonization of equipment: (10) Transport of equipment
Designed at low cost, low energy consumption, low wear and tear, and high profits. In line with these ten principles, companies take full account of the problems and solutions that can arise from equipment on the production line, so that the products they develop can be industrialized more quickly, simple, reliable and durable.
The patents obtained by companies for overseas inventions help the company to obtain specific patent protection for products sold abroad and, in the same time, to prevent the abuse by third parties of key technologies in the company's products: at the same time, patent-based protections, the exclusion of the company from patent protection in the sale of products in the overseas market can enable the company to gain some degree of competition in the overseas market.
By the end of 2018, China and Micro had accumulated more than 1,100 stations serving more than 40 advanced chip production lines in the country and abroad. The mocvd equipment developed by the company itself had been used and approved by a number of leading producers of led.
4.3. Step-by-step break-up of monopolies and industrial barriers. Corporate sales of corrosion equipment are dominated by capacitive carving equipment, which accounts for about 1.4 per cent of the global market share of capacitive carving equipment, based on gartner ' s statistics on the size of the global market for capacitive carving equipment.
The global market share of corporate corrosion equipment is expected to rise further as companies grow in size. The global market for corrosion equipment has been dominated by three companies, Panforest Semiconductors, Applied Materials, and Tokyo Electronics.
While there is still a gap in the scale of sales between the global semiconductor equipment giants, some of its technical levels and applications have met international standards for similar products and have been applied to the most advanced nano and 5 nanometer production lines around the world. The main competitors in the domestic market for corporate corrosion equipment remain the United States pan-forest semiconductors, application materials, and days.
There are three international giants of Tokyo's electronics, whose companies are highly competitive in domestic corrosion equipment markets. No publicly available data or professional industry reports on the size of domestic corrosion equipment during the reporting period, and it is not possible to accurately measure the capacity of corporate corrosion equipment in the domestic market.
In terms of mocvd equipment, according to ihsmarkit, mid-2018 Mocvd took over 41% of the new global market with mocvd nitrazine: especially in the second half of 2018, Mocvd Mocvd.
In 2018, the company took the lead in the global market for nitrous nitrous platinum platinum modofd equipment. Mocvd equipment, developed independently by the company, has been expanded to include PV3, PV, PV, and so on.
Large-scale purchases of lead led extensions and chip manufacturers, in close cooperation with the company. http://www.longone.com.cn 6. Profit forecasting and valuation recommendations
The company ' s operations are mainly divided into specialized equipment, spare parts and equipment maintenance, which we assume are as follows: annual revenue increases exceed 60 per cent and market demand is strong, but as the revenue base increases, the rate will slow down, I 2) spare parts and equipment maintenance: company spare parts and equipment maintenance revenue accumulates with company-specific equipment
The increase in sales is steadily increasing. There is a certain amount of synchronization with the increase in sales of specialized equipment, which is expected to remain stable over three years.
Taking into account the semiconductor industry in which the company operates, we refer to the risks of loss of key skilled personnel, shortage of top skilled personnel, and increased friction in trade between China and the United States.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment recommendation for customers, nor is it an invitation or guarantee to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments, and it is recommended that customers should consult with independent financial advisers and make their own investment judgements if they have any doubts.
If the law permits, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report, and may provide or seek to provide multiple financial services, which may be known or used by the company’s affiliates or individuals between the publication of this report.
The copyrights in this report belong to the Eastern Sea Securities Company Ltd. No one may reproduce, reproduce, publish, publish or quote this report without written authorization from this company.
The East China Sea Securities Corporation, a legitimate securities operator accredited by the CSRC, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. We welcome the CMS’s oversight and alert of investors that participation in securities-related activities should be carefully chosen for securities-related activities that have considerable qualifications, and that care should be taken to guard against illegal securities activities.