Technical barriers, beneficiary substitution and miniled development Caution recommended (first coverage) Li Xiao (research assistant)
A wave of national alternatives to semiconductor equipment has emerged, with opportunities to develop. Global semiconductor behaviour has become more uncertain in the second half of the year, but domestic policy support has been strong, our semiconductor market has continued to grow, and the process of national substitution has accelerated.
In United States dollars, etching is one of the three core processes of semiconductor manufacturing, the crystal round manufacturing process is developing towards 7 nm3 nm, equipment processing steps are increasing, and corrosion equipment is worth more in the crystalline manufacturing line. Companies are expected to capture 1.4 billion dollars a year in the market size of their corrosion equipment.
There is a huge potential in the market of miniled and microlled, and the demand for mocvd equipment is expected to increase. When the year was the year of Minild’s development, Miniled had a significant advantage over traditional led in terms of energy conservation, brightness, and efficiency, and the major manufacturers actively distributed the miniled applications.
The demand for light beads multiplied by the need for light beads will trigger demand for mocvd equipment. The company’s movcd equipment is a domestic leader and is expected to benefit from the profitability of the company’s miniled, microled project, which will further enhance the competitiveness of the company.
At this stage, the Māori rate is expected to rise again when the mocvd equipment has been reduced strategically. Of the funds raised, 400 million are for high-end semiconductor expansion, for cutting and mocvd equipment, and 400 million for technology research and development centres.
The company expands its product matrix to hit the international state of advanced technology and raises its market share of the product. There is uncertainty over the course of the six-month period; China-United States trade friction may affect corporate procurement.
China Micro Company (688012.sh) depth report guangzhenghangseng 1. National semiconductor equipment flagship, deep-dry etching/mocvd
1.1 Focus etching and mocvd equipment, sustained growth The main business of SME is high-end semiconductor equipment, with corrosion and mocvd equipment dominated. The products currently developed by the company are based on key equipment such as plasma etching equipment, film deposition equipment produced in the lead of integrated circuits, and applications and backtracks have been progressively developed
The company has now developed seven generations of corrosion equipment and three generations of mocvd equipment, the most advanced of which has entered the 5nm production line, and the mocvd equipment has been produced on a large scale on the industry’s leading customer production line.
The industry is growing rapidly, and the process of substitution of domestic production has accelerated, leading to a significant increase in demand for domestic corrosion equipment, while MSMEs, as a leading company in the area of corrosion equipment, have grown significantly. Second, the company’s research and development process has accelerated in recent years, new products have been introduced, and product lines have been upgraded to boost corporate income.
Previously, corrosion equipment and R & D equipment accounted for more than 80 per cent of total revenue, and mocvd equipment accounted for more than 50 per cent of total revenue, exceeding corrosion equipment, and became the main driving force behind corporate revenue, mainly because of the widespread market acceptance of company Prismoa7 equipment after 2017 and its sustained and substantial increase in sales, while sales of corrosion equipment fluctuated as a result of changes in capital spending planning by downstream manufacturers.
Corporate customers have a high concentration. The company ' s main clients include high-volume power, middle-core international, Hercules, filamental microelectronics, UW electronics, Yangtze storage, San An PV, luminous light power, dry light, luminous light power, etc. In 2016-2018, the company ' s combined sales of the top five clients accounted for 85.74 per cent, 74.52 per cent and 60.55 per cent of total sales in the current period, respectively, which is lower than in the years to come, but the client concentration is still high.
There are currently no controlling shareholders in Sino-Micro, as well as actual controllers, with 6 shareholders in legal entities abroad, 20 shareholders in legal persons in the country, and 8 shareholders in natural persons, including shareholders holding more than 5% of the issuer’s shares or voting rights in Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Two rounds of equity financing were conducted by the company in 2018. In December 2018, after the change of the medium- and limited-sized whole to the medium-sized company, the institutional investor, U.S.I.H., reported deep-seated by the medium-sized company 688012.sh.
Guangzhenghangseng has made two rounds of replenishments for China Micro, which amount to $30,644.5 million and $73.16 million respectively, with three participating companies, including four offshore subsidiaries, one offshore branch and four domestic subsidiaries.
It is an all-owned subsidiary of China Micro Corporation, responsible for the company's overseas sales. It is an all-owned subsidiary of China China Nanchang, China Microgate and China Micro-Citizen. The main business is the sale of mocvd equipment, mocvd equipment and corrosion equipment, and voc equipment.
Company participation, main business area, nanograde plating equipment, spare parts, photovoltaic technology and semiconductor, respectively. 1.3 Leading team industry is experienced, staff efficiency continues to improve. Corporate leadership team industry is experienced and research is highly meritorious. Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder, director and managing director of Sino-micro company, is here.
The semiconductor chip and equipment industry, with 35 years of industry experience, is the leading inventor of 89 United States patents and over 200 other domestic and foreign patents. In a global evaluation of Vlsirerearch in the United States in 2018, Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, Chairman of China Micro, along with Intel Chairman, Grovene Deceo, among others, was selected as the top ten champions of the international semiconductor industry in 2018.
The core technical staff, including Dr. Do Chihoo, Dr. Nie Tuqiang, Dr. Masi, Mr. Yang Wei, Mr. Tianxiao Li, etc., are experts in the semiconductor domain and have had many years of experience with semiconductors such as applied materials, pan forest semiconductors, etc., with highly educated staff and a clear division of labour in the research and development team. The company currently has 653 employees, 529 of whom have undergraduate studies and above.
Educational background is as high as 81%, of whom 171 masters and 48 PhDs, 26% and 7% respectively. The company formed a well-defined professional team based on different research and development objects and products such as capacitive plasma carving equipment, electro-sensive plasma etching equipment, deep silicon/mems etching equipment, mocvd equipment. By the end of 2018, the company had 381 R & D and engineering technicians.
58% of the total number of jobs, covering professionals in various disciplines such as plasma physics, radio frequency and microwaves, structural chemistry, micromolecular dynamics, spectroscopy and spectroscopy, vacuum machine transmission, etc. Per capita remuneration is higher than comparable companies, and per capita income generation is increasing year by year.
Over the last three years, MSMEs have generated income per capita at a higher rate than their counterparts in the North, and the gap has been widening year after year, indicating that MSMEs are more efficient in their workforce and continue to improve their quality.
2.1 There is uncertainty in the second half of the global semiconductor industry, with China ' s high potential for enterprise development, and the global semiconductor industry is expected to turn around in the second half of the year, but with greater uncertainty. The global semiconductor market was depressed in the first quarter of 2019, with market size declining to $10.6 billion, a 9.65 per cent decline in the same year.
The industry is in the bottom-of-the-economy cycle, with weak market demand, a rapid rise in corporate stock levels and excess supply in one quarter, leading to lower average prices for semiconductor products, depressed semiconductor markets, and shrinking market size. The market situation will continue in the second quarter of the year.
In addition, 5g commercial license plates have been issued, major manufacturers are actively deploying 5g applications, and new demand, such as 5g, is expected to boost demand for semiconductor products. However, demand for storage equipment has declined, and factors such as trade warfare and physical lists have increased demand volatility for products such as electronics downstream, thereby increasing demand for semiconductor products.
According to icinside, the market for integrated circuits grew from $82 billion to $155 billion between 2013 and 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 13.58%, higher than the global average.
8.93 per cent. This increase is due to the increasing policy, financial and technical support provided by the State to the semiconductor sector in recent years, in which the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (FONAI) has played a particularly prominent role in guiding the development of the industry, prompting existing producers to accelerate the process of production capacity building and R & D, while a large number of start-up enterprises have moved into the semiconductor sector, which has led to an increase in the size of the semiconductor sector in the country.
The demand for alternatives to domestic production has grown, and the demand for semiconductor products from large enterprises such as China has increased, accelerating the country ' s semiconductor market size. Since 2013, our imports of integrated circuits have increased each year but continued to expand at a slower rate, with 40,594 million imports in 2018, an increase of 8.3 per cent compared to the current high-end chips, half of which are still dependent on imports.
From 2013 to 2018, the size of the national product increased from $10.3 billion to $23.8 billion, an overall increase of 131.07 per cent, with a composite annual growth rate of 18.24 per cent. In addition to 2016, the rate of national production rose from 15.35 per cent in 2018.
The policy is strongly supported by the fact that our semiconductor enterprises have made ground-breaking progress in such areas as logical processes, separation devices and the availability of internationally advanced water resources; on the other hand, the rise of the semiconductor industry ' s downstream industries, such as smart equipment, medical care, security, etc., has created demand for upstream products in semiconductors, and the current mismatch between market supply and demand has accelerated the process of national substitution of semiconductor products.
In China, in 2017, the semiconductor sector received 541.1 billion yuan in total revenue, of which 20.74 billion yuan was earned in the design sector, accounting for about 38 per cent of total income, and 14.4 billion yuan in the manufacturing sector, accounting for about 27 per cent of total income. As the process of national substitution of semiconductor equipment accelerated, the country was concerned.
Industry strongly supports and 65% of the funds raised in the first phase of the national “big fund” are invested in chip manufacturing, enterprises increase their investment in semiconductor manufacturing equipment and crystal mills, and the manufacturing chain is expected to contribute more to the overall income of the semiconductor sector. At the same time, an increase in manufacturing chain output is expected to contribute to the upgrading of innovation in the upstream design sector and to the scaling up of downstream sealing.
The continental semiconductor index has risen overall, but it has risen less than the Philadelphia semiconductor index and the large disc index. In the last year, the continental semiconductor index has risen by 6.42%, below the Philadelphia semiconductor index by 5.76 percentage points, below the 300 index by 4.17 percentage points, and the semiconductor industry has a less overall climate than the overall level of a stock-listed company.
Capital spending in the semiconductor sector has increased significantly, at a rate higher than the global level. According to the icinsides, between 2014 and 2018, the country is expanding production in existing manufacturers, while a large number of start-up semiconductors enter the market, and capital spending in the semiconductor sector in the country will remain at over 60% of total capital expenditure in the semiconductor sector in the sub-region.
The cores (the Yangtze storage), the wise semiconductor, Fujian Shinhua, and Shanghai have contributed the most to overall capital spending in the industry. In-depth reports with the domestic semiconductor, China Micro Corporation (688012.sh), will reduce capital spending in two years, and semiconductor leaders such as Migwang will be conservative about capital spending next year.
Capital expenditure accounts for 10.72 per cent of total global capital expenditure in the semiconductor sector, with a significant increase in spending, which exceeds total capital spending in Europe and Japan in 2018, but there is still a large gap between capital investment and the three countries and regions, as the domestic semiconductor sector as a whole lags behind international advanced levels and investment in plant equipment and R & D is still on the rise.
2.2 The national production rate for semiconductor equipment is less than 20% for single-crystal furnaces used in silicon preparation, and 10-15% for transistor processing equipment, except for cvd/pvd, where 10% and less than 10% are generally measured.
In general, I have a national production rate of less than 15% for semiconductor equipment, and a large national replacement space for semiconductor equipment. Semi predicts a total investment of approximately $62 billion in equipment from 2017 to 2020 in our continental crystal-crystal manufacturing plant, which is about one to one and a half years old, partly two and more years old, with a projection of $62 billion crystal.
Each year, the investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment was $11.236/24.8 million. Crystal manufacturing equipment accounted for 80% of all semiconductor equipment, so we expect a total investment in semiconductor equipment to be $140.070.31 billion. Based on import forecasts and the proportion of semiconductor equipment in each part of the equipment, we project the following alternatives to semiconductor equipment imports:
Figure 23: Nationally produced alternative spaces for semiconductor equipment (US$ 245 million). Crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment accounts for 80 per cent of the entire class of semiconductor equipment, of which light engravings account for 30 per cent of the transcrystal manufacturing equipment, corrosion machines for 20 per cent, pvc equipment for 15 per cent, cvd equipment for 10 per cent, measuring equipment for 10 per cent, ion injection equipment for 5 per cent, polishing equipment for 5 per cent and diffusion equipment for 5 per cent.
The pvd, cvd equipment market is monopolistic, and international leading firms, such as amat, tel, and lamresearch, account for 70% of their share of the market. In North China, the main supplier of high-end process equipment for integrated circuits in the country, the pvd equipment is in the mainstream of integrated circuits.
The process of industrialization of domestic ion injections and import substitution is expected to accelerate. Although the concentration of the ion-in-equipment industry in the global market remains high, with 70% of international flagship firms occupying the market share, our leading firms, such as the Central American Electric Section and Kei Se-Tung, have acquired technology in recent years.
Significant progress has been made in accelerating the process of domestication of our ion injection equipment. In this context, ion injection equipment from the Chinese electrons has been applied to the production lines of Mid-Crysium International 90nm, 55nm, 40nm and 28nm, and Queseton has launched three generations of solar ion injections against low-energy beam ion injections and igbt hydrogen ion injections.
Figure 25: Technical nodes of semiconductor equipment produced in the country. Major Fund II investments are expected to be in favour of materials and equipment. The National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (MFI) made a total investment of 13.872 billion yuan in the first phase, which enabled social funds to be mobilized in excess of $300 billion.
Externally, 17 per cent of the design, 10 per cent of the seal, and 6 per cent of the equipment class. So far, the 2nd stage of the fund has been completed, amounting to $200 billion, and it is expected that social funds will be leveraged. The 2nd phase of the fund is expected to focus on design and material equipment.
Integrated circuit equipment consists of crystal circle manufacturing equipment, encapsulating equipment and testing equipment, the market size of which is 80% of the total semiconductor equipment market size. Crystal circle manufacturing consists mainly of seven processes, such as cleaning, oxidation, light etching, etching, deposition, ion injection, and polishing, of which light engraved equipment, etching equipment, pvd equipment are the three most important components of the integrated circuit front-way production process.
According to statistics, the investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment accounts for about 65% of the total investment in crystal-crystal plants, 30%, 20% and 15% of the total investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment in 2018, pvd, respectively.
Semi expects to start work on 78 new crystalworker projects between 2017 and 2020, 59 of which began construction in 2017-2018, 19 in 2019-2020, with total additional equipment invested in 2021 of $4.4 billion, $17.6 billion and $22 billion, respectively. The share of medium corrosion equipment in the overall ratio is about 48%.
At present, MSMEs account for about 2.5 per cent of the global media etching market, and we expect that the demand for new crystals will be US$ 53 million, US$ 211 million and US$ 264 million, respectively. This will be spent in 2021-2022. In addition, we assume that the investment in corrosion equipment will account for 20 per cent of the total investment in crystalline plant equipment, while the investment in corrosion equipment in the medium will account for 20 per cent of the investment in corrosion equipment.
The global market for corrosion equipment in the medium of MSMEs stood at 2.5 per cent of the total. 2.4 The value of corrosion equipment rose, multiple indicators of company equipment reached advanced levels of 2.4.1 value rising, and the opportunity for corrosion equipment to develop began to grow.
The corrosion equipment increases in value in the crystalline manufacturing production line. Light etching, etching and thin film deposition are three main processes for semiconductor manufacturing, integrated circuits, mainly to transfer all the graphics from one layer to the crystal circle through the three process cycles of film deposition, light etching and etching. As the integrated circuit chip manufacturing process progresses, the wire width is shrinking, the chip structure is 3d, the crystal round is made to 7 nm, 5 nm, and more.
Advanced process development. Because of the wavelength limitations of the commonly used impregnated light engraved machines, processing of the microstructure of the logical device 14 nm and below will be done through the combination of plasma etching and thin film depositions - multiple template effects - which will increase the processing steps of the equipment. The corrosion and film deposition equipment is expected to become the more critical and highly invested equipment.
The trend in the market size of various types of crystal circle manufacturing equipment up to 2017 is as follows:
The corrosion is mainly performed by chemical reactions from chemical reagents and corrosion materials. Dry etching is the prevailing etching technique. Media etching and silicon etching are the main dry etching methods. Dry etching by materials can be divided into metal etching, medium etching and silicon etching. Metal etching is the construction of interconnectivity by removing aluminium alloy layers from the metal layer.
Silicon is siliconized. The construction of contact holes and perforated structures requires the etching of the medium so that the window is carved out in ild. Silicon etching (including multi-crysilica) should be used in situations where silicon removal is needed, such as the etching of multi-crystal transistor grids and silicon cell caps. Currently, the etching equipment is dominated by medium etching and silicon etching, with 48 per cent and 47 per cent respectively, while metal etching is only 3 per cent.
Chart 33: Media etching is high relative to silicon etching, and plasma dry etching is the dominant technology in dry etching. Depending on the method used to produce plasma, dry etchings are divided mainly into the electrolytic plasma etching and the electrolytic plasma etching. The electrolytic plasma etching is mainly based on the high energy ion in the harder medium.
In the material, etching deep holes, deep ditches, etc. microstructures with a high depth width ratio; whereas electrosensive plasma etching is mainly based on softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and polarly even ion concentrations. These two etching devices cover the main etching applications. Figure 36: Classification of etching devices and main application areas
2.4.2 Medium and Micro Corporations are highly competitive in corrosion equipment, and many of the indicators are internationally advanced Medium and Micro Corporations have successfully developed key technologies in corrosion equipment such as low capacitive coiling, plasma restraint, two-reaction stations, high-yielding technology.
Three generations of products have been developed. In 2007, the company developed a two-reaction station, Primod-rie, which could be used for 65-16 nanometer integrated circuits; in 2011, a two-reaction station, Primoad-rie, which reached 14-7 nanometers; and in 2017, it launched a primoad-rie-e, which could be used for the manufacture of logical integrated circuits below 7 nanometres.
The equipment has reached the world’s most advanced levels. Since 2012, China and Micro has developed an irp etching device, which has so far been successfully developed for a single-reaction platform, primo nanova etching, mainly for logical circuits up to and including 14 nm, and has begun to develop a dual-reaction tableicp etching device.
In addition, in response to the need for advanced encapsulation of integrated circuits and the development of the mems sensor industry, in 2010 the company developed its first deep silicon etching device protsv.
Deep silicon etching devices, each, deep silicon etching.
The reaction cavity of the two-reaction platform.
The product has a preheat response, image sensing, table, crystal edge protection.
Primotsv multiple functions, mems for deep silicon.
Erosion applications provide the high technology, flexibility and production plasma cut required
Some of the technologies used by MSMEs have reached or even exceeded international levels of equipment of the same kind. By product range, the company’s capacitive ion et al. etching equipment, promod-rie, prmoad-rie and Tsv, have used high-yielding technology from two-reaction stations, with six single-reaction stations and three two-reaction stations, which can help clients reduce costs effectively.
The Division’s Primoad-rie-e etching equipment has reached an internationally advanced level, as shown by the following comparison with similar international equipment dealers:
The company's deep silicon corrosion equipment has entered the international mainstream mems production plant, compared to similar international equipment dealers. SME's corrosion equipment is highly competitive in the market, and its autonomous research and development has been accepted by mainstream domestic and international integrated circuit manufacturers.
By the end of 2018, the company had accumulated more than 1,100 reaction stations serving more than 40 advanced chip production lines, both domestic and foreign. According to gartner, the company’s capacitancy etching equipment accounted for approximately 1.4% of the global market.
• Pan forest semiconductor — China Micro Company — Tokyo Electronics — Application material — other 2.5 etching equipment requirements are volatile and industry concentration is high
2.5.1 Downstream customer investment cycles are concentrated, the demand for corrosion equipment is volatile, and the sales of corrosion equipment fluctuates with the downstream customer investment cycles. Corporate corrosion equipment production and sales fluctuated somewhat between 2016 and 2018, mainly because of the potential for relative concentration of investment expansion by downstream customers in the semiconductor industry, resulting in unexpectedly larger orders from equipment manufacturers.
In 2016-2018, the total production of company etching equipment was 220 cavities, and in 2016-2018, the domestic IEC sector saw an increase in national and corporate investment and demand for corrosion equipment rebounded, up 115.15 per cent from the same year, showing a rapid increase in the type of company products and a decrease in the share of corrosion equipment. In 2018, the average price of company etching equipment fell by 9.02 per cent from the same year.
The main reason is that, in 2018, the company’s sales of pramosscad-rie type of corrosion equipment increased, while the equipment was a single cavity reaction station at a relatively low price, resulting in a decrease in the price of corrosion equipment. In 2016-2018, corporate sales of corrosion equipment as a whole showed an upward trend, and as the company’s mocvd equipment matured and became market recognized, the share of sales of corrosion equipment in operating income declined.
In 2018, the company earned $5.56.685 million from the sale of corrosion equipment, representing 34.5 per cent of operating income. 2.5.2 The market for corrosion equipment is highly concentrated, with the technology level of MSMEs at the forefront, and the market for corrosion equipment is relatively low globally.
The market share of global media etching equipment is 2.5%, and 1.4%, of the global market for capacitative etching equipment. The global market for etching equipment is now dominated by a monopolistic pattern of wildwood semiconductors, applied materials, and Tokyo electronics.
Microconductors, two enterprises in the North, have developed more maturely in corrosion equipment, with medium semiconductors dominated by media etchings and North China dominated by silicon etchings.
The U.S. Panforest Semiconductor, the world’s largest semiconductor etching company, has a market share of 55% of the global corrosion equipment market, and its 2014 development of ale etching equipment, flex and kiyo series, can be applied to the 14nm process. Tokyo’s 20% market share of global electronics is currently working to break through the 5nm process etching equipment.
Silicon etchings and media etchings are covered. In the same way as Sino-Mino-North, which is the lead company for domestic corrosion equipment, Silicon etching is dominated by silicon etching, the autonomous 14nm silicon etching machine has successfully entered the mainstream integrated circuit plant. 3.led product prices have fallen, and mocvd equipment demand is expected to increase.
3.1led Industry: The excess capacity is evident and the price of the led chain continues to be low, including upstream led chip manufacture, medium-stream sealing, and downstream led applications. The mocvd equipment is an important link in upstream led chip production, and its cost is nearly 50% of the cost of extra-slip production.
In 2017, lighting applications accounted for 64 per cent of downstream applications and general lighting for 75 per cent of lighting applications.
Upstream chip production in the led industry slowed down, with high industry concentration. Global chip production was concentrated in China, and domestic led production was rising, as domestic chip producers moved towards advanced international levels of production, and government policies strongly supported, but the rate of chip productivity growth continued to slow in 2019, as chip manufacturers released their capacity, chip prices fell and chip production slowed down in recent years.
At the same time, the increase in the production of the led chip will lead to an increase in the demand for mocvd equipment. The high profile of the led chip market has prompted the chip industry to start a new expansion cycle, with three major taps of domestic led chip, luminous light power, and co-opt production plans.
More than 50% of the population is accounted for, and as the expansion cycle unfolds, the capacity of the country’s led chip industry is expected to become more concentrated in leading firms. Figure 53: We have a high concentration of the led chip industry, and the excess capacity of the led chip industry, and prices continue to decline.
More than 300 new mocvd stations were added each year, most of which will be released in 2018q4-2019. The domestic supply and demand of the led chip reversed in 2018 and is expected to rise to 1.1 per cent in 2019 compared to 1.2 per cent on a continuous basis, with a marked excess capacity, resulting in a massive expansion of the led encapsulation company at chip prices and a decrease in the price of the encapsulation device.
There are plans to expand production in enterprises such as Hong Li Jijio, crystallized light, megascopic shares, and new light for America and the United States. The reasons for the expansion in the country’s reeding industry are mainly the rise in the downstream reed lighting industry, which is generally on the rise, and the steady growth of the middle- and middle-capture industry, while emerging markets have emerged, with small-range led screens, vehicle-mounted led, etc., entering a fast-growing period of growth, creating a stronger demand for the envelope industry, but so on.
The increase in capacity has led to an increase in the supply of and demand for led seals, which is expected to reach around 1.4 in 2019, while the price of the package products has fallen, small businesses have been unable to meet low-cost competition demands, and production capacity has been further concentrated towards leading firms.
Figure 57: The number of domestic led encapsulation companies continues to decline, the global market for led lighting has grown steadily, and the lighting penetration rate has risen rapidly. With the rising demand for energy efficiency and reduction, led lighting has gradually replaced other sources of light such as incandescent lamps and fluorescent lamps globally, and demand has continued to rise.
The size of the lighting market has grown from $1.75 billion to $55.1 billion, with an average compound annual growth rate of 53.91 per cent, but the growth in the lighting scale of the led has been accompanied by a fall in the price of lighting products due to excess capacity. Led lighting technology has matured in recent years, production costs have declined, and government efforts to promote energy-saving reduction facilities have led to a rapid rise in the lighting penetration rate, which reached 36.7 per cent in 2017, in terms of the market share of all regions of the world.
The Asia-Pacific region accounted for 42.8 per cent of total global demand for light in 2018, with North America ranked second in 25.4 per cent of cities. The Asia-Pacific region has a large population, with strong economic growth in some developing countries, rapid scientific and technological upgrading, a growing government policy of energy conservation and reduction, and a strong North American research presence, and we anticipate a further increase in the size and penetration of the future Led lighting market.
In recent years, the price of the led product has declined, and the market size of the led market has increased rapidly, accelerating penetration into the big screen. The market size of the led market in 2017 was $3.82 billion, an increase of 68% over the same period, and the market penetration rate of 11%.
Currently, small spacing led is used mainly in government sector displays, and since 2017, as technology maturity increases and product prices drop, the small spacing led screen is gradually permeating into commercial displays, and the size of the small spacing led screen in commercial displays is expected to increase further in the future as costs decrease further.
The miniled chip is about 100 micrometres in size, a transition technology between the traditional led and microlled, with better colour performance and more recognition of categories of hdr, which can be applied to dent designs and highly bent backlights, mainly on products such as mobile phones, television, car panels, and electronic laptops.
The size of the film is about 10 micrometres, with the advantage of efficiency, brightness, high reliability and speed of response, with spontaneous light without backlight, application and smartphones, wearable devices, car monitors, vr/ar products, etc.
The size of the field will be over $1 billion, with a production value of $2.891 billion in 2025. 3.2mcvd equipment: domestic holdings will be the highest, and the Movd equipment will be the highest in 3.2.1 countries.
Mocvd is a new gas-extension growth technology developed on the basis of gas-phase growth (vpe). The mocvd device is a high-end membrane sedimentation device that can be used in a number of areas such as led, power devices, etc., and is the most critical equipment in the production of the led chip, accounting for almost half of the cost of the led extended chip.
By 2021, it would have grown to 14 per cent, from $614.8 million in 2016 to $1,162.8 million in 2021. The most significant factors driving the growth in the market size of mocvd equipment were the increase in the size of the ex-led market, the increase in the demand for high light led in the global led market, and the rise in the demand for energy protection.
The country’s mocvd equipment holdings are increasing every year. The mocvd equipment, the most important equipment in the led manufacture, is generally purchased for more than half of the total input into the led production line, so the rapid development of the domestic led chip industry in recent years has led to an increase in the industry over the years, from 917 to 1719 between 2012 and 2017, with an average annual compound growth rate of 13.38 per cent.
The mainland has become the world’s largest market for mocvd equipment demand, with the mocvd holding 47% of the world’s equipment. The mocvd equipment manufacturer is actively configured and the technology is fast-paced. The mocvd equipment is now used downstream mainly in blue light, mainly in lighting. The mocvd technology to make blue light has reached a more mature stage, and the mocvd equipment is now available.
The industry has developed technology to meet the needs of the downstream application market by improving the performance required for large-scale extension production, reducing production costs, and having a large-scale bottom-up extension capability. The processing capacity of the mainstream mocvd response cavity has grown from 31 4 inches to 34 4 inches, and now the industry mainstream is developing 41 4 inches of ultra-large receptors.
In addition to blue light led, mocvd devices can be used in a number of emerging areas such as green light led, red light led, deep UV led, and miniled, microled, powerware, etc., which are yet to be further developed, and the market size of mocvd equipment is expected to expand further, but there is uncertainty about scale growth due to lower prices for mocvd equipment.
3.2.2 With regard to the mocvd equipment, which is internationally advanced, China and Micro has stored technologies such as silicone-based nitride growth processes and blue light-led processes on large-scale sapphire base plates. In 2010, the company began to develop mocvd equipment, and now it has three generations of mocvd equipment, packages.
It includes first-generation equipment such as Prismod-blue, second-generation equipment such as Prismoa7 and third-generation 30-inch large-size equipment. Of this, Prismoa7 produces more than twice as much per-reaction cavity as a public prismmod-blue.
Large-scale input on the production line has become the world’s top-ranked, pre-occupied nitrogenated eldmocvd device. Prismod-blue, Prismoa7 achieves a single cavity of 14 inches and a single cavity of 34 inches of expanse.
The company’s mocvd equipment has now reached international and domestic leadership, achieving high-quality input on the industry’s leading clients’ production lines, becoming the world’s top-ranked, pre-occupied nitrous nitrous nitrous modcvd equipment.
Mocvd equipment has gradually replaced imported equipment, and the self-developed mocvd equipment has been used and endorsed by a number of leading producers of led. According to Hismarkit, the company was in the lead in 2018 in the global market for nitrazine-based veldmocvd equipment.
The company's mocvd equipment is highly cost-effective. The country's led chip-heads have an expansion plan, with more than 60% of the post-partum production. The Chinese company Prismoa7 equipment has a significant advantage in reducing costs, K456i production lags in comparison with the Chinese company Prismoa7 advanced output, and the cost of depreciation of the Prismoa7 equipment has been reduced by 75%, and indirectly by reducing labour, labour, labour, and labour.
The company ' s production of mocvd equipment continued to grow. The company ' s production of mocvd equipment grew annually in 2016-2017, with prismoa 7 fully recognized by its customers after 2017, and sales increased significantly, driving the total sale of mocvd equipment.
In terms of prices, between 2016 and 2018, the company ' s mocvd equipment was made up of two models, Prismod-blue and Prismoa 7, of which Prismoa7 was sold for better performance and better configuration. In 2017, Prismoa7 was marketed.
It was widely accepted that sales increased significantly, resulting in a sharp increase in the average price of the company ' s mocvd equipment in 2017, which was 79.2 per cent higher than in 2016, while revenues from the sale of the mocvd equipment increased by 3304.74 per cent in 2017, owing to a sharp increase in sales of Prismoa.7 The fall in the average price of the equipment in 2018 was due mainly to the company ' s expansion of the market and its strategic reduction in the price of its products.
The market share of the company ' s mocvd equipment has been increasing in recent years. The global market for mocvd equipment was largely monopolized by two international manufacturers, Vieco and Ashfon, until 2017. After 2017, the company ' s mocvd equipment gradually broke its monopoly on these two enterprises, as the company ' s Prismoa7 equipment was widely accepted by the market.
In the second half of 2018, more than 60% of the global market for new nitrous nitrous nitrous nitrous nitrous nitrides, and more than 60% of the global market for new nitrous nitrides. ihsmarket, according to ihskett, in 2018, corporate products took the lead in the global market for nitrous nitrous nitrous nitridecvd devices.
4. Financial analysis: Performance is positive over the next three years, profitability is expected to improve further over the next three years. Corporate overall Māori has been declining over the last three years. In 2017, Māori ownership fell by 3.92 percentage points from the previous year, mainly due to high customization of company etching equipment and fluctuations in sales.
As a result, the Māori rate of the main business fell by 3.09 percentage points in 2018, mainly as a result of market openings and lower prices for mocvd equipment. Despite a declining trend in Māori, the net profits of the company continued to increase, with the same growth of 112.53% in 2017 and interest rate levels expected to pick up again in 2018, so we expect good corporate performance and greater profitability over the next three years.
Forest semiconductors, application materials, and Tokyo electronics are largely flat, again demonstrating that companies have a better profitability in corrosion equipment. In 2018, companies reduced the Māori rate of mocvd equipment by 11% as a result of less strategic sales of mocvd equipment, thereby lowering the overall Māori rate of companies to below the average of their peers' comparable Māori rates.
Figure 75: Comparison of the level of Māori ratios with comparable companies in the industry is relatively stable. On the other hand, the company ' s stock turnover rate is relatively small, and both accounts receivable and payable turnover are on the rise, indicating that, on the one hand, the rate of return of corporate receivables has accelerated and the ability to repay has improved, while, on the other hand, the company has taken advantage of upstream supplier capital.
Financing attracts operating capital, which in 2018 exceeded the capacity of the country’s comparable company, the North China. Once a company is listed, access to finance is broadened, capital is expected to grow further, and solvency is guaranteed.
By 2018, however, the Department’s liquidity indicators had outperformed those of comparable companies in the North. As corporate profitability and financial power have increased in the future, we believe that corporate liquidity levels will increase further.
Figure 79: Corporate liquidity is expected to rise The North’s decline is due mainly to a significant increase in corporate revenue over the last three years, which is much faster than the growth in R & D inputs. Overall, corporate R & D investment is high, and new technology R & D is fast-tracked.
The project for the upgrading of high end semiconductor equipment, most of which are sub-projects for upgrading the original etching equipment and mocvd equipment.
The extension upgrade project for high-end etching equipment, including primoad-rie, primosschd-rie and primonanova, and the extension upgrade project for high-yield mocvd, high-temperature green light, mocvd, mocvd for silicon-based nitrous silicon power application and mocvd-based mocvd set-up for high-end mocvd equipment.
In the Technology Research and Development Centre construction upgrade project, sub-projects are mostly developed for new projects. These include, inter alia, ccp etching equipment for logical circuits, etching equipment for storage, etching equipment for storage, ccp etching equipment for storage and more advanced etching equipment for storage, and more advanced 14-7 nanomicp etching equipment, and the next generation of high-yielding blue green lightledmocvd
Alpha machine, advanced mocvd test platform based on next generation silicone nitrogenification power application, test platform based on next generation silicone nitrogenification power, mocvd test platform based on miniled display application, test platform based on test platform, new mocvd test platform based on microlle display applications to be used
There is a large market space for the project, which is expected to further increase the market share of the company. China-Micro is a leading domestic firm in corrosion equipment, and the semiconductor industry has continued to improve in recent years, increasing demand for corrosion equipment, combined with the current trend of substitution for semiconductor national production and strong national support for integrated circuit manufacturing equipment, and we believe that China-Micro-Micro has advanced expansion and upgrading of corrosion equipment and research and development projects.
There is a wide market space, consistent with current trends in the semiconductor industry, which is important for corrosion equipment technology to break through the existing levels in the country and hit the level of international sophistication. At the same time, with regard to optical electronic devices such as led, new international applications and new technologies, upgrading and R & D projects have helped companies to keep pace with international advances in technology and further broaden their market share of the mocvd.
We split the company’s operations into four broad categories of specialized equipment, spare parts, equipment maintenance and other operations, including mocvd equipment, etching equipment, and other equipment.
We assume that in 2019, 2020 and 2021, investments in global crystal mill equipment amounted to $396.48488 billion, corresponding to $.95/1.16/211 million in demand for medium-sized and micro media corrosion equipment, 90 per cent of the required space on the basis of the average exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi in July 2019, plus sales of corporate silicon etching equipment.
Core technologies have been overtaken or replaced; import substitution processes have fallen short of expectations; second half of semiconductor movements are uncertain; and trade friction between Central America and the United States