Head of domestic semiconductor equipment, core equipment with import replacement 04072019
The main products of semiconductor equipment in China, which is very powerful in technology research and development, are carving machines and mocvd equipment. The etching machines have entered the supply system for power generation 7nm, the only continent in China that currently has access to the power supply chain system.
Semiconductor equipment operators: mocvd has fully replaced imports in the country, with a home-grown blue light-led field occupancy rate of over 60%. Benefiting from the global semiconductor industry’s transfer to mainland China and mocvd set-up, company revenue and net profits have increased significantly, with the harvest of cagr reaching 64% in 2016-2018.
The net profit from the return of the mother was reversed in 2017, with an increase of 204% in 2018. Dr. Yoon, founder, chairman, and managing director of semiconductor equipment, has 35 years of industry experience and is an important driver of the development and industrialization of international plasma etching technology.
With the semiconductor industry moving to mainland China, China has become the second largest semiconductor in the world. The ratio of carving machines in the crystalline manufacturing line is around 25%, and it's second only to the luminous core.
Heart equipment, according to our calculations, the cumulative size of the global etching equipment market from 2019 to 2020 exceeds 400. The current pattern of competition in the industry is three-fold, with lam, amat, and Tokyo electronics occupying more than 90% of the corrosion machine market.
There has been a major breakthrough in the capacity of national production to replace imports, and its autonomous development of 5 nm plasma corrosion has been validated by power builders. According to the public campaign of two well-known domestic chip manufacturers, companies account for about 15 to 17% of the domestic market for corrosion equipment.
led shows that industry development will drive the investment in mocvd equipment, with a slight success in breaking the monopoly. The city mocvd equipment is the most critical equipment in the production of the led industry and its value is more than 50 per cent of the entire production chain (extra-chips-enveloping and application), and the number of mocvd equipment is measured by the number of mocvd equipment.
With the maturity of miniled and microled technologies, led shows that the industry is expected to grow rapidly, bringing greater room for new equipment to mocvd. Medium micros are growing rapidly in the mocvd area, and its prsmoa7 has succeeded in breaking its dimensions.
The share of international firms such as Ike and Atheqiang in the new global market has increased from less than 20% in 2017q1 to more than 60% today. The company’s downstream customers cover a number of leading domestic producers of led extensions and chips from 2016 to 2018.
The order has increased significantly from $290 million to $1.36 billion. The company is also developing a larger mocvd device, which is expected to take over the market share of mocvd in the future.
Semiconductor Equipment Industry: Why is the National Production Crystal Circle not to exceed 5,349 million shares, no less than 10% of the total equity after issuance, and manufacturing equipment will meet historic opportunities?
Medium and Medium Semiconductors: National semiconductor equipment flagships, strong technology R & D China Micro Corporation was established in 2004 as a small and medium-sized company with foreign sole proprietorships, and in July 2018 it changed the medium and limited whole to foreign investment GmbH, mainly in the area of high-end semiconductor equipment.
Before this issue, the number of shareholders was 20,02% in Shanghai, the first shareholder was a limited Shanghai science and technology venture (group) and 100% of the company’s controlling subsidiaries, and the company’s second largest shareholder was an investment shareholder.
19.39%, a 100% holding subsidiary of the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (the “large fund”). The ratio of shareholdings is similar. Companies have a national financial background, and important decisions are taken together in decision-making, with no real control.
Plasma etching equipment, including capacitation plasma etching equipment (ccp) and electro-sensive plasma etching (icp). The company started the development of the ccp etching equipment, Primod-rie in 2004 and was successfully launched in 2007 and is now in place.
The two-reaction platform Primod-rie, the two-reaction platform Primoad-rie and the single-reaction platform's three-generation primoad-rie corrosion machine products were successfully developed, the 18-year ccp corrosion device Primoad-rie was improved and entered into the 5nm production line on the power station; the company started to develop the icp etching equipment in 2012 and has now successfully developed the single-reaction station Primonanova
Erosion equipment, coupled with the development of dual-reaction tableicp etching equipment. Mocvd, in 2010, started the development of mod-extended mocvd equipment, successful 12-year first-generation prismo d-blue, successful second-generation prismoa7 in early 17, and still third-generation 30-inch large-size equipment
Research and development (R & D). By the end of 17th year, 100 prismoa7mocvd devices had been delivered. 1.1. In the field of deep-cultivated semiconductor equipment, etching and mocvd's dual-wheel drive, the middle emblem is the lead company for domestic semiconductor equipment, the main products of which are etching machines and mocvd equipment.
The ratio of carving machines to the production line of the crystal circle is around 25%, the core equipment next to the light carving machine. The miniature carving machine has entered the supply system of 7nm and is currently the only major ground semiconductor in China with access to the power supply chain system. The revenue from corrosion equipment was 34.5% in 2018, and the company plasma equipment has been widely used.
Processing and advanced encapsulation of international front-line customers, processes that cover the most advanced stages of production from 65 nanometres to 14 nanometres, and 7 nano/5 nanometres. mocvd is the most critical equipment for producing the led outer-extended chip, with corporate mocvd equipment accounting for the total revenue in 2018.
After successful micro-research and development, it broke the monopoly of foreign leaders and quickly squeezed the market. At present, micro-mocvd equipment has completely replaced German aixtron and United States Veeco equipment in the country, with a cumulative total of 166 sales by 2016 and 2018.
41%, and in the second half of 2018, the company’s mocvd equipment took up over 60% of the world’s reserve market for the new nitrogen nitrified radmocvd. It was in the lead in the global market for the nitrified nitrified nitrified nitrified oxen edmocvd equipment.
The company's mocvd equipment consists of triam, luminous, luminous, luminous, dry-lighted, and so forth.
The sales share of the top five clients declined from 85.74% in 16 years to 60.55% in 18 years, and the dependence on the top five clients gradually decreased, mainly due to the increase in corporate income and the decline in the concentration of major customers each year.
In the case of raw materials, there are more channels of supply and stable cooperation with suppliers of raw materials; in the case of labour, the production process is simpler, the training is faster, and the external labour market is well supplied and the company is also involved.
The number of workers can be adjusted flexibly on the basis of actual orders; the majority of spare parts for the testing of assembly equipment are obtained mainly through out-sourcing, with shorter cycles of assembly and testing in the plant, and less use of fixed assets in the production process. Therefore, raw materials, manual, test and assembly equipment will not be a major constraint on the company’s production capacity.
In 2016-2018, the sale of corporate etching equipment and mocvd equipment increased rapidly. In 2016, companies carved.
In 2017, as a result of the decline in capital spending by a small number of customers, the sale of corrosion equipment by companies slipped to 33 cavities, a decrease of 41.07 per cent in the same year; in 2018, investment by manufacturers of integrated circuits on mainland China continued to grow significantly, and companies focused on increasing their sales in mainland China in a timely manner, returning to 71 cavities.
This represents a rapid increase of 115.15%. The company ' s new Prismoa 7 series of production in 2017 is more than twice the 2013 equipment, and it is currently the most productive and least energy-intensive mocvd unit. The company ' s mocvd equipment produced 3 cavities, 57 cavities, 106 cavities in 2016-2018, with an increase in sales.
The unit value of the annual sale of corrosion equipment fell by 9.02 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the sale of the Primosscad-rie type of corrosion equipment, which was a single cavity reaction station with a lower sales price compared to other single multi-reaction station equipment. In 2018, corporate sales of corrosion equipment as a whole increased by 95.74 per cent over the same period, returning to normal levels.
In 2016, the company sold all of the mocvd equipment in the Prismod-blue model, with a lower average sales price of $5.1919 million per cavity; in 2017, the company marketed the mocvd equipment unit price increased by 79.20 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 15.63 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly to further expand the market share of the company.
The company’s growth in revenue and net profits has been significant. In 2016-2018, the revenues were $610.972.16.39 billion, 17 per cent, and $6.8 billion, respectively.
376 million (year-on-year +524 per cent), with a net return of 14 million yuan (year-on-year gain) and a rapid increase in revenue and net return, mainly benefiting from the transfer of the global semiconductor industry to mainland China. According to Semi, 62 new crystalline processing lines are projected to be built globally between 2017 and 2020, and 26 new ones will be built in mainland China, accounting for the world.
In the last three years, the sale of company products has been concentrated mainly in the mainland region and in Taiwan, mainly as follows: (1) The company successfully rolled out the Prismoa7 equipment in 2017 and quickly took over the domestic market, and the demand for corrosion equipment has increased significantly in line with the expansion of the ihsmarkit customer investment in the mainland region. The company is expected to benefit fully from this.
The continent’s strong demand for semiconductor equipment is expected to continue with healthy performance. 1.3. Rapid occupation of the mocvd equipment market, with a decline in the company’s Māori ratio, is due mainly to a decline in the Māori rate of mocvd equipment, which has increased significantly over 17 years and accounts for revenue.
Depending on the demand of downstream customers, companies have a high degree of customization of corrosion equipment, a high combined Māori rate, a high degree of standardization of mocvd equipment, and a relatively low combination Māori rate. The 17-year decline in the Māori rate of corrosion equipment is mainly due to (1) the low scale of sales in the year; and (2) the company ' s use of some customers in order to build up advanced process experience and increase customer stickyness
The 17-year mocvd Māori rate increased by 4.31 pct over the same period, mainly as a result of the introduction of the second-generation Prismoa7, which led to higher prices; the 18-year decline in Māori rates was mainly due to market share expansion; a comparative analysis of the Māori ratio of products compared to those of listed companies in the industry, with the selection of a pan forest semiconductor in the area of corrosion equipment,
With the exception of 2017, the Māori rate for corporate etching equipment was roughly over 40%, roughly the same as for international giants. The Māori rate for this type of operation was similar to that for applications, pan forest semiconductors, and three major international etching equipment giants in Tokyo electronics.
The Māori rate for company mocvd equipment in 2017 was comparable to that of Vieco, and Aeth. In 2017, the Department gradually broke down the corporate monopoly on mocvd equipment; in 2018, the company began to be tactical in order to capture its market share.
The lower prices resulted in a lower Māori rate than that of Vieco and Esqiang, and since the second half of 2018, Micvd's mocvd equipment has taken up more than 60 per cent of the global market for new nitrous nitrous silicone equipment and has been in the leading position.
The company ' s R & D costs are high and growing year by year, and its core technical staff is experienced. By the end of 2018, the company had a total of 653 R & D and engineering technicians, totalling 381 or 58 per cent of the total workforce, of which 240 or about 37 per cent were R & D staff, covering physical, chemical, mathematics, engineering and specialized workers.
The core technicians are Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, the founder, chairman and managing director of internationally recognized semiconductor equipment companies with 35 years of professional experience, and are important drivers of international plasma etching technology development and industrialization.
Development work, senior management in applications from 1991 to 2004, including the Vice-President of the Enterprise, the Managing Director of the Erosion Industries Department, and the Chief Technical Officer of the Asian Headquarters. He was also the main inventor of 89 American patents and over 200 other domestic and external patents. In a global evaluation of Vlsirerearch in the United States in 2018, he was the Chairman of Intel,
Grofandceo, together, was rated as the top ten leaders of the international semiconductor industry in 2018. Hundreds of millions of yuan, accounting for 49.62%/34.00%/24.65% of revenues, respectively.
The amount of R & D-related government grants received to hedge R & D inputs was $112 million in 18 and $93 million in 18, respectively (included in R & D costs), with higher government grants. The number of patents was high and many high-level awards were awarded.
Lit, of which 1.038 are patents and 465 are patents for overseas inventions; 951 are authorized patents, of which 800 are patents. The patent was awarded the “Fifteenth China Patent Award” by the State Intellectual Property Office and the World Intellectual Property Office, the “Sixteenth China Patent Award”, the “Seventeenth China Patent Award” and the “Seventeenth China Patent Award”.
The submersible etching equipment received the “XVI China International Industrial Fair Gold Award” from the Organizing Committee of the China International Industrial Expo, and the super-reactive mocvd device prismoa7 developed by the company received high-level awards such as the “Twentieth China International Industrial Fair Silver Award”.
To raise funds for the next generation of equipment, China and Micro will raise $1 billion, of which $400 million will be invested in high-end semiconductor equipment upgrading projects, $400 million in technology research and development centres, and $200 million in additional liquidity.
The high end semiconductor equipment extension project and the technology research and development centre construction upgrade project. The high end semiconductor equipment extension project ($400 million) includes: 1 high end corrosion equipment extension (including primoad-rie, primosschd-rie and primonanova)
2 high-end mocvd equipment extension (including high-yielding blue light ledmocvd, high-temperature mocvd, silicon-based nitrous thorium power application mocvd, mocvd equipment based on led display applications, etc.) The Technology Research and Development Centre construction upgrade project (400 million yuan) includes:
1 advanced corrosion equipment development (including ccp etching equipment for advanced logical circuits, ccp etching equipment for storage, and more advanced 14-7 nanomicp etching equipment, etc.) 2 advanced mocvd equipment development (including next generation of high-yielding blue light ledmocvdalpha machines, foundations, etc.)
Mocvd test platform for the next generation of silicone nitride power applications, mocvd test platform based on miniled display applications, new mocvd test platform based on microlled display applications, etc.) The company continued to raise funds for etching and mocvd devices and actively distributed the next generation of products according to the conductor.
The experience of “a generation of equipment, a generation of processes, a generation of products” in the industry, the manufacture of semiconductor products for ultra-previous electronic systems, the development of a new generation of processes for semi-conductor equipment, and the development of a new generation of processes for a sub-system for semi-conductor equipment, so that the etching and mocvd equipment developed by the company in the future will contribute to the continued progress of the semi-conductor industry process.
The domestic semiconductor equipment climate is on the rise and the level of national production is on the rise. 2.1. The boom in investment in the Transcrystal Mills has led to a significant increase in the demand for semiconductor equipment.
The growth in the volume of smart phones and innovative upgrades will lead to increased demand for fingerprint recognition chips and camera cis chips, rapid growth of auto semiconductors, and rapid growth of microchips, such as mcu microcontrolrs, all of which will result in a new increase of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon chips.
As the downstream semiconductor industry continues to improve, and as the crystal circle process continues to upgrade, the global investment boom in semiconductor crystal circle plants has led to high growth in the upstream semiconductor equipment industry. According to Semi, between 2017 and 2019, there were more than 60 new semiconductor crystal circle plants planned globally.
China’s mainland region accounts for more than half of the total, and 12 inches (300 mm) of crystal mills will account for a large proportion. For example, according to data from the Grofinger Crystal Mill, 80% of the investment in crystal mills is for equipment, so the investment in crystal mills is bound to be of great heat, leading to the development of the semiconductor equipment industry; we expect 2019 to be the node of a major move in equipment.
According to the International Semiconductor Industry Association, Semi, global semiconductor manufacturing equipment sales jumped from US$ 566.2 billion in 2017 to an all-time high of US$ 64.5 billion in 2018. Global crystal mill equipment expenditure is projected at US$ 53 billion in 2019, a 14 per cent decline from the same year, mainly due to a slowdown in the storage industry.
For the second year in a row, Korea became the largest new semiconductor reserve, with sales reaching $17.71 billion, followed by mainland China, which for the first time became the second largest equipment market.
Sales amounted to $13.11 billion; sales from Taiwan, China, were $10.17 billion, which slipped to three. Annual spending increased in mainland China, Japan, the rest of the world (mainly South-East Asia), Europe and North America, while new equipment markets in Taiwan, China and South Korea contracted. The equipment markets in Japan, North America, Europe and the rest of the world ranked in 2018.
From 2017 onwards, it remained unchanged. The global market for crystal-crystal processing equipment increased by 15 per cent, compared to 9 per cent for other front-end equipment. The sale of encapsulation equipment increased by 2 per cent, while the overall sales of test equipment increased by 20 per cent.
The crystal circle manufacturing process is complex, with a variety of equipment. The crystal circle manufacturing process is complex. The crystal circle manufacture is based on the design of the circuit board, using different processes, such as furnaces, wet engraved, sedimented, light engraved, dry engraved, injected, deactivated, etc.
The industry is a typical asset and technology-intensive industry. According to data from the Grovend Crystal Mill, 80% of the total investment is for equipment. 80% of the total equipment is made of crystal circle and 20% of the equipment is sealed and other equipment.
Medium- and semi-conductors are mainly producing corrosion equipment, which is the backbone of domestic corrosion equipment, and their share in domestic suppliers' procurement is increasing. According to the international bidding network, the winning ratio of medium- and micro-equipment equipment among the country’s two largest storage facilities is more than 15%.
Lightcuts are the core of semiconductor chip manufacturing, and are known as crown jewels. Technology is the most difficult. High-end areas are monopolized by the Netherlands asml, with a market share of up to 80 per cent; euv luminators are monopolized by the Dutch manufacturer asml 100 per cent.
Cvd&pvd equipment has made a breakthrough in the country and the rate of national production has continued to rise. The MSMEs now continue to grow in the mocvd area, the mocvd equipment is mainly used on the led, and the pvd and cvd plating equipment will be extended in the future.
In 2017, in the area of global corrosion equipment, 55% of pan forest semiconductors, 20% of Tokyo electronics, and 19% of applications. Commercialization of the 7nm corrosion machine in the mid- and semi-conductor has been achieved, and the 5nm corrosion machine has been validated and is expected to be in 2020.
2.2.1 National policy and funding are continuously being scaled up and equipment is being produced at the national level.
In 2015, the National Integrated Circuit Fund was set up to raise initial funds amounting to RMB 13.872 billion in direct equity equity for semiconductors.
In addition, as of June 2017, the investment fund for the local integrated circuit industry (which includes the financing of billions of dollars) would have pushed to $1 trillion if added to the large “two” fund that is being developed.
Large State funds for integrated circuits are already in intensive investment periods. There are a large number of enterprises in the upper-middle-down and downstream layouts, covering areas such as design ic, crystallization, and chip containment.
We believe that investment in equipment and policy support for future large funds and national industrial policies will accelerate. We expect that domestication of equipment will be a top priority for national production of ic. In September of this year, the large fund invested 55 projects, involving 40 ic enterprises, and committed $10.3 billion in real funding.
65.3 billion. The share of manufacturing is currently 65%, 17% for design, 10% for sealing, and 8% for preparation. The chip manufacturing chain has now supported the production of crystal-cylinder-generation plants and storage plants such as the Long River Storage, which are advanced processes, such as the China-Chole International, while the design sector is mainly investing in high-end chips such as cpu, fpga;
In contrast, large funds invest much less in equipment and materials, but are still moving forward with core equipment such as light etching, etching, film deposition, etc. Large funds will increase their investment in design, as appropriate, around national strategies and emerging industries.
In the future, investments in large funds will be tilted toward semiconductor equipment. The current investment in large state funds at the end of equipment and materials is low, accounting for only 8% of total investment.
And it's a fine division of labor, and only if the equipment is nationalized will it be able to master the core process, and it is now truly nationalized, and it is expected that future state funds will continue to tilt toward the end of the equipment. The middle emblem semiconductor has strong shareholders; the large fund holds nearly 20% of the share.
The company’s second-largest shareholder holds 19.39% of the investment, and the investment is a 100% holding subsidiary of the national integrated circuits Industrial Investment Fund (the “large fund”) so that the company’s equity structure will remain stable for the long term.
As early as 2015, China and China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund Inc. and the Eastern Central Sioux State Investment Fund Centre announced that they had completed their investment in Shen Yangtze Technology Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Taku”) for a total of RMB 270 million.
2.2.2 The etching is at the key of crystal circle manufacturing, and the importance of the future as the process progresses is highlighted. Erosion is a key step after light etching, primarily the removal of excess etching material. Medium- and low-level plasma etching is the production of plasma under the influence of energy, the operation of the corresponding film surfaces, the occurrence of certain chemical and physical reactions.
Selective removal of unwanted film from the silicon surface to form the graphics needed to make the chip. Figure 22: Erosional diagrams, depending on the process, can be divided into dry etching and wet etching. Wet etching is a liquid chemical reagent.
Material that removes silicon surfaces chemically (e.g. acids, alkalis, solvents, etc.). Dry etchings are those that expose silicon surfaces to plasma produced in a gaseous state, where plasmas are physically or chemically reacted (or both) to silicon through a window opened by photo-coated silicon, thus removing exposed surface materials; plasma etchings are one of the dry etchings.
Dry etchings are divided into three main types: metal etching, medium etching, and silicon etching. The three types of etchings are mainly different from the medium.
Aluminium alloy composites are removed, interconnection is made, and moderate nitrogen titanium etchings are internationally certified in the center core. Figure 23: Medium and Micro companies are now mainly plasma etching, crystal circle manufacturing is mainly plasma etching. Wet etching occurs earlier, usually on low end products.
The corrosion is typically an energy beam etching, including ion beams, electronic beams, laser beams, etc., with the advantage of high accuracy and no contamination residues, and the crystal circle is made for plasma etching under dry etching. The plasma etching machine is mainly used to produce logic or to store crystalline mills. The thickness of the corrosion of the thin film is etched.
It's a bit thinner than a silicon pore etching machine, which is shallow in depth, but with a smaller line width, which is used in processes that require greater accuracy; it's also relatively expensive, usually millions of dollars apiece, with different numbers of cavity configurations and software applications, and a much larger one-size difference. The silicon pore etching machine is used mainly on envelopes, and holes are dug on silicon crystal discs to encrypt chips.
The overall state-of-the-art state of the country’s corrosion machines is still behind international advanced levels, but some areas have already reached international first-line levels. National equipment and equipment suppliers such as wood, applications, Tokyo electronics, etc. have a distance from their technology.
At present, the share of medium-sized semiconductors is 1.4% in the corrosion sector, and the domestic monopoly of foreign manufacturers has been broken. Corporate corrosion equipment customers cover well-known producers of ic and sealers, including stand-up power, middle-core international, U.S. electronics, wilaya electrons, Hercules, Yangtze storage, Chinese electronics, crystals.
In the next two years, local governments will build crystal-crystal mills that are still hot, etching, and equipment manufacturers will have such advantages as value for money and after-sales services on the new production line of the indigenous crystal-crystal plant, so we'll be able to judge that market penetration rates will continue to rise in the low- and medium-sized parts of the country.
The market size of etching equipment exceeded 40 billion in 2019 and 2020, assuming that our share of investment in semiconductor equipment in 2019 and 2020 remained at around 80 per cent, with corrosion equipment accounting for 24 per cent of crystalline manufacturing equipment.
Assumption 2: The revised value of semiconductor equipment based on Semi ' s forecast in December 2018 was the size of the market for semiconductor equipment on mainland China in 2019 and 2020, when Semi expected sales of semiconductor equipment on mainland China in 2019 and 2020 to be $125,400 and $17.6 billion, respectively.
In addition to the US$ 12.8 billion projected by Semi for mainland China in 2018, we expect US$ 13.5 billion to be invested in semiconductor equipment in mainland China in 2019 and 2020, respectively, as a result of the boom in the construction of the domestic crystal mill in 2019, assuming that the RMB exchange rate of 3 July 2019 was used as the exchange rate for the exchange rate of the US dollar, that is, US$ 1
In sum, we expect the market for semiconductor corrosion equipment to exceed RMB 40.9 billion in 2019 and 2020.
Metal organic chemical phase deposition (mocvd) is a new technology developed on the basis of gas phase growth (vpe) to prepare a single crystal membrane for the semiconductor of a compound. The mocvd technology is gaining importance, mainly because it has some notable features: 1) synthetic composite materials that can be synthesized in any proportion: 2) can be made.
The mocvd technology is an emerging science technology that cuts across subjects such as semiconductor physics, physicochemistry, optical, hydrodynamics, and thermals, but the key is the development of metal organic compounds (mo) and mocvd equipment.
One of the core technologies of the led industry is the extension technology, the core of which is the growth of a semiconductor outer layer of compounds in mocvd equipment (commonly known as the outer extension furnace) with only a few micrometer thickness. The mocvd equipment is the most important in the production of the led industry, and its value is half that of the entire industrial chain (extended chip, encapsulation and application).
The number of mocvd devices is an intuitive measure of the capacity of the manufacturer of led. As top, middle, and chip technology, there are strict technical barriers at the international level that are held by a small number of companies in the US, Japan, Germany, and the world's formerly capable of producing mocvd equipment, mainly in Germany, and in the United States of America.
In recent years, the rapid development of our led chip industry has contributed to the rapid growth of mocvd equipment, which is the core equipment of the industry. According to the high-manufacturing led data, our mocvd equipment holdings have grown from 1,017 in 2013.
By 2017, 1718, with a 14% annual compound growth rate. Ledinside statistics show that China has become the world’s largest demand market for mocvd equipment, with mocvd holding more than 40% of the world’s equipment.
The mocvd equipment is used mainly for the growth of nitrogen-based and arsenic-based semiconductor materials. According to the ledinside data, 215 new quantities of global nitrazine-based ledmocvd were added in 2018, and led's new display of arsenic-based mocvd is gradually becoming a hot spot for the industry, with products in the field of physical sewn, displaying effects, power consumption, etc.
There are superior performances in terms of useful life, with middle and microlled features such as high resolution, high brightness, power saving and rapid response, which are considered a new generation of display techniques, with international electronic equipment leaders such as Apple, Samsung, lg, Sony, etc.
According to China ' s Industrial Information Network (CIIN), the size of the market was 42.5 billion, 54.9 billion and 72.7 billion in China for 2015-2017, and more than 30% of the cagr was higher than in other sub-applications. With the maturity of miniled and micro-led technology in the future, Led shows that the industry is expected to grow rapidly, with Led lighting forming a double-wheel drive for mocvd
Focusing on semiconductor equipment subsectors, accelerating catch-up with international taps 3.1. Mocvd is based on corrosion equipment, and mocvd is significantly enhanced
Since its inception, Sino-micro has been working on the development of etching equipment, starting with the development of a very high frequency (VHF)-coupled ccp etching device, prmod-rie. The etching product currently covers critical dimensions ranging from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm or even 5 nm. The company ' s plasma etching equipment has been manufactured and advanced in integrated circuits for international front-line customers.
In the area of corrosion equipment, pan-forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, applications, etc., leading international semiconductor firms hold a major global market share and now have a monopoly pattern. After more than a decade of effort, the center and center etching equipment at the high end takes place.
Major breakthroughs have been made in this area, with the capacity of national production to replace imports and the provision of equipment for some of the international semiconductor poles. The 5nm plasma etching machine, developed by the company itself, has been validated by the power builder and will supply a 5nm production line with corrosion equipment.
Minimal capacitive etching equipment accounts for about 1.4 per cent of the global market. Companies are competitive in the domestic corrosion market, with a share in the domestic corrosion equipment market, based on the share of orders in the number of corrosion equipment stations purchased by two well-known domestically-received storage chip manufacturing companies.
The company's rapid growth in the mocvd area of equipment, with its presmoa7 equipment technology especially prominent, has broken the monopoly of international firms like Vieco, Axeqiang. In recent years, the company has been part of the global market for nitrified eldmocvd.
Mocvd’s share in the global addition of nitrochemical eledmocvd equipment in 2018 rose from less than 20% in q1 in 2017 to more than 70% in q4 in 2018. Mocvd equipment developed by the company’s own ownership has been used for triam, Xian, Xian, dry, Xi, etc.
Many of the country’s leading led extension and chip manufacturers procured a large amount of mocvd’s hand-orders from $288 million to $1,359 million in 2016-2018. The company is also developing larger-sized mocvd equipment, which is not expected to capture the market share of mocvd further.
3.2. The equipment in question is an international leader and is expected to be more important in the future than in the shoulder industry. Corporate equipment is used mainly for integrated circuits and light electronic devices represented by led. The combined sale of these two types of products accounts for more than 90 per cent of the global sales of semiconductor products and is the most important component of semiconductor products.
In the corrosion equipment industry, where companies have major competitors such as pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, appliance materials, and in the North, which is a well-known company in the country; in the led mocvd equipment industry, companies have major competitors such as Vieco, Ezvén.
Among them, the pan forest semiconductor, Tokyo electronics, and the application material are the champions of the semiconductor equipment industry, where companies still have a large gap in semiconductor preparation, but are already internationally competitive in corrosion equipment. Companies have been successful in developing high-productivity technologies for double-reaction counters for corrosion equipment, with a technological advantage in terms of more efficient production per unit area while setting them up.
In case of reduced costs, the technology is applied to corrosion equipment such as Primod-rie, Primoad-rie and Tsv. Figure 36: Double-reaction station etching equipment The company's main products in the area of corrosion equipment are capacitative plasma etching equipment, electro-sensive plasma etching
Equipment and deep silicon etching equipment (tsv series), which, after more than a decade of research and development, has acquired core technology in these product fields and successfully applied it to the product for the primary business. Since 2012, the company has successfully developed the first mocvd device, prsmod-blue, for seven years.
With the development and improvement of equipment technologies, the rapid pursuit of competitors and the successful occupation of the nitrous nitrous silicone mocvd equipment market, companies already have advanced international technology in this area and are expected to gain greater market space in the future as Miniled and Microlle develop.
At present, the etching industry is still at the forefront of the pan forest semiconductor. Many engineers in China Micro have been employed in the pan forest semiconductor. Although there is still a distance between suppliers of domestic equipment and international semiconductor equipment, such as panforest and Tokyo Electronics, technology in the latter part of the world is largely on track from a technical point of view, mainly in terms of production applications.
Weaknesses. Because these companies have more long-term clients, they form binding relationships, they develop equipment with their clients, which requires a certain amount of accumulation through a certain cycle. It is expected that, as the company continues to grow, its relationship with its customers will also create a virtuous circle of progress in research and development in cooperation with high-quality clients.
Figure 39: Net interest rate of the company is negative and operating well (in %) Figure 40: High R & D expenditure of the company as a percentage of revenue (in %) The biggest rival in the area of corrosion equipment is the pan forest semiconductor, which currently exists with the company and the pan forest.
Large gaps are mainly due to the late start and insufficient core technology. The MSMEs keep adding to their existing technological reserves that companies are expected to produce more internationally competitive equipment, continue to upgrade their capabilities through cooperation with internationally recognized clients, and continue to narrow the gap between the international semiconductor equipment taps.
4.1. Core assumptions and profit projections. Medium and Medium Semiconductor Equipment (Shanghai) Ltd. is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment to provide highly competitive high-end equipment and high-quality services to global integrated circuit and led chip manufacturers
Semiconductor manufacturers and their associated high-tech start-up companies provide technological solutions for processing equipment and processes. Sino-micro and four American-Japanese companies, namely, Panforest semiconductors, applied materials, Tokyo Electronics, Japan, etc., have formed the first international equator to supply an etching machine for the 7 nanochips production line, which is now expected to be matched by a 5 nanocarbing machine that has been validated by a build-up power.
Ben's fund-raising will be invested, in turn, in projects such as the high-end semiconductor equipment upgrading project, the 400 million dollar technology research and development centre construction upgrading project, and the remaining $200 million in supplementary liquidity, which is expected to expand the company's existing capacity to further upgrade its technology research and development capabilities, scale its operations and profitability.
Specialized equipment operations: including mocvd equipment and etching machines. The main client of the mocvd equipment is a domestic and foreign led manufacturer, which has largely completed import substitution and will increase at the same rate as the future industry; The etching business has developed rapidly in recent years, and the country's crystallizers are still heavily dependent on imported equipment.
In the future, it is hoped that with the increase in technology in the medium and the medium, the share of domestic equipment in the market will increase rapidly, and that companies are now entering the supply chain system of power generation and the supply chain system of other international crystalline mills, so that the corrosion industry will grow faster than the mocvd equipment.
The spare parts operations and equipment maintenance operations are new businesses generated by the company's income size and the number of clients in stock, and we expect the business to grow at a faster rate than it is in the future, with a high rate of Maori, a high degree of customer stickyness, a large market space and a very high rate of growth.
Assuming that company semiconductor equipment, such as an etching machine, is accompanied by an acceleration in investment in domestic crystallizers and a national production rate of semiconductor equipment, annual operating income of 2.270 billion, 2.84 billion and 3.55 billion, respectively, increases of 38 per cent, 25 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively.
The main thrust is the High-end Semiconductor Equipment Expansion Project, where it is expected that after the release of high-end corrosion equipment, the company's intake and Māori rates will increase significantly; and the increased capacity of the high-end mocvd equipment upgrade will help companies to upgrade high-end systems such as “Blue Green Lightledmocvd”, “High-temperature mocvd”, “Silicon-based nitrous thorium power mocvd”
The combined strength of the listed products will help companies move to high-end and professionalization; the main investment of $401 million in fund-raising projects will be the Technology Research and Development Centre Building and Upgrading Project, which will help companies to improve their research and development capabilities for new products. The main business of the comparable company, North Huatuan, is currently electronic process equipment (including photovoltaic equipment and integrated circuits).
Equipment) and electronic components, due to the low general Māori rate in the electronic component business, the low level of scarcity, the lack of high valuation energy, and the fact that the market has given North China a high valuation of its integrated circuit equipment, the actual value of the integrated circuit equipment is much higher than the overall valuation of the company and is expected to be more than 100 times higher: Hasegawa Science and Technology
The main operations are test machines and fractions in semiconductor containment equipment, which are much lower than the crystal circle in the semiconductor chip manufacturing chain, and therefore less valued than the crystal manufacturing equipment, and the medium-micro corrosion machine, which is the core of the crystal manufacturing chain, is valued higher than the technology in Hasegawa.
The primary component of the current revenue is the semiconductor process system, which has been relatively difficult to operate and has been valued as low; the wet cleaning equipment has been ordered in 2019 and has not yet begun to contribute.
Therefore, we believe that Sino-Micro is much more of a North Chinese company than a North Chinese company, but that Sino-Micro is a more homogeneous business, that specialized equipment is the main core business, that corrosion machines have high future potential and that mocvd equipment is high-end, and that it should be closer to the North Chinese valuation and should be close to, or slightly above, the North Chinese valuation level, and that because of the Science Section,
One billion dollars, corresponding to a market value range of $14 billion to $17 billion. (2) Valuation method II: ps method (market sales rate) takes into account the fact that medium and medium are high-technology enterprises in growth and expansion, whether mocvd equipment or carpentry.
We believe that high R & D inputs can easily cause fluctuations in the net profit levels of companies, so it is reasonable to value companies using a ps valuation method.
The ps method does not apply in comparison. The ps method does not apply in relation to the North, where there is an electronic component business, and the ps method does not apply in comparison to the North. There are semiconductor system operations and semiconductor equipment in pure technology, which are similar to those in the three companies.
1) Industry Volatility Risks: The Integrated Circuit Specialized Equipment Industry is closely related to the development of the semiconductor industry, which is characterized by cyclical technological developments and cyclical market fluctuations. While the global semiconductor industry has moved into mature development in recent years, it is becoming less volatile and more cyclical, it remains subject to industry.
(b) Adverse effects of inherent cyclical fluctuations. 2) Clients explore the risk that a company ' s high concentration of customers may have adverse effects on its business performance in the event of a change in the business or financial position of the main customer or a change in the firm ' s stable partnership with the main customer
3) Technology development and the risk of a shortage of talent: There is still a gap between companies and internationally recognized enterprises in the field of integrated circuit testing equipment, and companies face the risk of becoming less competitive in the market if they are not able to keep pace with developments in manufacturing technology for domestic and foreign specialized equipment, or if there is insufficient investment in subsequent R & D. Moreover, firms do not receive timely financial support or recruitment
The recruitment of sufficient expertise may have a negative impact on the speed of corporate R & D. (Remark: ps in the financial forecast table, bps, calculated using post-issued equity) Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.