SAC Illustrated Investment Manual Analyst: Zhang Super Auto-Innovation, Organic Growing, Uplifting Industries New Star
On 19th of July 2019, Sino-micro focused on the field of high-end semiconductor equipment. Technology products were directed to the world's technological frontier and were the beginning of our semiconductor equipment industry.
Mid-Microcorp is the lead company in our high-end semiconductor microprocessors, whose scope of operations covers such high-end equipment as semiconductor integrated circuit manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, and led production. The main product consists of plasma etching equipment (ccp, icp), depth, which is used in the area of integrated circuits.
Silicon etching equipment (tsv) and mocvd equipment for the led chip field. The autonomous innovation of semiconductor equipment manufacturing techniques and the accumulation of experience in the company’s research and development team have now achieved etching applications ranging from 14 nm, 7 nm, to 5 nm in critical dimensions.
▪ A steady growth in performance, a strong core of technology, a leading market position, and a number of major national scientific and technological research projects, up to 239.
For example, companies purchase around 16% of their corrosion equipment orders. The domestic market has been accepted by major mainstream integrated circuit manufacturers, the volume of mocvd equipment sold by companies in 2018 was about 50% of the annual amount of additional equipment in the country, and the company mocvd equipment is already in the lead.
The semiconductor industry is available, and companies are expected to import alternatives. The semiconductor equipment industry is a technology-intensive industry with vast growth space. The equipment being developed by companies can be used for advanced encapsulations, mems, miniled and microled, etc.
They will continue to increase technological upgrading and market competitiveness through autonomous research and development and accelerate the pace of import substitution of semiconductor equipment. They will lead to the development of domestic semiconductor equipment and technology.
The loss of key skilled personnel, the shortage of top skilled personnel, the business risks associated with the high volatility of capital spending by downstream clients and the cyclical nature of the industry, the management and internal control risks associated with the expansion of the company's size.
China Micro Corporation, a self-innovation, organic growth, rising industry star 1.1 The Chinese emblem is the lead company in our high-end semiconductor insignia processing equipment, covering semiconductor integrated circuit manufacturing, advanced sealing.
The main products include plasma etching equipment (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching equipment (tsv) and film deposition equipment (mocvd equipment) for processing in blue green light, power devices, etc. The company brings together a large number of experienced technical experts and professionals, with 381 company R & D and engineering technicians as at 28 February 2019.
Nano, 7 nano, and 5 nanometer critical size etching applications. The company was founded on 19 May 2004 with a limited Chinese emblem, and is a foreign sole-owned enterprise indirectly owned by the Chinese emblem Asia (established on 19 April 2004) with a registered capital of US$20.00 million.
Cayman's overseas financing and employee options and equity schemes have addressed the financing requirements for corporate development, but the company's growing investment in research and development due to the company's financial, technological and industrial intensive industries has led it to start considering domestic listings, and in 2016, a small and medium-sized group began to move forward with domestic listings and to adjust its overseas structure, while at the same time starting with equity financing.
The specific changes in the company ' s overseas structure have undergone three main phases, namely, from February to October 2016, the withdrawal of some institutional investors through the replacement of financing and payment of equity buy-backs from exiting investors, and from November 2017 to December 2018, the conversion of interests of institutional investors at the meso-Cayman level to the meso- and meso-limited level through limited replenishment and sub-prime equity;
Finally, between November and December 2018, Münkerman further transformed the interests of its employees and other shareholders into Chart 2: details of the company ' s successive years of equity financing and changes. The structure of the company ' s equity is currently fragmented, with 6 shareholders of legal persons abroad, 20 shareholders of legal persons in the country and 8 shareholders of natural persons.
The share of the company ' s three former shareholders in Shanghai in innovation, investment in China and Nanchang in China reached 20 per cent, 19.4 per cent and 6.4 per cent, respectively, of which Shanghai innovating and investing in the development of the new technology industry was a special fund and a large-scale fund owned by the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, the first enterprise to invest in the country since the establishment of the Fund.
Following this reorganization, the company's holding companies, subsidiaries and subsidiaries include four offshore subsidiaries, an offshore branch and four domestic subsidiaries, of which the company's offshore holding subsidiaries and branches are primarily responsible for sales and after-sale services in their areas, while the domestic holding subsidiary is primarily responsible for the development and design of the company's own equipment products.
The company's current investment fund was used mainly for projects to build up and upgrade high-end semiconductor equipment and technology research and development centres, including high-yielding blue green light modmocvd, high-temperature mocvd, silicon-based nitrous thorium power application mocvd, mocvd equipment based on led displays, etc. 1.2 The company's performance has grown steadily and autonomous R & D is strong
With regard to other equipment, the collection rate of such equipment has remained at over 80 per cent; the remaining operational spare parts and maintenance of operational equipment is the result of a gradual increase in the share of the mocvd equipment, which has a relatively low Māori ratio in the main business of equipment, in recent years.
With respect to R & D inputs, the firms ' semiconductor equipment industries are technology-intensive, highly competitive, and the industries as a whole are characterized by large R & D inputs, fast product shifts, and high R & D risks, and companies always maintain a high R & D and higher R & D investment stock.
It is worth noting that, from 2017, companies will receive government subsidies to hedge corresponding R & D costs, while at the same time including R & D inputs that meet capitalization requirements as development expenditures. Moreover, R & D for capitalization-related projects is progressing well, with new high-capacity mocvd equipment and high-end mocvd equipment being developed and the rest steadily moving forward.
There are differences in design and function between the various products of the semiconductor industry. There are also differences in manufacturing processes and processes. The semiconductor industrial chain can be divided into upstream design, intermediate chip manufacturing and containment, and downstream end-product and derivative applications, depending on the main process of production.
As a semiconductor equipment manufacturer, currently in the chip manufacturing chain in the semiconductor industrial chain, the area of disaggregation falls within the upper part of the chip manufacturing. Since its inception, the company has focused on the development of large vacuum processes for processing micro-tools, while the sub-collar products can be classified by functional type into two main categories of ion etching equipment and mocvd equipment.
Plasma etching equipment is used mainly in the areas of emblems, integrated circuit seals, and mems sensors, while mocvd equipment is mainly used in the production and processing of products such as blue green light and power devices. Plasma etching equipment, the first hunting field since the establishment of the company, has made it possible, after many years of effort, that the company's etching equipment is already in progress.
With regard to mocvd equipment, the company has been developing and successfully developing its first mocvd equipment since 2010 and has so far developed three generations of mocvd equipment in this area. 2.1 etching equipment: up and running, leading the technology industry.
Company etching equipment is divided mainly into ccp, icp, and electrosensive deep silicon etching equipment, and so far the application of ccp etching equipment has covered the etching of media materials covering dimensions ranging from 65 nm to 7 nm. The icp etching device has also completed the application of key corrosion applications covering 14 nm, 7 nm to 5 nm.
The production process for corporate etching equipment consists mainly of small module assembly, reaction cavity assembly, transfer module assembly, system integration, final measurement and process calibration, disassembly and containerization steps.In this context, the company etching equipment is primarily a conservator of crystals, which are currently highly competitive and concentrated.
The company’s sales of corrosion equipment fell sharply in 2017, largely as a result of a cut in capital spending by a small number of customers. And in 2018, as a result of China’s sustained growth in investment by integrated circuit manufacturers, dominated by crystal-circle plants, corporate sales of corrosion equipment rose sharply to 71 cavities, a 120% increase in the same year, and sales revenue nearly doubled in the same year.
Currently, the company ' s products are industrialized with corrosion applications ranging from 65 nm to 7 nm in processing, while client validation of 7 nm to 5 nm in partial corrosion applications is under way in accordance with the needs of downstream integrated circuit manufacturers; at the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, the company ' s capacitivity, etc. ion etching equipment technology can be applied to the volume output of 64 floors, while the company sets 96 floors and more advanced corrosion in line with the needs of storage manufacturers
The company has also successfully developed electrical deep silicone etching equipment, in response to the demands of the integrated circuits advanced encapsulation and mems sensor industry. In terms of core technology, the company has always insisted on independent, autonomous research and development routes for equipment design and manufacture, and has carved equipment in the capacitated plasma.
In development, companies pioneered very high frequency (VHF) to coupling plasma etching techniques; in the development of electrosensive plasma sources, companies creatively designed new condensed circuit structures that significantly reduce the adverse effects of capacitive coupling. Overall, corporate corrosion technology and downstream integrated circuit industries are well integrated and at an international lead level.
2.2 mocvd equipment: industry leader, sales surge growth The company has been developing mocvd equipment since 2010 and has so far successfully developed three generations of mocvd equipment, including the first generation of presmod-blue, the second generation of presmoa7 and the third generation of 30 inches of large-sized equipment under development.
The production of mocvd equipment follows a modular production model. Small module assembly, reaction cavity assembly, transmission module assembly, split-and-packing steps are essentially similar to those of corrosion equipment. The reaction cavity test step and transmission module test steps are the completion of the reaction cavity and the transmission module, respectively, before the delivery of the module.
A series of hardware parameters are debugging and other necessary tests. Compared to the production of corrosion equipment, the modularized production model shifts the system integration, final measurement and process debugging steps to the client, increases independent response cavity test and transmission module testing, and the overall product assembly cycle is significantly lower than the corrosion equipment.
Although the center and center were initially dominated by corrosion equipment, the mocvd equipment has a high standard of standardization relative to corrosion equipment, which makes it easier to manufacture and sell in bulk. The sales volume of the equipment went from 3 cavities in 2016 to 57 cavities in 2017, both in volume and in value, catching $530 million, representing about 55 per cent of the total collection.
Nearly 86% long, and the high sales of equipment in 2017 led to a significant increase in spare parts revenue for equipment, allowing company mocvd equipment revenue to continue its high growth rate in 2018. In inches of extended processing capacity.
At that time, the company is developing larger-sized mocvd equipment, which will contribute to the further development of the industry. The future will provide greater market space for mocvd equipment in the context of red yellow light, ultraviolet light, power devices, and the emerging markets of miniled and microled.
The company has undertaken five major national scientific and technological research projects, as well as many other major research projects. It has also further upgraded its research and development and innovation capabilities in the relevant series of equipment in the course of scientific projects, and has successfully developed and industrialized a number of home-grown corrosion and mocvd equipment with autonomous intellectual property rights. As of February 2019, the company ' s mandated patents totalled 951 and are in the process of being applied.
Third, to increase autonomous R & D, and to further improve the competitiveness of the products of M & M companies across a new generation of information technology and high-end equipment manufacturing, producing microprocessed high-end equipment mainly for semiconductor products.
High-end semiconductor equipment, with corrosion equipment mainly serving integrated circuit manufacturing companies, and mocvd equipment mainly serving optical electronics manufacturing companies like led. As a technical leader of a domestic chip enterprise, the media etching equipment introduced by the company has been adopted by several internationally recognized companies. In 2015, the US Department of Commerce was even more concerned by the company’s development of an equivalent quantity of “equal-quality etching machine products” from US equipment companies.
This led to the elimination of export controls on our plasma etching equipment for many years.
Mocvd Equipment Mocvd equipment has been procured in large quantities by multiple-stream chip manufacturers such as PV San and PV.
The semiconductor industry is the backbone of the electronic information industry, whose products are widely used in such industries as electronic communications, computers, network technology, and networks, and are a core component of most electronic equipment. Our semiconductor industry as a whole is in a spiral-up process, according to wsts, from 2013 to 2018, the global semiconductor market.
The size of the field rose rapidly from $305.6 billion to $468.8 billion, with an average annual composite growth rate of 8.93 per cent. In the semiconductor industry, the global market for integrated circuits, optical electronic devices, separation devices and sensors was $393.3 billion, $38 billion, $24.1 billion and $13.4 billion, respectively, representing 83.9 per cent, 8.1 per cent, 5.1 per cent and 2.9 per cent, respectively.
The semiconductor equipment is the upper core of the semiconductor chain, and the semiconductor equipment industry is the cornerstone of the semiconductor chip manufacture and even of the entire semiconductor chain, given that the technology level of the semiconductor equipment is ahead of the technological level required for manufacturing semiconductor products.
3.1 Erosion equipment orders have risen significantly, breaking domestic monopolistic patterns Integrated circuits as the largest semiconductor product, with their overall growth at a higher level within the semiconductor industry. For me, the $155 billion has been expanded to about $155 billion. The self-sufficiency rate was about 15% in 2018. In the face of the huge market demand for integrated circuits in the country, the market is self-supporting.
The rate is relatively low, and the domestic market, as a segment of the industry, has a relatively low self-sufficiency rate of only about 5 per cent, as can be seen from the relatively large market space for the national production of the integrated circuit equipment, which includes crystal circle manufacturing equipment, containment equipment, testing equipment and other equipment, and crystal circle manufacturing equipment is integrated circuit equipment.
The largest segment of the market, according to the Semi data, in 2017 corrosion equipment, light engraved machines and thin membrane sediment equipment accounted for approximately 24 per cent, 23 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, of the value of the equipment, which is particularly important in the manufacture of integrated circuits as a whole.
In the first place, the North’s Initiation is the beginning of the country. The pan forest semiconductor has a wide range of corrosion equipment, which is now the leading industry, with a market share of 55 per cent in 2017, followed by Tokyo’s electronics, with a market share of 20 per cent, and applications of about 19 per cent. These three giants accounted for 94 per cent of the market’s total share in 2017.
Erosion equipment is characterized by a high concentration of industry and a marked technical barrier. Corporate sales of corrosion equipment are mainly capacitative, and, according to gartner data, the share of corporate capacitive etching equipment in the global market is about 1.4%.
In the domestic market, for example, based on the share of orders for the number of corrosion devices purchased by two well-known domestic chip manufacturers and a well-known domestic company for logical circuitry, companies purchase more than 15% of their corrosion equipment orders.
According to Semi’s projections, China’s investment in integrated circuit equipment between 2019 and 2020 is expected to reach $12.54 billion and $17. According to the company’s equity statement, crystal circle manufacturing equipment is over 80% of the size of the market in integrated circuit manufacturing equipment.
On the basis of this data, the share of corrosion equipment in the total integrated circuit manufacturing equipment is estimated to be about 19%, and the overall size of the domestic corrosion equipment market is expected to reach $23.8 billion and $3.24 billion between 2019 and 2020. The company will still have significant market development space in the future.
The mocvd equipment industry is an international leader in the led industrial chain, which is divided mainly into liner processing, outer chip production, chip manufacturing and device encapsulation, with the outer chip as an important part of the production of the led chip, and the equipment required as mocvd equipment, the only process in the chain that can be achieved by a single device.
The production of the most important equipment in the chain of led industry, which is also the most important indicator of the capacity of the manufacturer of led, is currently purchased in terms of the total input of the production line, the encumbrance of the device, the sticker, the crystalline, the welding table, the glue machine, etc.
Currently, mocvd equipment is used mainly for the expansion of nitro- and arsenic-based aluminum semiconductor materials, and according to the data from ledinside, in 2018 the mocvd equipment accounted for about 77% of the total market share of mocvd.Mocvd downstream applications are mainly blue lightled, and will be accompanied by further technological development, and can also be used in green lightled,
The market is expected to expand even further, with the development of mocvd equipment that companies are developing covering such product areas as ultraviolet led, miniled, etc. With the continued presence of led lighting in the lighting industry penetration and the new double-wheel-drive development model of the industry showing alternative growth in the industry, the mocvd equipment industry is expected to hold incremental space.
With regard to mocvd equipment, in addition to the major international equipment manufacturers mentioned above, there are two major manufacturers in the market, Vieco and Eichmann, mainly from the development and production of film-processing equipment. Ever since the company successfully developed the microsmoa7 mocvd equipment in 2017, the company has gradually broken its monopoly market, headed by Vieco and Esther. According to ihsmarkit, the company ' s mocvd equipment took over global nitrazine in 2018.
Kiled added 41% to the market using mocvd. By 2017, China’s share of mocvd equipment had increased from 1222 to 1718, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18%, and our total number of mocvd equipment in 2018 was more than 1900, an increase of over 200 more than in 2017.
As a result of a significant increase in the volume of new equipment from 1.2 per cent in 2016 to around 50 per cent in 2018, the company ' s mocvd equipment is in the lead in both domestic and foreign markets. 3.3 Comparison of financial data of domestic and foreign semiconductor equipment manufacturers
On the revenue side, the company received $1.639 billion in 2018, compared to $3,729, 20,84 and 3,324 million in 2018 in Vieco, Eichiang and North China, respectively. In 2018, the company received $762.18, 1187.13 and $7,145.7 billion respectively, well above the size of the company. This is mainly due to the fact that the global market for corrosion equipment has been operated by the pan forest semiconductors, applications and applications.
Materials and Tokyo's three electronics companies dominate, and companies differ significantly from these three companies in terms of both size and market share. The company’s primary business performance in 2018 was slightly lower than that of the international manufacturers mentioned above, mainly as a result of the company’s price reduction strategy and the restructuring of its products under the flag.
Downstream customers of mocvd equipment are mainly manufacturers of led chips, which are relatively standardized and have a lower Māori rate. Since 2017, the company has been gradually overtaking mocvd equipment, which has reduced the overall Māori ratio of the company.
In 2018, the company seized a larger share of the market. With respect to corrosion equipment, the company ' s rate of carving equipment reached 46.2% in 2018, and the three major international etching equipment giants -- Applied Materials, Tokyo Electronics and Panforests -- the Māori rate was also higher than 40% in 2018, comparable to the three major players, compared with the Māori rate of the country ' s North China in 2018, which was 38.38% in 2018, which is slightly lower than that of the company.
The Division’s asset-liability rate has improved significantly, and is close to industry averages. This is mainly due to the high level of prior corporate R & D investment and the large accumulated losses.
The environment is also more comparable between the main business and the technology. It's the North: four major applications across ic, led, display, photovoltaic, and downstream clients have a wealth of resources. It's the North, where the current product types cover a number of semiconductor industrial chains, such as etching, cleaning, chemical gas deposition, and so on, and it should be widely accepted.
For downstream integrated circuits, semiconductor lighting, photovoltaics, etc., the types of equipment and downstream applications are well known in our semiconductor equipment industry. And the company has a multi-area layout strategy, and its downstream clients are now rich in resources, with mainstream manufacturing enterprises in the fields of energy luminum, led lighting, panel display and integrated circuits, including Lungi shares, San An PV, Kyoto East and Central Cube International, respectively.
Micro- and Middle Corporations: Specialized in the fields of ic and led, with a relatively high concentration of customers, as a supplier of semiconductor equipment in the area of mocvd equipment that started with corrosion equipment and then grew rapidly, companies tend to operate in fewer and more sophisticated ways than the vast and complete product layout of the North, by increasing their investment in research and development of their own equipment technology.
With its expertise in equipment development and development, companies have attracted high-quality domestic and international semiconductors, such as power generation, China Harbour International, and triam. In terms of customer concentration, while the concentration of company clients declined from 2016 to 2018, its client concentration is still higher than that of North China in 2018, as the company ' s current business coverage remains relatively small.
Figure 29: Comparison of the type of equipment covered with downstream applications Figure 30: Comparison of the distribution of major clients
North China Innovation Integrated circuits: Central Harbour International, Yangtze Storage Integrated circuits: China Harbour International
Led Lighting: San An Lighting: San An Lighting: China Light Power: Photovoltaic Energy: Lungi Holdings
The panel shows that Kyoto East is involved in the technological processes of etching equipment and in research and development. We can sort the equipment according to the materials, methods, and applications. Depending on the material, the corrosion equipment can be divided into metal etching, medium etching, and silicon etching.
Media and silicon etching technologies are the two most important applications in the market today. And companies and North China are now specializing in medium etching and silicon etching, respectively.
Erosion materials, etching methods, etching applications.
Metal etching, logical storage, dry etching.
Mems medium etching silicon etching
Wet etching image-sense North China, after many years of research and development on corrosion equipment, has now achieved a wide range of corrosion applications of 90-28 nanometer sizes.
And the company will continue to develop its research and development inputs into advanced processes up to 14 nanometers. The company’s main product model now includes nmc508c8 inch silicon carving machines, nmc612c12 inch silicon etching machines, and nmc612d12 inch silicon carving machines.
The company’s technology has covered multiple critical dimensions of carving applications ranging from 65 to 5 nanometers, and the company’s current backbone’s medium etching equipment model includes pprimo d-rie and pprimoad-rie. By the end of 2018, more than 1,100 reaction stations had been built to serve more than 40 advanced chip production lines in the country and abroad.
Thus, while the scope of the company in the area of product coverage is somewhat less extensive than in the North, the research and development and depth of its corrosive technology are corrosive, with the equipment industry leading the way, and with the company's accumulated future technological and R & D experience, it will further increase the competitive advantage of the company in the area of segmentation and contribute to the progressive development of the company's products and services.
The company will seek to develop into an international first-class semiconductor equipment company around its core competitiveness through autonomous innovation, organic growth, and appropriate merger acquisition strategies over the next decade. The company is currently developing products based on such key equipment as plasma etching equipment, film deposition, etc. produced in semiconductor front lanes, and has gradually begun to grow.
In the future, companies will grow in combination with benign endogenouss and will continue to expand market coverage of products through extended growth, such as mergers and acquisitions, and will continue to invest more in core technology research and development and innovative applications. The semiconductor equipment industry is a technology-intensive industry with vast growth space.
Companies will continue to promote higher technology levels and market competitiveness through autonomous research and development, leading to the development of semiconductor equipment and technology in the country.
Risks; management and internal control risks associated with the expansion of the size of the company.