Global Semiconductor Devices New Star, which rises — Chinese Insignia for the first time covered the report — Global Semiconductor Equipment New Star, leading by carving and mocvd equipment technology
As a global semiconductor equipment nuclei, deep-cut corrosion and mocvd equipment, the main customers are known offshore and offshore enterprises such as tiles, Yangtze storage, sk Hercules, and triam. In 2018, the company grew by 69% and net profits by 204%, respectively, with no profitability.
We believe that China Micro has taken the lead in breaking out of the import substitution of advanced process core equipment, high technical barriers and customer recognition, and greater certainty of growth. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
According to Semi, the size of semiconductor equipment in mainland China amounted to $13.1 billion in 2018, representing 20.3% of the world ' s total, and in 2013-2018 it increased at a combined rate of 31%, the fastest market in all regions of the world. We believe that the global semiconductor capacity is being transferred to China, with the Chinese semiconductor equipment market.
In 2018, the sale of semiconductor equipment was $10.9 billion, the national production rate was about 13%, and the national production rate of core equipment was still low. According to our statistics, the total investment in the built semiconductor line is now close to $90 billion, and Semi predicts that semiconductor equipment will be needed in the mainland region in 2020.
We believe that local producers such as Yangtze storage, Nakaki International, etc., invest more, that the low national production of core equipment is expected to improve, and that there is a huge market space for alternative domestic production of high-quality semiconductors.
In the area of corrosion, the company has access to both ccp and icp etching technology pathways, the medium corrosion is the product of the advantage, and the medium is the product of the advantage.
At the point of the process, the company's carver was the first to be certified through the 7nm process and started to develop 5nm process equipment, the country's leading; in the area of mocvd, the company's market share continued to rise, the global market share was about 65 per cent in the second half of 2018, and the international leading firms Veeco and Veeco were completed.
Aixtron’s replacement. The company’s core technical team is strong and, through long-term high R & D inputs and the accumulation of major national scientific expertise, the key performance parameters for equipment products are at the international lead level and will benefit fully from the domestic production of semiconductor equipment in the domestic market.
The advantages of semiconductor etching equipment and mocvd equipment over the years were highlighted by the advantages of semiconductor etching equipment and mocvd equipment in the domestic semiconductor equipment tap, layout etching and mocvd equipment.
Arm (Shanghai) Ltd., established in 2004 and based in Zhang Jiangko, Shanghai. Nakaki is a Chinese-based, global-oriented high-end semiconductor microprocessor, deep-dry chip manufacturing etching and film deposition, and has developed the country's first medium etching machine for integrated circuit equipment.
In terms of corrosion equipment, China Micro started in 2004 with the development of very high frequency (VHF)-coupled ccp etching equipment, and developed three generations of corrosion machine products. In 2012, the company started the development of icp etching equipment and successfully developed a single reaction station, Primonanova etching equipment. In terms of film deposition equipment, the company began to develop applications for film deposition equipment in 2010.
Led extended mocvd equipment. At present, China and Micro has developed the first generation of prismod-blue, and the second generation of prismoa7, while developing the third generation of 30-inch mocvd devices.
First ccp etching, pprimoad-rie, first silicon etching
Pre-product promod- pre-product development
Rie has successfully developed ccp etching equipment, the first icp etching device.
First mocvd set up the first voc device product Primosscad-
Successful development of product prismod - product prmonanova
ree etching equipment development blue successful mocvd equipment production
Improve premoad - Continue to lead half of the country
Pprismoa7 initial rie and entering a7 reaction cavity transport.
At present, China Micro has multi-module, mass-produced electron plasma etching equipment, electro-sensive plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment and volc equipment, with major equipment reaching internationally advanced technological water level. The electron etching equipment of China Microcorporate has been widely applied to international frontline customers from 65 nm to 65 nm.
14 nm, 7 nm, and 5 nm of integrated circuit processing and advanced encapsulation. Mocvd equipment from China Insignia produces large quantities of equipment from industry leading customers on the industry leading customers’ production line. 1.2, corporate equity structure is fragmented, Shanghai is the first major shareholder.
Sino-micro was established in May 2004 with funding from China and Asia, and was established as a foreign sole-owned enterprise with a registered capital of US$ 20 million. In mid-2016, it began to adjust its overseas structure and introduce domestic financing, regrouping China and China, under the same control, and purchasing its holdings from China and Asia.
On the 31st of July, the base date was 31st, when the limited size of the company was changed to foreign investment GmbH. The company ' s equity structure was fragmented, there were no controlling shareholders and no actual controlling persons, and Shanghai created the first shareholder.
There are eight shareholders in natural persons, including those holding more than 5% of the issuer’s shares or voting rights, including those in Shanghai: Initiating, investing, Nanchang Chihuahua, investing in all, micro-Asia, grenade, bootes, futago, happy oranges, oranges, oranges, oranges, and oranges. There are no controlling shareholders because of the fragmented structure of the company’s equity.
Of these, the Shanghai National Investment Commission (SCM) of all Shanghai Entrepreneurship Investments Ltd. is the current first shareholder in China. It holds 20.02% of the shares in China and Micro Corporation.
1.3 In 2018, there was a high growth in net profits and increased profitability. In 2017-2018, there was a rapid increase in income and a positive shift in net profits. The company’s main business product consisted of capacitive plasma etching equipment, electrosensive plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment, volc equipment, etc.
The rate of internalization has gradually increased, resulting in higher levels of corporate profitability. After positive profits in 2017, net net profits in 2018 and mid-2018 were realized, and the volume of corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment produced and sold increased significantly in 2018.
The sales of equipment were 56 cavities, affected by the decline in capital spending by a small number of clients in 2017, with the sales of corrosion equipment falling by 41 to 33 on a year-to-year basis. In 2018, the company seized the opportunity of growth in investment in mainland China ' s ic market, the sales of corrosion equipment and 136 cavities, and in 2017, the company ' s Prismoa7 equipment products were fully recognized by its customers, in mainland China.
By comparing production with sales, it can be found that the quantities of corrosion equipment not required for research and development in 2018, mocvd equipment with 16 cavities and 67 cavities, respectively, are expected to be delivered and sold in 2019, laying the basis for performance in 2019.
The price was $7.96 million per cavity, a decrease of 9 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the higher sales revenue of the company ' s Primoscad-rie model, which was a single cavity reaction station, at a lower price than other single-cam multi-reaction station equipment.
The higher product of the d-blue model resulted in a significant increase in the average price of mocvd equipment in 2017 of between 79.2 and 9.304 million yuan per cavity. In 2018, the company, in an effort to further increase its market share, strategically reduced the price of the product, resulting in a decline in the average price of the Mocvd equipment in comparison to the same price of between 15.6 and 7.84 million yuan per cavity.
The average price of mocvd equipment sales declined by 15.6 per cent in 2018, the average price of corrosion equipment sales fell by 9 per cent in 2018, and revenue grew rapidly, partly because of the rapid increase in investment in the continental crystallization, chip and led industries in 2017.
Long, on the other hand, because of the success of the company’s new equipment development in Prismoa7, the pre-mocvd equipment, which was monopolized mainly by Veeco and aixtron in 2017, has gradually been replaced by Veeco and aixtron equipment in the domestic market, based on ihsmarkit.
In mid-2018, MSMEs dominated the global market for nitrazine-based equipment, Māori levels were similar to those of comparable companies at home and abroad, and cash flows from business activities improved. Sino-Micro companies are mainly international semiconductor quality firms such as Lam, amat, tel, Veeco, aixtron, etc.
In 2016-2018, the Māori rate was 42.52%, 38.59%, and -150 million and -261 million, respectively. In 2018, the cash flow of the company’s operations was reversed and the quality of its operations improved significantly as a result of the increase in advance payments and the acceleration of the return of receivables.
In 2018, the cash flow of the company’s operations continued to grow from negative to positive. Advance payments and inventory continued to grow. In mid-2018, MSMEs received $679 million in advance and stock, respectively.
At the end of 2018, Moi ordered 1,589 million and estimated to have signed more than 2 billion new orders in 2018. According to the disclosure data from the company ' s offer statement, the total value of the company ' s purchase orders at the end of 2018 was 1,589 million yuan, compared with the total value of the purchase orders at the end of 2018.
The value of corrosion equipment at the end of 2018 was 230 million yuan and the value of mocvd equipment at the end of 2018 was 1.36 billion yuan. The average revenue of company etching equipment and mocvd equipment was recognized for 5.7 months and 10.6 months, respectively, and according to the disclosure, the value of corrosion equipment orders signed after June 2018
In the case of hand orders and revenue recognition, the company is estimated to have signed new single orders in 2018 in excess of $2 billion. At the end of 2018, MSMEs had a hand order of about $1,589 million.
The following table shows that the main comparable companies in China and China are the cornerstones of semiconductor chip manufacture in the reporting period, and that self-control is the main direction.
2.1. The semiconductor industry is a typical capital-intensive industry with a large market space. The semiconductor industry is a strategic, fundamental and leading industry for the development of modern economies.
According to the International Monetary Fund, the value-chain magnification effect of the US dollar has created an important role for the semiconductor sector in the national economy. Semiconductors are closely linked to the process of information security development, which the world’s governments view as the backbone of the country’s economy.
The semiconductor industry chain is numerous, with a high degree of specialization. The semiconductor industry chain consists of three main links, up and down: ic design, crystal circle manufacturing, and seal testing, application.
Product demand, product function design chips, and entrusting them to the crystal circle plant for production processing; crystal circle manufacturing; purchase of raw materials for transplanting of designed electrical charts to the crystal circle through multiple procedures such as purification, making of crystal sticks, chip fractions, polishing, lighting, etc.; and after completion of operations to downstream containment plants for sealing and final transfer to downstream.
Producers, semiconductor industries, often driven by technology, generate new downstream applications. The integrated circuit industry has a full view of the chain, the semiconductor industry follows a spiral upward pattern, and the emerging electronic sector is expected to drive the semiconductor industry back.
The semiconductor industry has followed a spiral up course over the past decades, slowing down or falling back and experiencing a new, stronger recovery. Looking at the history of semiconductor industry development, although the industry has shown clear cyclical fluctuations, the overall growth trend has not changed, and each technological change has driven the industry to continue to grow.
The main driving force behind this is the growth brought about by the technological revolution, and we believe that, with the rise of 5g and iot applications, the semiconductor sector is about to come up with new opportunities. The above-mentioned new areas are expected to generate more than $50 billion of compound growth in 2020 at 11%.
China ' s semiconductor continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate between 2016 and 2018, reaching 33.9 per cent globally in 2018, with a US$ 20.1 per cent increase in the same year and 33.9 per cent in the same year, with a global semiconductor downgrade in the first quarter of 2019, with sales of China ' s semiconductor down by 9.1 per cent in the same year, still higher than the global increase - 12.9 per cent.
In terms of industry growth, the trend of global semiconductor body weight transfer to China is well established, and China is expected to lead to the growth of its domestic industrial chain by taking over the third semiconductor industry shift. The supply and demand gap in our semiconductor industry is large, and import substitution is a hot spot.
China has become the world’s largest producer and consumer of electronics, generating huge demand for semiconductor devices. According to icinsights, from 2013 to 2018 alone, China’s semiconductor integration market has grown from $82 billion to $155 billion, with a combined annual growth rate of about 13.58%.
China ' s consumption of semiconductor devices will continue to increase in the future as the Internet, big data, cloud computing, object networking, artificial intelligence, 5g high-technology industries and strategic emerging industries develop further; supply-side analysis compares large domestic market demand with a smaller national production semiconductor integrated circuit market, with a self-sufficiency ratio of around 2018
According to the General Customs Administration, imports of semiconductor integrated circuit products alone have been ranked first of all imports for four years since 2015, the expanding Chinese semiconductor market is heavily dependent on imports, the Chinese semiconductor industry has too low self-sufficiency and there is considerable room for import substitution.
The semiconductor equipment is a cornerstone of semiconductor manufacturing and is a precursor to industry development. The semiconductor equipment industry is one of the upstream cores of the semiconductor chain, based on the semiconductor industry's “generation of equipment”.
The semiconductor equipment industry is the cornerstone of semiconductor chip manufacturing, for example, the current dominant process of production of power from the long-crystal plant has been 7 nm.
The industry of semiconductor manufacturing equipment is currently developing processes at least 5 nm, or even 3 nm, which require a sustained and rapid growth of the domestic integrated circuit manufacturing industry. As the domestic integrated circuits industry matures, the domestic integrated circuit manufacturing industry is growing, leading to an overall increase in the size of the sector.
According to the Institute, in 2018, China ' s integrated circuit industry sold 653.2 billion yuan, an increase of 20.7 per cent in the same year, 2018 of which 21.4 per cent was increased in the same year in the design industry and 251.93 billion yuan in sales; 25.6 per cent in the manufacturing sector and 1,81.82 billion yuan in sales; and 16.1 per cent in the sealing and testing industry and 211.39 billion yuan in sales in the manufacturing sector.
The crystal-crystal manufacturing chain is the most asset-intensive link in the industrial chain, with 80% of the total investment in equipment. The demand for semiconductor manufacturing equipment varies from industry to industry, and the demand for manufacturing equipment is proportional to the demand for manufacturing equipment.
Highest. In total semiconductor equipment market space, crystal circle manufacturing equipment accounts for about 80% of the total, encapsulation and assembly equipment for about 7%, test equipment for about 9%, other equipment for about 4%, the market for semiconductor equipment is growing robustly, and overseas manufacturers remain highly monopolized.
The market climate has risen and the semiconductor equipment market has also gained momentum. According to Semi, global semiconductor equipment sales have increased from about $31.79 billion in 2013 to $64.53 billion in 2018, at an average annual recovery rate of about 15.21 per cent. The global semiconductor equipment market is now dominated by foreign manufacturers, with industry present.
High monopolistic patterns of competition. According to Vlsirearch, the global sales of semiconductor equipment systems and services amounted to $81.1 billion in 2018, of which the top five semiconductor equipment manufacturers had a clear pre-eminence in terms of capital, technology, customer financing, branding, etc., and accounted for 65 per cent of the global market share of semiconductor equipment.
The annual sale of semiconductor equipment on the mainland grew at a rapid rate of 31% compound growth, the fastest growing market in all regions of the world. The market for semiconductor equipment on mainland China reached $13.11 billion in 2018, 59% more than in 2018, representing 20.3% more than in Taiwan, the second largest world after South Korea.
According to statistics from the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association, sales of semiconductor equipment in 2018 are estimated at 10.9 billion yuan, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 13 per cent. The data from the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association include integrated circuits, leds, panels, photovoltaics, etc. The domestic market self-sufficiency of integrated circuit equipment.
Only about 5%, only 1-2% in the global market, and the market for the most technology-intensive integrated circuit front-way equipment from the market size of China's semiconductor equipment (billion yuan) to the sale of semiconductor equipment (billion yuan) produced in China.
By 2015, the continent had about 10 per cent of the world ' s production capacity, mainly in the United States, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and the mainland, but based on real national production rates (three stars, Hercules, and Intel in China), mainland companies accounted for less than 2 per cent of global production.
So far, China has reached the peak of the proposed new crystal circle plant in 2017-2020, accounting for 42% of the world: in inches and 12 inches, 19 are identified as new crystal circle plants, 10 of which are located on the mainland. Semi estimates that in the four years from 2017 to 2020, 26 new crystal circle plants will be established around the world.
The plant’s most active area, with the entire investment plan accounting for 42% of the new crystalline plant worldwide, is the largest area in the world. The following table shows the current construction of semiconductor production lines of domestic investment, based on data from the Institute of Cycology, which is close to US$ 90 billion, compared with about 24% of the investment in etching equipment in the crystalline.
The value of corrosion equipment at the construction line is close to $21.6 billion. 2.3. Erosion equipment: overseas manufacturers have a high degree of monopoly, national production replaces a long road, 2.3.1 etching is a key process in crystal circle manufacturing, and the value added of corrosion equipment is gradually increasing.
Erosion is a key process in the manufacture of crystal circle. The integrated circuit manufacturing process is complex, with light etching, etching and thin film deposition being the three core processes of semiconductor manufacturing. The thin film deposition process is a layer of film to be treated on the crystal circle, the elastic process is the coating of light glue on the film, and the luminum and visual process is the transfer of the graphics on the luminum mask.
To the photorespirator, the etching process is to transfer the graphics from the photorecord to the thin film and remove the photorecords, and then complete the transfer of the graphics from the light to the crystal. The process of manufacturing the chip requires dozens of layers of light, masks, integrated circuits, mainly through the three process cycles of film deposition, light etching and etching, to move all the graphics of the photorest to the crystal circle from layer to layer.
Erosion equipment is an important equipment in crystal circle manufacture. Semiconductor equipment includes crystal circle manufacturing equipment, encapsulating equipment, testing equipment, etc. The market size of crystal circle manufacturing equipment exceeds 80% of the overall market size of integrated circuit equipment.
The total is usually around 75 per cent of the total investment in the entire crystal circle plant, with corrosion equipment, light engraved equipment, thin membrane sediment equipment being the three most important types of equipment in the integrated circuit front-track production process, accounting for 24 per cent, 23 per cent and 18 per cent of the sale of crystal circle equipment in 2017, respectively, totalling 65 per cent.
In 2017, the sale of various types of equipment on integrated circuits was higher than the sale of various types of equipment in 2017. The demand for etching processes increased, with the investment in corrosion equipment reaching 24% on the crystalline.
The progress of the chip manufacturing process, the reduction of the width of the wire, the 3dization of the chip structure, the development of crystal circle manufacturing towards 7 nm, 5 nm, and more advanced processes.
A multiplicity of template effects results in an increase in the processing steps of the equipment. The corrosion and thin film deposition equipment is expected to be the more critical and highly invested equipment. According to Semi, as of 2017, the corrosion equipment accounted for about 24% of the investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing, and is expected to be the largest in terms of value over the optical carving machine.
The market for global corrosion equipment presents a highly concentrated pattern of competition, long led by the pan forest semiconductor, Tokyo electronics and applications.
In 2017, the global market share of the pan forest semiconductor was as high as 55%, and the combined share of the three major manufacturers was more than 90%. The country’s company’s northern and Chinese microconductors have broken through the technology.
As the country's most advanced etching manufacturer, MSMEs are currently on the list of purchases of 7nm trades and 5nm process equipment has been certified by the station. In 2017, the pan forest semiconductor accounted for 55% of the market share of etching equipment.
2.4, mocvd equipment: Retroactive advantages for domestic manufacturers, national production replacements for the curtain-opening 2.4.1, mocvd equipment as key equipment for led extension production, led roller preparation as an important step for led chip production, and mocvd equipment as the most critical
Equipment. The industry chain consists of liner processing, led outer chip production, chip manufacturing, and device encapsulation. The main equipment involved in the chain are: single crystal furnaces, multiline cutters, mocvd equipment required for liner processing; light engraved, etching, washing, detection equipment required for the manufacture of chips; and sealing.
Mocvd is a new gas-phase growth technique developed on the basis of vpe. Mocvd uses organic compounds of iii, ii elements and v, vi element hydrogen as crystal source material for thermal decomposition at the bottom of the line.
The air-phase expanses, the ii-vi sub-genesis semiconductors, and the thin crystals of their multiple solid solubles. Unlike the manufacturing process of integrated circuits that circulate between core equipment, this is done mainly through mocvd single devices. Mocvd equipment is the largest in the manufacture of led.
Important equipment, which typically represents more than half of the total input into the led production line, is the prime indicator of the capacity of the led manufacturer. The country has become the largest demand market for equipment. According to high-level led data, 2015 to 2015
In 2017, China’s share of mocvd equipment grew from 1,222 to 1,718, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18%. According to ledinside, China has become the world’s largest demand market for mocvd equipment, with mocvd holding more than 40% of the world’s equipment.
2.4.2 Nationally produced mocvd, which is expected to lead the way towards a higher concentration of national production, with MSMEs opening the door to national production. For a long time, mocvd equipment has been a high monopoly for offshore enterprises and low domestic self-sufficiency, with only two major players in the global market until 2012
In 2017, the Mocvd equipment of Meso-Micro-Micro-Micro-Micro-Micro-Micro-Mcvd gradually broke the monopoly of the above-mentioned companies and became a three-pronged authority. According to ihsmarkit, in 2018, Mocvd of Micro-Micro-Micro-Nitrogen took over the global nitro-pumps.
Led used the mocvd to add 41% of the new market; especially in the second half of 2018, Mcvd occupied more than 60% of the world’s market for new nitrous silicone-based equipment. In mid-2018, Micte took the lead in the global market for nitric-based nitridecvd equipment.
Semi expects a significant 24 per cent increase in the domestic semiconductor equipment market in 2020, rising by 11.6 per cent to $58.8 billion from the same year.
According to Semi, global semiconductor equipment sales increased by about 37 to 56.6 billion dollars in 2017 and global semiconductor equipment sales increased by about 14 to 64.5 billion dollars in 2018. China’s mainland region and the Korean region were the main drivers of growth. According to Semi’s latest projections, global semiconductor equipment sales will be lower in 2019.
By 2020, the global equipment market is expected to be driven by the warming of the semiconductor landscape and new projects in mainland China.
In 2020, the global semiconductor equipment market is expected to reach $58.8 billion, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same period. The mainland is expected to grow to become the largest global equipment market, and the recovery in Japan and South Korea will be expected in 2020, in conjunction with the continental crystal mill investment plan, and the mainland Chinese semiconductor equipment market is expected to increase in 2020.
We believe that investment in crystal-circle capacity development in mainland China remains the driving force behind the growth of the global equipment industry, and it is expected that, with the gradual warming of the semiconductor landscape, planned crystal-crystal capacity development in the country will accelerate release and contribute to the recovery of domestic semiconductor equipment requirements in 2020.
Investments amounting to nearly $90 billion, taking into account the progress of investment in enterprises such as the Yangtze storage, combing, China Cui International, China Rainbow Tin-free, etc., are expected to accumulate about $60 billion between 2018 and 2020, with a peak of investment in equipment at the time of the expansion of the crystal factory capacity in 2020. Total capital expenditure for the crystal factory is expected to drive equipment from 2018 to 2020.
With $40 billion, and in conjunction with Semi’s projections, the demand for semiconductor equipment in the mainland region is projected to be $11.69 billion and $14.5 billion, respectively, for 2019-2020, and the market for semiconductor equipment in mainland China is expected to grow by 24% in 2020. The share of domestic investment in the mainland region is expected to increase gradually, with a huge national production replacement space.
Nationally produced equipment is expected to reach about US$ 3 billion in import replacement space in 2020, and domestic semiconductor equipment needs are expected to total US$ 26.2 billion between 2019 and 2020, and we believe that when the process matures to more than 90 per cent of production starts to expand, national production equipment will become more procured.
Opportunities. Based on the progress in the construction of the crystal circle plant, it is expected that 2020 will be the beginning of the expansion phase of the major crystal circle plant, or that it will become an important window period for the import substitution of domestically produced equipment. For semiconductor equipment, estimated at 20% of the national production rate, it is expected that in 2020 there will be a total import replacement space of about $3 billion, including early 2020.
The total market space for corrosion equipment, membrane sedimentation equipment is expected to reach $2.76 billion and $2.03 billion.3.2. Advances in integrated circuit processes drive the demand for etching processes, and the future market for corrosion devices is better.
As the integrated circuit process progresses, a significant increase in the integration of components requires a shrinking of the integrated circuit, and according to Semi, the process required for the 20 nanoprocess is about 1,000, while the 10 nanoprocesses and 7 nanoprocesses are already over 1400.
The current market uses light-engine machines that cannot meet the requirements for precision due to wavelength limitations, which require multiple template crafts, repeat multiple membrane depositions and etching processes to achieve smaller linear widths, making the membrane sediments and etchings obvious. The semiconductor device structure is complicated to drive the etching process. For example, the storage area is already in use.
From 2dnand into the 3dnand era, in the 3dnand manufacturing process, the main way to increase integration is no longer by reducing the single upper width of the layer but by increasing the number of layers of stacking, which have also evolved from 32 to 64 layers of production to 128 layers of production. Currently, 64 layers of 3dnand flash stocks are in high production, 96 layers and 128 layers of flash.
In addition, semiconductor devices in 3d structures often require very small puncture connections, dozens to more than 100 layers of silicon, so the technical requirements for corrosion equipment are much deeper than for corrosion equipment.
New applications have emerged, bringing new value added. Thus, the trend toward a reduction in the width of integrated circuit manufacturing lines and structural stereotypicization stimulates demand for etching processes, which are also expected to gain greater value added, with a large future market space for corrosion equipment, and a long-term investment logic.
Logic circuit and storage chip advanced process etching steps are increased by 3.3, new application needs are released and future market demand for mocvd devices are released gradually.
The new industries that are shown as representative are gradually becoming hot spots of industry pursuits. Miniled and micro led are characterized by high resolution, high brightness, power-saving and rapid response, and are considered a new generation of display technologies that attract large firms like Apple, Samsung, lg, Sony.
The technology is further developed and refined, and the new led industry is expected to become one of the fastest-growing sections of the industry following the led lighting industry, the mocvd application. According to the high-worker led, in 2018-2022, less than RMB 1 billion a year grew to RMB 70 billion a year in 2024. The huge market space is expected to be driving the mocvd.
One of the engines of equipment growth. 3.4. Core technology teams are excellent, corporate R & D capabilities are prominent.
The founder and chairman of China Micro Corporation, Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, worked in international semiconductors such as Intel, Lamresearch, amat, etc. for core technology development. The co-founders and core technicians, including Dr. Duzhito, Dr. Nie Tuqiang, Dr. Masiyi, were more than 160 specialists in the industrial field on average.
From 2009 to the present, the project is headed by experts in the industries of Yoon Zhiyu, Do Chi-hoon, Nie Tuqiang, and Masi-Yi, with China and China taking on major national scientific and technological projects, the industrialization of new technologies in Shanghai, and strategic and new industrial projects in Shanghai. These include, inter alia, corrosion equipment.
Research and development and industrialization, mocvd research and development, and industrialization, certification and application of core components of the etching process.
The Chinese company maintains high levels of R & D inputs and continuously improves the competitiveness of its products. M & M has maintained a high long-term total of 653 people, of whom 240 are R & D workers, representing 36.8% of the total workforce.
The critical energy parameters of the mocvd equipment have reached advanced levels of international equipment of the same kind, and MSMEs have accumulated more than 1,100 response stations serving more than 40 advanced chip production lines in the country and abroad.
The number of employees with a master ' s degree or higher is about 34%, well above the average for equipment enterprises. According to the company, the average remuneration of employees in the product department involved in the development of 14-7 nanoccp, icp and high-end mems is 720,000, 590,000 and 240,000 yuan.
The company has been fully owned since 2004 and has effectively enhanced the cohesion of key technicians and research and development teams through full equity incentives that bind the interests of the company and its employees. The semiconductor industry is a technology-intensive industry, and for semiconductor equipment enterprises, skilled professionals are very important, with MSMEs paying, equity incentives, etc.
The average remuneration of employees involved in core high-end products is higher.
As of February 28, 2019, the company had been patented 951 items, including 800 inventions. In ccp equipment, icp equipment, mocvd equipment, deep silicon etching equipment, the company's own core technology.
Technology patents are about 35, 14, 37, 25, all of which are internationally advanced and have matured in the production of various models of the company, and the R & D advantage will guarantee the company ' s products and 3.5, technology leadership, customer quality, and are expected to benefit fully from the growth and import substitution of the domestic market.
Sino-micro concentrates on etching equipment and membrane sedimentation equipment, which are first validated through the power generation 7nm process, and is the leading in the country. After decades of research and development and technological accumulation, the domestic semiconductor industry has formed a group of high-capacity ic equipment companies, each specializing in various types of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment.
It has already covered the oxidation/dissemination, etching, thin membrane deposition, cleaning, etc., and is currently producing equipment at technical nodes above 28/22nm and is in 14nm technology for process validation. The Shanghai Shenmi semiconductor and Shenyang Tian are focusing on cleaning equipment and film, respectively.
Sediment equipment, both of which have mature applications of 28/22nm. Medium- and semiconductor media etching equipment in the medium has entered the application of the 7nm process to supply the core equipment in the domestic manufacturer with the first approval of the 7nm process. Mocvd equipment has completed the import replacement for the leading international companies Veeco and aixtron
Sino-Micro has achieved a similar level to that of international leading companies in terms of advanced production of corrosion equipment and customer outreach. Sino-Micro has completed mastering the ccp and icp etching technology pathways, in terms of etching applications, and in terms of small and medium-sized carving applications.
Corporate media etching is a superior product, and silicon etching has led to a breakthrough in research and development. On the process technology node, the MMP 7nm process equipment has been used by customers and has started to develop a 5nm process. The equipment has been procured by leading domestic and international customers.
The main key performance parameters for SME equipment products have reached international leadership. The company’s most recent products of various equipment types, such as Primo ad-rie-e, Primonanova, and Prismoa7, are mainly responsive.
The key performance parameters of the equipment are the leading international levels of the same type of equipment. The icp etching table size, the capacity and output of the tsv deep silicon etching equipment, the capacity of the mocvd equipment, etc., are better than the international equivalent.
The main clients of the company are high-quality semiconductors, both domestic and foreign. The top five clients account for about 60%. The company’s downstream customers include integrated circuit manufacturers, semiconductor sealers, led chip manufacturers, etc.
In 2016-2018, sales by the top five clients of the company were 85.7%, 74.5%, and 60.6%, respectively, and as product categories and customers continued to grow, the concentration of customers decreased as income continued to grow.
According to China’s International Tender Network and China Micro Corporation’s bulletin, one of the country’s storage chip firms, based on the volume of purchases, has obtained a significant share in the purchase of corrosion equipment.
A company ranked second in the acquisition of corrosion equipment by MSMEs at 15%; MSMEs ranked fourth in the procurement of corrosion equipment by a domestic chip companyb at 17%. MSMEs ranked third in the procurement of corrosion equipment by a logical circuit manufacturerc at 16%.
From this procurement information, it can be seen that, in terms of corrosion equipment, China and China have already gained the strength to compete with international first-class manufacturers by breaking through advanced process nodes. Sino and China are expected to increase their substitution for imported equipment in the domestic market and increase their market share.
The project will continue to improve the competitiveness of core products, and companies will pursue their own R & D + R & D development strategy.
Upgrading projects, technology R & D centre construction upgrade projects, and replenishment of liquidity. Of these, technology R & D centre construction upgrading projects, mainly for the development of etching equipment for 14-7nm and mocvd equipment for minicoded display applications. At the same time, the company plans to conduct 5-3nm etching equipment with ultra-deep width ratios.
According to the company’s stated strategic development plan, companies will also contribute to the development of firms through such measures as M & A restructuring and diversified financing. As combined strength increases, MSMEs will continue to benefit from import substitution in the domestic equipment market.
4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (1) domestic semiconductor line investments (mainly in the middle core international, Yangtze storage, etc.) are progressing well. (2) We believe Māori rates for MSMEs are expected to increase steadily, with Māori rates for companies varying from 2019 to 2021
4.2. Profits projections and investment proposals as global semiconductor equipment nuclei, deep-cut etching equipment and mocvd equipment are two major areas, with households including high-profile offshore and offshore enterprises such as tiles, Yangtze storage, sk Hercules, San An Photovoltaics, among others.
The logo has taken the lead in breaking out of the import substitution of advanced process core equipment, with high technical barriers and customer recognition, and greater certainty of growth. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
Developments in new and emerging areas such as networking, auto-electronics, and ai will lead to increased demand in semiconductor markets, allowing the semiconductor sector to return to steady growth. If development in the emerging areas is slow, it is expected that global semiconductor capital spending will slow down from 2019 to 2020, with a clear impact on industry chain equipment enterprises.
Domestic chip manufacturing technology is less advanced than expected. Industry investment slows down the crystals of local firms, chip manufacturing capital spending is the main driving force behind domestic equipment sales. If domestic crystals and chip manufacturing technology progress is lower than expected, this will lead to slower industrial investment by local firms and continued dependence on advanced equipment from abroad, leading to national production.
Technology breakthroughs for company semiconductor equipment are slow and import substitution is not as expected. Technical barriers for semiconductor equipment are high, R & D is long, and R & D inputs are high.