Micro, Microconductor Equipment (Shanghai) Ltd., in the CPI report, is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment, which is manufactured through global integrated circuits and led chips.
Traders provide highly competitive high-end equipment and high-quality services to global semiconductor manufacturers and their associated high-tech emerging industry firms for processing equipment and industrial and technological solutions.
The supply of domestic semiconductor equipment is inadequate and our information security is at serious risk. According to Semi statistics, the sale of semiconductor equipment in mainland China was estimated at $12.8 billion in 2018, an increase of 56 per cent over the same year, about 50 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment.
Twenty-one percent of the market has become the second largest semiconductor equipment in the world after Korea. The sale of semiconductor equipment in 2018 is expected to be $10.9 billion, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 13 percent. In fact, the self-sufficiency rate is only around 5 percent, and in the global market only.
One-two percent, and the market for the most technology-intensive integrated circuit front-way equipment has a lower rate of self-sufficiency. In response to the huge demand gap, China’s dependence on semiconductor equipment imports, it is clear that heavy dependence on imports of specialized equipment not only severely affects the production of semiconductors in the country.
Business development also poses a major risk to our electronic information security. The company’s global mastery of corrosion equipment is of great importance to our information security.
At the same time, the company seeks to develop 5 nanometers and more advanced corrosion equipment and processes based on the needs of advanced integrated circuit manufacturers.
The technology of the company’s corrosion equipment is at an advanced level in the world and is of great importance for the country’s information security.
Won. As the Chinese-American trade war has accelerated the autonomous progress in the field of chips in the country, the country has reached a peak in the construction of the chip project, and the company is the only manufacturer of cutting equipment that has reached the state-of-the-state advanced level in the country and will grow at a high rate in the next three years.
It is proposed to use the pe relative valuation method to compare the average market rate of 2019 for the company Medium Semiconductor (Shanghai) Limited, a China-based, global-oriented company with high-end semiconductor micro-processing equipment. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor equipment, through the integration of electricity into the world.
Road and led chip manufacturers provide highly competitive high-end equipment and high-quality services, and process equipment and process technology solutions for global semiconductor manufacturers and their associated high-tech start-up industry companies, which are involved in semiconductor integrated circuits based on the expertise accumulated over the years in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry.
The company’s plasma etching equipment has been widely applied to international front-line customers from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm for integrated circuit processing and advanced encapsulation. The company’s mocvd equipment is in industry.
Large-scale input on the production line of the leading client, the company has become the world’s leading producer of nitrous nitrous nitride equipment. 2. Corporate financing history and equity composition
The company's predecessor, with a very limited size, was set up with funding from China and Asia and was founded as a foreign sole proprietor. In May 2004, China and China's first shareholder, the shareholding rate was 20.02 per cent in Shanghai, and the second largest shareholder, 19.39 per cent, with a similar share-holding ratio.
The company has 6 shareholders in legal entities abroad, 20 shareholders in legal entities in the country and 8 shareholders in natural persons, of whom more than 5 per cent hold shares or voting rights in the company, including those in Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Togo, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
An orange investment, an orange investment, an orange investment, and an orange coast. The structure of SME equity is as follows:
1. The domestic market for semiconductor equipment is very demanding, but the supply of domestic products is inadequate. From demand-side analysis, China has become the world ' s largest producer of electronics as the economy continues to grow.
The cost market, which generates a huge demand for semiconductor devices. According to icinsights, from 2013 to 2018, the market size of China ' s semiconductor integrated circuits alone grew from $82 billion to $155 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 13.58%.
As industries and strategic emerging industries develop, China’s consumption of semiconductor devices will continue to increase, and China will become the most dynamic and promising market area for semiconductors worldwide. From supply-side analysis, compared to large domestic market demand, the market for domestic semiconductor integrated circuits is smaller, 2018
According to the General Customs Administration, imports of semiconductor integrated circuit products alone have been ranked first of all imports for the fourth consecutive year since 2015, the expanding Chinese semiconductor market is heavily dependent on imports, the Chinese semiconductor industry is too low on self-sufficiency and there is considerable room for substitution.
Five oligarchs account for 65% of the global market share of semiconductor equipment. The company's semiconductor equipment industry is one of the upstream cores of the semiconductor industrial chain.
So, the semiconductor equipment industry is the cornerstone of semiconductor chip manufacturing, and the entire modern electronic information industry is the semiconductor, and with the rapid development of semiconductor industries, the processing area of semiconductor products has doubled and become more complex.
The manufacturing equipment needed to produce semiconductor products requires a combination of optical, physical, chemical and other technologies with high technical barriers, high manufacturing difficulties, and high levels of research and development inputs. Semiconductor equipment is generally of high value, with the value of equipment in a production line investment in manufacturing first semiconductor products accounting for more than 75% of total investment, and the semiconductor industry is developing.
Since 2013, the market for semiconductor equipment has grown as the global semiconductor industry has grown. According to Semi, global sales of semiconductor equipment have increased from about $31.8 billion in 2013 to projected 2018.
The global semiconductor equipment market is now dominated by foreign manufacturers, with a highly monopolistic pattern of competition in the industry. According to Vlsirearch, the global sales of semiconductor equipment systems and services in 2018 amounted to $81.1 billion.
In the above-mentioned international first-class companies, Asma has an oligopoly in light-engineing equipment. Applied materials, East, etc.
The Kyoto electronics and pan forest semiconductors are the three tops of the equipment that provides the process, such as plasma etching and thin film deposition. The cosymmetric semiconductor is the lead company for testing the equipment. 3. Domestic semiconductors are in great demand but heavily dependent on imports.
Based on demand-side analysis, the sales of semiconductor equipment on mainland China in 2018 were estimated at $12.8 billion, an increase of 56 per cent over the same year, about 21 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment market, which is the second largest semiconductor equipment demand market in the world after Korea.
From supply-side analysis, according to the statistics of the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association, domestic production semiconductor facilities are expected to be worth 10.9 billion yuan in 2018, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 13%.
About 5%, only 1-2% in the global market, and the market for the most technology-intensive integrated circuit front-way equipment has a lower self-sufficiency rate. In response to the huge demand gap, China’s dependence on imports of semi-conductor equipment is accentuated, and heavy dependence on imports of specialized equipment not only has a serious impact on the development of our semi-conductor industry, but also poses a major risk to the security of our electronic information.
Figure 9 Subconductor equipment sales and acceleration (demand end) 4. Pan forest semiconductors account for half of the market share of corrosion equipment.
The integrated circuit equipment consists of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment, encapsulating equipment and test equipment, and the market model of the crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment exceeds 80% of the overall market size of the integrated circuit equipment.
The combined total investment of more than 10 categories, such as light etching, film deposition, detection, coating, etc., usually accounts for about 75% of the total investment in the entire crystal factory, with corrosion equipment, photocalculation equipment, film deposition equipment being the most important three types of equipment in the production process of the front of the integrated circuit. According to Semi, sales of global crystal manufacturing equipment in 2017 were by analogy.
Currently, corrosion equipment, photocutors and film deposition equipment account for about 24 per cent, 23 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively, of the value of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment.14 As the integrated circuit chip manufacturing process progresses, the wire width is shrinking, the chip structure is 3d, the crystal-crystal manufacturing progresses to 7 nano, 5 nano, and more advanced processes.
The processing of the microstructures of the logical devices up to and including the nanometers will be done through a combination of plasma etching and thin film deposition - a multiplicity of template effects that will increase the processing steps of the equipment. The corrosion and thin film deposition equipment is expected to be the more critical and highly invested equipment. According to Semi statistics, as of 2017, the crystal circle of various types will be the most significant.
The trend in the market size of manufacturing equipment is as follows: In the area of corrosion equipment, where demand is growing at a faster rate, there is a higher concentration of industry, with pan forest semiconductors occupying the corrosion equipment market
With the increase in the number of interlayers of devices in integrated circuits and the increasing use of corrosion devices, the pan forest semiconductor has become the leader of the industry as a result of its complete corrosion equipment package, which has gradually outpaced the use of appliance materials and Tokyo Electronics from the 65 nanometers and 45 nanometers markets. According to the data, the pan forest semiconductor is in the etching equipment industry.
The share rose from about 45 per cent in 2012 to about 55 per cent in 2017, largely replacing the market share of Tokyo ' s electronics. The market share of Tokyo ' s second-largest electronics fell from 30 per cent in 2012 to 20 per cent in 2017. The application material was located in the third place, with about 19 per cent of the market share in 2017. The top three companies accounted for 94 per cent of the total market share of corrosion equipment in 2017.
5. mocvd has more than 40% of global equipment holdings, and the led chain consists of liner processing, led extension production, chip manufacturing, and device encapsulation.
The equipment to be covered includes: single-crystal furnaces, multiple-line cutters required for lined processing; mocvd set-up required for making extra-extension chips; light etching, etching, cleaning, detection equipment required for chip manufacture; and the preparation of patches, fixed crystals, welded extra-extension chips required for sealing is an important step in the production of the led chip, which circulates with integrated circuits between multiple core devices.
The mocvd equipment, which is the most important equipment in the led manufacture, is typically purchased for more than half of the total input into the led production line, so the number of mocvd equipment is a visual indicator of the capacity of the led manufacturing industry. In recent years, the rapid development of the led chip industry in China has led to the creation of the core equipment of the industry.
According to high-tech led data, China’s capacity increased from 1,222 to 1,718 devices between 2015 and 2017, with a combined annual growth rate of 18 per cent. According to Ledinside, China has become the world’s largest demand for mocvd equipment.
The market has more than 40% of the world’s mocvd equipment holdings. The current mocvd equipment downstream applications consist mainly of blue light led, while blue light led is used mainly in lighting. The combination of blue light led and fluorescent powder has created a new generation of lighting markets that replace incandescent lamps and fluorescent lamps.
Lightled is inextricably linked to nitrous thorium, and the key to a breakthrough in the development of blue lightled is for scientists to find nitrogen, which is a semiconductor material with a larger restricted bandwidth. Nitrogenated thorium thorium has contributed to the development of the lighting industry.
The market size of mocvd equipment is expected to expand further in a number of emerging areas, such as microled, powerware, etc. Thirdly, the company's products are world leaders, breaking international monopolies, and in the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used in the most advanced international customers.
At the 3dnand chip manufacturing stage, the company's electro-cancer plasma etching equipment technology can be applied to the volume production of the 64th floor, while the company is developing 5 nm and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of the advanced integrated circuit manufacturers.
The company’s corrosion equipment technology is at an advanced level in the world, in line with industrial trends. The company’s market competitiveness in the domestic corrosion equipment market is prominent, and the share of orders in the number of corrosion equipment stations purchased by two recently-known national chip manufacturers is as follows:
The share of company a's corrosion equipment orders (number of stations) Mocvd equipment prsmod-blue, prsmoa7 achieves a single cavity of 14 inches and a single cavity of 34 inches of expanse processing capacity.
At the same time, the company is developing larger-sized mocvd equipment, which will contribute to the further development of the industry. The manufacture of red yellow light, ultraviolet light, power devices, etc., requires mocvd equipment, which is yet to be further developed.
The potential of the display revolutions brought about by Miniled and Microlle gives rise to greater market opportunities. The company is also developing mocvd devices that cover the UV Led, Miniled market, and are more integrated with industrial development.
According to ihsmarkit, the company dominated the global market for nitrous nitrous nitridemocvd equipment in 2018. Mocvd equipment, developed autonomously by the company, has been procured in large quantities by a number of first-class millers, such as triam, luminum, dry light, etc.
The average annual compound growth rate is 64.00%. With the expansion of the company’s operations, the income from the company’s semiconductor-specific equipment will be on a par with the growth in the company’s financial position.
Annual growth: in 2016, 2017 and 2018, revenues from company-specific equipment operations were $488.393 million, company losses were reversed in 2017 and business performance continued to grow well in 2018.
Large-scale effects lead to higher profitability. There is a certain degree of volatility, mainly due to: the high degree of customization of the corrosion equipment of a company; the different requirements of downstream customers for specifications, product standards, technical parameters, etc.; differences in product structure and function; and similar settings.
There is a certain difference between reserve prices and the associated Māori rate: in order to build up advanced process experience, enhance the stickyness of priority customers, help them to continuously improve their production materials and reduce production costs, companies compensate for the presence of process parameters in the use of equipment that are slightly lower than the client's expectations and account for current operating costs, in 2017, in accordance with industry practice.
The low level of revenue from equipment operations led to a decline in the Māori rate of the company ' s corrosion of equipment in the same year. The Māori rate of the company ' s mocvd equipment increased by 4.31 percentage points in 2017, mainly as a result of the introduction in 2017 of the company ' s mocvd equipment of the Prismoa7 model, which is higher than the technical content of the Prismod-blue model: mocvd in 2018
The Māori rate for equipment fell by 11.79 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of a strategic reduction in the price of products sold by companies in order to further increase market share and increase sales.
In 2016 and 2017, the weighted average net assets of companies were negative and the weighted average net assets rate of return indicator was not applied, mainly due to the expansion of corporate sales, the increase in pre-collected accounts and the increase in the return of receivables.
The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations is 2.87 times higher than the net profit, and there has been a significant increase in the quality of the profits.The company intends to use part of this release to raise funds for the high end semiconductor equipment extension project, the Technology Research and Development Centre construction upgrade project and replenishment of liquidity.
(a) Values of major competitors and similar companies of companies Application materials, pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo Electronics, and North China for domestic manufacturers of corrosion equipment;
(1) Applied Materials (appliedmaterials, inc.) is a semiconductor and display manufacturer whose product was established in 1967 and is based in Santa Clara, Silicon Valley, United States.
$14.5 billion, with 90 branches in 17 countries, with a global staff of 18,400. More than 11,900 patents. (2) Pan-forest semiconductor.
The Panforest Group (lamresearchcorp.), founded in 1980 in the city of Frimont, California, United States, is a global crystal maker and a leader in the provision of semiconductor services. The Panforest is committed to innovative solutions that help our clients produce smaller, but faster, stronger, more energy-efficient electronics, almost all of which are more efficient.
Small but complex chips for products such as fittings, semiconductor manufacturers need high-precision processes and equipment. In front-track processes such as film deposition, plasma etching, photoresistance, crystal circle cleaning, and back-breathing applications, the panforests provide market leaders with a combination of products and programs.
(3) Tokyo Electronic Devices Ltd. (tokyoeectronltd.) was established in 1963 as one of the largest semi-conductor manufacturing equipment and LCD manufacturing equipment in the world. Its products include, inter alia, coating/apparent equipment,
Thermal treatment of membrane equipment, dry etching equipment, cvd, wet cleaning equipment, and testing equipment. The Tel Group has established its own nodes in Japan, the United States, Europe, Taiwan, and mainland China, and now has nearly 30 subsidiaries and more than 80 branches worldwide.
Clients provide the most complete support. (4) The North China Corporation is China’s largest electronic equipment production base and high-end electronic component manufacturing base.
At the core of the integrated circuit manufacturing process technology, integrated circuit process equipment, solar cell manufacturing equipment, gas quality flow controllers (mfc), tft equipment, vacuum thermal treatment equipment, lithium ion battery manufacturing equipment, etc. have been developed and are widely used in several emerging products such as semiconductors, photovoltaics, electrical electrons, tft-lcd, led, mems, lithium, etc.
Industry. With regard to high-precision electronic components, the company built up a new product, new process research and development system based on years of technological accumulation, and the product technology is constantly being upgraded. Products of high-precision electronic components, such as resistance, capacitors, transistors, microwaves, modular power sources, mixed integrated circuits, have been developed and produced for a wide range of precision instrumentation products.
Tables, automatic controls, etc. (5) Vieco-Vieco Instruments Inc. (veecoinstrumentsinc.) is mainly involved in the design, manufacture and marketing of film film processing.
Equipment, making possible the production and development of high-tech electronics worldwide. Companies have maturely developed metal organic chemicals with heavy volume (mocvd), molecular beam extension (me) light time, laser peaks, ion beams, single-chip etching and clean technologies that play a role in the manufacture of solid-state lighting and displays, as well as electrical electrons, photovoltaics, optical and advanced semiconductor devices.
The company also provides solutions to the semiconductor crystal-crystal detection market, using the know-how-related gradients (cgs) technology, and provides the leading research institute with the atomic layer deposition (ald) tool. Aixtronco., Ltd. was founded in 1983 by the University of the Amazon Industry (rwthaachen) and half.
The equipment provided by the company allows for the manufacture of advanced electronic and photoelectronic applications, which are used to include the application of a lad, display technology, data storage, data transmission, energy management and transformation, communications, signalling and light technology, and other cutting-edge technologies.
2. Compared with the valuation of industry-focused companiesa The most similar share of the company ' s business is in the North, while technology in Hasegawa and pure technology are used to produce semi-conductor equipment, but in different processes, Jejia Weibo is used to produce pevcd equipment in the field of photovoltaic manufacturing.a
The valuation of the group of companies is as follows: VII. Corporate valuations and proposals for quotations (1) The domestic chip industry has reached a peak in investment, and the sales of corporate carvings have increased rapidly, as the company ' s products continue to upgrade,
The average price of single stations has risen steadily and the cost of single stations has decreased slightly; (2) domestic photovoltaics have entered a phase of parity, corporate mocvd equipment demand has been strong, single-stage prices and average costs have been reduced from year to year; (3) corporate costs are well controlled, but R & D costs remain relatively high
Since the Chinese-American trade war has accelerated the process of autonomous control in the domestic chip area, the country has reached the peak of the chip project, and the company is the only manufacturer of internationally advanced corrosion equipment in the country that will fully benefit from the chip construction peaks over the next three years, we recommend a p-relative valuation, with a comparison of the 2019s.
The main risks include: 1) the risk of technological backwardness; 2) the risk of loss of key technologies. Secret Research & Development Department has used the increase or decline in securities relative to the 300 index in the six months following reporting.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.