Civil training, digging for sub-trading, rejuvenation of the wind village, 01/02/2024.
The value of retail endowments is being realized on an ongoing basis. The Postal Bank has a total of about 40,000 networks \triangleright points, providing the Bank with a solid base of retail customers, with 656 million retail customers at the end of 23h1.
In the context of the upgrading of wealth management, the potential of retail customers is expected to be released. There is a better base for wealth management, while there is still more room for activity on the structure of the network, with an average aum of only $370 million per network point and the current retail aum structure still saving.
For the most part, there is room for improvement on both sides of the same business. The company’s current management experience in retailing is strong, and in 2023 the company was able to deepen its financial management transition by restructuring retail customer stratification and building off-line service stations, which is expected to sustain a sustained increase in its contribution in the future.
In the area of agricultural loans, there is support for policy, the work of the “Three Farmers” has long been the subject of central document I. In the context of rural revitalization, the market needs for agricultural loans are wide-ranging; and there is the capacity of the Postal Reserve, which has a wide network of postal banks and sunk counties, while at the same time it is in the financial sector of the Three Farmers.
Under the leadership of the Ministry of Yuyusen, the build-up and digitalization of the credit system has led to a fundamental increase in the capacity of the “three farmers” of the Postal Bank to provide financial services. Currently, agricultural-related lending has become an important increase in the credit of the Postal Bank, in the first half of 2023.
Each year, 37.6% of the total growth in PBS loans was made by agricultural-related loans, while 71% of the increase in retail loans was made by individual microloans. The comparative advantage of net interest differentials is expected to continue.
\triangleright continues to have a positive impact on both ends. 1) At the end of the asset: one is that the loan accounts for interest-bearing assets are rising and has a price-fixing advantage. 2) At the end of the liability: the Postal Bank began to depress the high term deposit ratio earlier, making it indebted.
The cost rate is gradually down; the downward adjustment of the four deposit rates in 2022-2023 is also sufficient scope to reduce the liability to an asset of excellent quality and to release sufficient space for performance. On the one hand, the current rate of weakness and creditworthiness of the Postal Bank \triangleright
3. Postal Bank (601658.sh) Annual Report 2022: The rate is low, i.e. the combined rate of return on loans after credit costs are taken into account. On the other hand, the level of adverse pre-release rates is also low and subsequent credit costs are not under pressure, so profits are released in more space.
4. Postal Bank (601658.sh) Tri-quarter 2022 Investment Recommendations: Retail Features, asset quality excellence 5. Postal Bank (601658.sh) proxy rate adjustment rating:
The Postal Bank, as a country with a strong retail presence, has adhered to the retail banking strategy for many years, and in recent years has achieved significant improvements in wealth management, with sufficient potential for growth; is currently taking advantage of the revival of the countryside, where agricultural lending is driven by credit expansion and loan ratios are expected to increase further; and is more wind-controlled, asset quality and value creation.
Why does the mail reserve say it's the most retail? 1.1. Absorption of savings deposits from the former, for the late start of the city.
In 2007, the most young state-owned bank was founded. In 2007, the Postal Bank was officially established, and since then the Group has been able to replenish the Bank several times, and the size of the Bank’s assets has expanded rapidly, supported by capital funds.
The transformation of the ownership system led to the successful introduction of 10 strategic investors in 2015, the diversification of equity and the subsequent introduction of Hong Kong Union Houses in 2016 and 2019.
In 1919, when the General Directorate of the Postal Fund was established, in 1949 the People's Post took over the Postal Fund.
In 1950, postal savings were converted into agency operations, all funds received were transferred to the People ' s Bank, in 1953, postal savings were suspended, and the post office continued to operate the exchange operations. In 1986, postal savings were reactivated to collect private funds.
In 2005, the State Council issued a Circular on the Postal System Reform Programme. In 2006, the Bank issued a Letter on Approval of Preparations for the Establishment of the Postal Savings Bank of China. In March 2007, the Postal Bank was established on the basis of a reform of the postal savings management system.
In 2012, it was transformed into a limited company. In 2015, a total of 10 institutions, such as Swe Yin and Chinese life, were introduced as strategic investors.
In 2019, the Board announced that the structure of the Postal Bank was “large State-owned commercial banks”, which were listed in December 2019, along with “industrial and agricultural exchanges”.
At the beginning of 2019, the Postal Bank was officially classified as a “large State-owned commercial bank” and, unlike the other five State-owned banks, historically, the deposit absorption business of the former Postal Bank and the late start-up of the public business have led to a deeper retail gene.
The ratio is also significantly higher than that of the other five state-owned majors. Companies, but given the fact that the retail business of the Postal Bank is more prominent and therefore involves peer comparisons of retail business, two additional national equity banks focusing on the development of retail business are selected as comparable companies.
Since its establishment in 2007, the Postal Bank has established the only self-employed + agency operating model in the banking community, i.e., it can set up an agency network on the basis of the large number of places of operation of the postal enterprise.
The proxy model is based on the fact that the Postal Group has always been a shareholder in the Postal Bank. The Postal Bank was initially established under the exclusive control of the Postal Group, and has since been listed through several rounds of the Group's replenishment, the introduction of strategic investors, Hong Kong and the Mainland, and has increased in the last two years by the Postal Group and China Mobile Group. As of the end of 23q3, the Postal Group was in possession.
The agency agreement between the Postal Bank and the Postal Group is open-ended. The agreement between the Postal Bank and the Postal Group is open-ended.
At the end of the day, the total number of PBN points reached 39,440, with 80% of them. According to the PBN ' s stock offer, 99% of China’s counties (municipalities) are covered by PBN points.
A large number of proxy points add up. A second advantage is that the proxy points are low-cost and heavy-sinked. A proxy points can expand their coverage at lower costs and shorter hours than a stand-alone network. Moreover, the proxy points are more sinking, 2020.
At the end of the year, sub-district and sub-district nodes together accounted for 73% of the total.
Nearly 70 per cent of the deposits and the increase in the number of individual customers and the volume of retail aum have contributed significantly to the promotion of its retail strategy. Figure 8: Contribution of deposits to the PBI correspondent point (average balance caliber; trillion yuan, %)
Figure 9: The number of individual clients (millions of households) of the self-employed and agency networks of the PSDB has a fourth advantage: obtaining a combined benefit. While the benefits of intermediate operations at the agency sites are not attributable to the PSBP, banks can also benefit from deposit deposits, customer sticky upgrades, etc. in the course of the operations.
The main difference between the proxy and the self-employed sites, which were piloting micro-credit operations and could be upgraded in the future, is that they were initially allowed to operate only intermediate and personal deposits, as agreed in the framework of commissioning correspondent banking operations.
In the future, as the agency’s network is further developed, the scope of operations can be expanded, with the prospect of greater motivation for full-time development. What are the disadvantages of the agency’s network?
The agency fees correspond to the agency ' s network operations and fall into two main categories: 1) for personal deposit operations, on the one hand, the Postal Bank pays the Postal Group a “savings surcharge” based on the duration and size of the deposits to be absorbed by the agency ' s network; on the other hand, the Postal Bank shares with the Postal Group the cost of interest on a portion of the interest rate on deposits.
2) For intermediate operations, all of the intermediate income realized by the proxy network is transferred to the postal enterprise on the principle of “who does what benefits” and the actual cost of the deposit is raised by about 0.9 pct when the savings agent is transferred back to interest expense.
Related agent costs incurred in the person deposit business are reflected in the PSB profit schedule as “saving agent fees and others” under the business and management fee heading. Redirecting the “saving agent fees and other” to the “interest expense” heading, recalculating the PPB's interest-paying liability cost ratio shows that the cost of deposits will increase by about 0.9 pct.
There are also adjustment mechanisms for savings agent rates, the latest change being a “short lift and long drop”. For example, as of 1 November 2022, the Postal Bank began to use the new savings agent rate rate, which increased the current rate, the one-year rate and the deposit agent rate significantly reduced by two, three and five years.
A step-by-step upgrading of the short-term storage power of the proxy network, while a “several long-term decline” would facilitate the downside of the combined rates.2 Retail operations are gradually realizing 2.1 retail locations with a strong business profile in favour of equity lines
The retail credit structure of the Postal Bank is more retail than that of the other five major State-owned banks, which account for a higher share of retail loans, and whose credit structure is closer to those of the recruiting and safe banks that focus on the development of retail services.
On the one hand, it has the same low credit card ratio as the other five state-owned banks, and on the other hand, it has a lower mortgage loan ratio than the state-owned major bank, which is biased in favour of shares. Retail lending is not weak, and prices are better.
Retail loans are higher than the average of five other state-owned banks and banks. On pricing, the PSB has a higher rate of return on retail loans than the average of the other five, but compared to two equity banks, PBS mortgages are slightly higher and credit cards are slightly lower, so the overall rate of return on a loan is at Peacebank and a recruiter.
The average is weighted according to the corresponding indicator, the latter being a high contribution of retail business income. The business structure is biased towards retail, a wide range of proxy points to help reach retail customers and improve the stickyness of customers.
The contribution has been maintained at over 60%. 2.2 The retail business base is solid, but there is still room for structural optimization.
High retail customers, retail aum, provide a solid foundation for the development of wealth management. But behind the high number of customers, the total retail aum, there are structural weaknesses, such as the high share of retail deposits in aum and the low contribution of households, but the above also constitutes the future of the wealth management of the Postal Bank.
Looking ahead to the development space of the Postal Bank in its wealth management operations, it can do so differently in the following dimensions: 1) it has a greater competitive advantage in the county. The post office’s web site, which is more depressed and can create faulty competitions, can be better captured than the other banks in the country’s exhibition industry.
Rural revitalization strategic opportunities. Postal banks are more effective in branding and holding the license plates of their financial subsidiaries than those of the city ' s farmers ' comptoirs that sunk in the county. 2) The network increases the space for aum. or because of the higher proportion of proxy sites and subdistricts, the post is now available.
At the supply end, the capacity of the PBN services has not been fully exploited; at the demand end, the need for wealth management is expected to rise as the wealth of the inhabitants of the county is gradually accumulated. As a banking institution with a more competitive edge at the district supply, the PBN has a much larger auum.
3) Aum has a large margin of excellence. The reserve bank has a higher share of deposits in retail aum than its counterparts, with a low level of non-containable money, while current market deposit rates suggest that there is a tendency for the population to move gradually towards products such as finance, given the need for value-added to preserve wealth. In this trend, the reserve bank has a better structure for retail aum.
The first is the introduction of professional executives. Mr. Liu Jianjun, the current governor, was deeply involved in recruiting banks for retail operations.
From a strategic point of view, the director of retail management, who is highly experienced, may provide strong support for the further development of the large retail conversion strategy of the Postal Bank. On the one hand, the four vice-presidents are either permanent members of the post, the postal system, or the profession.
The bank vip customer threshold of $100,000 and $100,000-$500,000 has been used to better access its district chief tail group. Second, in November 2022, the PSB further refined its client group hierarchy by officially launching a private sector segment of over $6 million — Ding Fu clients — with more up-to-date operations for private clients.
The upgrading of client capabilities is an important way to put their growth space on the ground. The year suggested that the average non-deposit aum size of the site would increase significantly in 2023, Wuhan and Hang, in order to accelerate the shift of their hub towards maintaining customer relations, providing wealth management, and meeting the needs of the customer’s integrated financial needs.
The opening of private sector centres in the states, Guangzhou, and Nanchang further enhances the ability to service retail customers. On-line, version 8.0 was launched in 2022 by the Portal Bank's mobile phone bank, making it easier for clients to develop asset allocation programmes.3 Through rural revitalization, loans to farmers have become the driving force of the expansion.
3.1 The importance of service village revitalization, and the long-standing theme of the broad “three farmers” in the financial markets of the county, is self-evident. The first central document on the work of the “three farmers” was published in 1982, followed by the fourth consecutive four-year central document.
In 2004, the theme of Central Document was “Three Farmers” and has not changed for 20 consecutive years. In 2021, Central Document “A comprehensive drive for rural revitalization and accelerated modernization of rural agriculture” was adopted as the main theme, marking an overall shift in focus from poverty eradication to rural revitalization.
After the issuance of a central document each year, guidance on financial services is usually available. For example, after the focus of the Three Farmers has shifted to rural revitalization, central banks issue guidance documents each year, usually covering financing needs in the “Three Farmers” area, and financial products.
This is a central element of innovation and the upgrading of financial services. In terms of supply and demand, the “three farmers” financial development space is wide: 1) The “three farmers” sector has a greater demand for credit markets in terms of its perceived credit delivery.
On the other hand, in the future, the Deputy Director General of Planning and Finance of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Wang Jiao, stated at the Qinghua Forum on Global Finance, 2023, that if the central requirements were to be fulfilled during the XIVF period, it would be rough.
The calculation requires an investment of 48 trillion yuan. Assuming that the share of financial investment is three quarters (a total of about 10 trillion yuan in the eight-year recovery from poverty, and a space for credit needs in the “Three Agricultures” area 2), the demand for financial development in rural areas, such as the expansion of re-production and production, is deeper in terms of supply and demand.
Financial needs, such as investment in the industry chain, have not been effectively met. With the development of financial technology, the risk-pricing capacity of financial institutions, such as banks, is expected to grow, thereby widening the acceptance of the pledge or reducing the dependence on the pledge and, in the longer term, increasing the capacity of the service “three farmers” through the abundance and innovation of the product system.
The “3 farmers” financial market space of the perspective. 3.2 combines multiple advantages, with the “3 farmers” capacity of the postal banking services.
Policy banks, such as the Agricultural Development Bank; 2) State-owned banks, such as the Agricultural Bank and the Postal Bank; 3) Agricultural credit institutions (agriculture comptoirs, rural credit unions, rural cooperative banks, etc.) and new rural financial institutions (village banks, etc.), in which state-owned banks play the role of head geese in agricultural-related loans, while the Postal Bank, by virtue of its own ingenuity, has also played the role of head geese.
The central-western region is a strategy for rural revitalization, with 56% of the branches of the Postal Bank (self-employed institutions) distributed in the mid-western region as of the end of 23h1.
In addition, the presence of the Pasifika Bank has been prominent, with the Bank approaching 40,000 points (self-employed + agency points) by the end of 2022, with over 70 per cent distributed in sub-districts and sub-districts, and the physical presence of the Psychic Bank's key role in the financial supply of the Three Farmers.
In the course of less than three years, the Bank completed the development of the management structure of the Department of Agriculture and Finance at the head office and the first branch. The Department of Agriculture and Finance coordinated the implementation of the Bank’s three-farm financial operations, which served as an important basis for the development of a specialized rural financial services system.
The day after tomorrow: credit-system development + digital transformation, with the “three farmers”’ financial services capacity fundamentally elevated. Inadequate risk-pricing capacity is a painful point in the development of rural finance, while small and fragmented characteristics determine the need for intensive operations.
In the area of credit system building, the Postal Bank took advantage of the number and layout of its own physical networks to build credit villages and, in 2022, selected five pilot villages for a pilot project on universal credit for farmers, which together contributed to the construction of 3835,000 credit villages by the end of 2022, rating more than 10 million new users.
On the spot, the idea of a voluntary letter of credit ran through, and the pilot was launched for a month, using the number and amount of the mail account to increase by 150% and close to 43 million yuan, and the digitalization of the “three farmers” financial services and the benefits were enhanced by the replication of the pilot, or by the strong support of the reserve bank's agricultural loans. On the one hand, the postal bank had improved its efficiency and its universality.
Under the traditional technology-enabling credit-village model, the list was created by means of a large data technology aid initiative; on the other hand, with digitalization, the Postal Bank basically achieved a full-flow digital exhibition of microcredits, with more than 95 per cent of the microcredits (numbers) distributed online in 2022.
3.3 Farm-related loans are outstanding, and have grown significantly in terms of credit. Farm-related loans account for 25 per cent of the increase in credit. As of 23h1, the balance of agricultural-related loans by the Postal Bank amounted to 26.1 per cent of the total loans, second only to the six major lines of credit.
The stock bank’s share of agriculture-related loans has risen year after year since 2020, and the incremental contribution of agriculture-related loans to total lending has also increased significantly. Given the potential scale of investment in rural revitalization during the 14th Five-Year Plan, it is expected that agricultural-related loans will continue to be an important driver of the Puerto Rico Bank’s scale of expansion.
At the same time, retail loans, with individual microloans, have become an important driving force. In terms of retail loans, when the previous real estate sales were low, the growth of mortgage loans slowed down, and credit card personal consumption in the recovery process, as well as the overall downward trend.
In 2022, in the first half of 2023, the increase in individual microcredit contributed more than 70% to the increase in retail loans. At the same time, agricultural-related loans and individual microcredits were better priced.
Agricultural-related loans and the pricing of individual micro-credits have fallen, although they have been significantly higher than the overall rate of return on the loans and have boosted the asset-end rate of return.4 Performance dismantling: interest differentials have been strong and there is still room for upwards in the receipts.
4.1 A vertical comparison seeks to optimize space. Postal banks maintain a comparative advantage. In 2023, they were affected by weak credit demand, shrinking wealth and the size of their funds.
The main advantages of the Postal Bank are: a lighter tax burden, a higher contribution from net interest income, and a moderate loss of impairment. 1 A lighter tax burden or mainly the result of a higher share of bond investment with tax-exempt effects and a higher tax-saving effect of higher investment in agricultural-related loans. 2 Net interest income has a better contribution at both ends, with a higher share of assets-side retail credit, a negative share.
A highly distributed network of debt claims creates an excellent silo capacity. 3 Impairment loss pressures are reduced mainly to benefit from the quality of assets that have always performed well.
Greater upscaling space; the impact of overhead costs is significantly higher than that of comparable counterparts, as a result of the proxy model.2 The relative disadvantage is expressed by the relative comparative advantage of this item, the blue side, but there are signs of improvement in the relative disadvantage of the Postal Bank in view of the trends in the development of the Bank.
In order to achieve an increase in the contribution of 1:1, although there was also a one-time median effect of netting in 2022; The net difference of interest of the Postal Bank was relatively strong and slightly lower. The current net difference of interest of the Postal Bank is gradually shrinking, mainly as a result of the downside rate of return on interest-producing assets. However, the Postal Bank benefits from the savings compared to its counterparts in the State sector.
The net interest differential supports one: while lending pricing in the banking sector has generally moved downwards, the share of loans in the reserve bank is still relatively low and there is more room for structural optimization. Overall, the ratio of bank loans to total assets in the reserve bank has been higher.
The share of total assets is 52.4%, but there is still a gap compared to comparable levels of peers. As loans rise further in terms of assets, interest-bearing asset end-pricing still supports upwards.
The absorptive capacity is significantly better than that of the equivalent, with PTS deposits accounting for 93.7 per cent of the end-of-the-debt line, PSP deposits for a higher proportion of personal term deposits, although the cost is strong and the interest rate on the deposit is higher than that of the comparable counterparts.
The share of deposits in total deposits amounted to 66.6 per cent, although, on the one hand, since the end of 2021, there has been a marked drop in the personal deposit rate of the Postal Bank, or, mainly, in-house positive downward pressure on high-cost, high-duration deposits, which has shown results; and, on the other hand, there is a prospect of a further decline in the cost rate of the Postal Bank.
It should be noted, however, that there is a low level of recovery of net interest differentials at the reserve bank. By adding the savings agent fee to interest expense, the cost ratio of the original interest-bearing liability at the reserve bank 23h1 has been calculated, the difference in net interest repayments has been 2.39 per cent and 1.24 per cent, respectively, and the netting differential is at a low level compared with the other five state-owned banks.
The contribution of the reserve banks has been increasing. With the ongoing construction of the wealth management operations, in the last two years, there has been a higher and higher annual rate of growth in the collection of cash and bank agents and in the management of the treasury operations, which has led to an increase in the contribution of the latter to the collection.
At the same time, the high one-time income from the 2022 financial operations due to the transformation of net worth made it more volatile in the 23 years of internal financial management operations, although the contribution of the latter to revenue collection has increased significantly over the 22 years.
Since 2020, the contribution of PSB to wealth management has continued to rise, reaching 23h1. There is still room for development in the label industry.
The current well-structured retail population, determined in the direction of strategic wealth management and a good transformation of retail deposits to non-sustained aum, is expected to achieve a gradual improvement in the level of contribution. 5.1 On a public start-up basis, the burden is low.
The multi-dimensional asset quality index is better than that of a colleague. Since 2010, the rate of badness at the PSB has been below 1%; in comparison with the PSB, the indicator of badness and concern at the PSB is consistently lower than that at the PSB.
The quality of the bank’s assets has remained excellent, mainly due to the current investment in better credit, and 1) retail operations account for a higher share of the risk. The structure of the bank’s retail credit determines that its retail operations are less good, with the lowest rate of mortgage lending being over 50% over the long term; and the risk of more fragmented microloans.
In 2006, it started a pilot credit operation.
In 2008, public credit operations were approved. Although late in the start of a public business, it was somewhat lower in terms of lending and weak in terms of public operations, it also effectively avoided the risk of asset quality associated with a high rate of expansion. 3) The current poor rate of production is low.
Thanks to better credit delivery and better risk management, the rate of non-performing loans is consistently lower, credit costs are low, provision is adequate, profits are released with greater scope. Postal banks are at lower levels, and asset quality is expected to continue at better levels. Excellent asset quality leads to lower levels of credit.
Cost, and the current provision coverage of the Postal Bank is also at a higher level, with a higher degree of flexibility in the release of profits. The steady release of profits and a supplement to the built-in capital of the Reserve Bank at the end of 23q3 was 9.46% of the core level of the capital, and after considering the additional requirements of the Systemically Important Bank, there is still a gap between regulatory requirements and regulatory requirements.
The space of 146bp is low compared to that of the other five state-owned banks. However, the reserve bank’s revenue growth is better and the asset quality is better, and the loss of impairment of assets has a relatively small impact on profits, creating a relatively superior endogenous capital supplemental capacity.
6.1 Profit projection assumptions are split from operations1 and scale increases: the Postal Bank is a large State-owned commercial bank operating nationwide, with credit and asset expansion2 and net interest differentials: downward price pressures remain on the asset end, but credit restructuring and liability end costs are optimized
3. Non-interestable income: The Bank ' s wealth management operations are well-established and its strategy is constantly optimized, and it is expected to generate interest-free4 and asset quality: the Bank ' s history is low, the current credit focus is low, and asset quality indicators are expected to continue to be robust. We predict a negative lending rate for 23-25 years.
On the one hand, taking into account the size of the State-owned banks, five other State-owned banks were chosen as comparable public divisions; on the other hand, two more national equity banks, the Merchant Bank and the Safe Bank, were chosen as comparable companies, given the relatively high retailing of the Postal Bank.
However, given the current low valuation of the bank block as a whole, and the fact that it operates in a sound and clear space for future development, it still has a better investment value. As a country-owned bank with a strong retail character, the Postal Bank has for many years adhered to the retail banking strategy, and in recent years it has been able to do so.
The results of the upgrading of wealth management are remarkable, with sufficient potential for growth; the current rural revival, involving loans, drives credit expansion and credit ratios are rising; and the wind is stronger, with asset quality and value creation compared to 1) macroeconomic volatility is more predictable: the economy is experiencing some downward pressure due to the external environment and domestic demand.
Power, which may lead to a weakening of residents’ and business credit needs, slows the expansion of banks’ size. (2) The pace of the transition is not as fast as expected: the transition to bank wealth management may be at risk as a result of changes in economic development, changing customer demand, and so on.
3) The improvement in the real estate sector is less than expected: support factors such as industrial policy location may affect the quality of bank assets if the process of improvement in the real estate sector is less than anticipated. The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.