The sales volume has improved significantly, and the solar system is expected to contribute to the growth in performance.
The sales have improved significantly, with a positive return from the same rate in q2 battalion. 2020q1, a new coronary pneumonia outbreak in the country \triangleright increased industry downward pressure, q2 recovered overall as the situation in the country improved to control the epidemic.
The trend continues to be positive, with the combination of promotion fees and the continuous release of the demand for car purchases, the maintenance of car sales, and a significant improvement in company sales, with a decrease of 5.38 percentage points in q2 sales over q1, an increase of 89.42 per cent in the growth of the new auto brand, and a significant reduction in the harvest. 2020h1, Company.
13.84 pct, of which 11.46 per cent for vehicle use, car-related trade, financial and other receipts, and q2 net profit return have been positive and profit margin has improved. 2020h1, corporate net profit return, improved industrial chain, optimized product structure and enhanced company security margins.
This has resulted in a closed chain of industries based in South China, which has increased corporate resistance considerably with the industrial layout and whole-car manufacturing of the irradiated areas of China, East China, North-West China and the Rim Sea, covering upstream car research and development, spare parts and downstream car commerce, automobile finance, mobile travel.
Riskier capacity, as the industrial chain becomes more dynamic and downstream, is expected to contribute further to the company's efforts to lower the market's position on the 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, to increase profitability. On the other hand, the company has a more adequate pattern of vehicle products and has a package.
Mid China, 28 West Side Street, Beijing, 13 series of cars, 29 series of suvs and 3 series of mpv passenger vehicles, 7th floor of the intercentre.
During the first half of the year, the company introduced a number of new and modified vehicles, which are expected to further enhance the company ' s security margins by further improving the product lines and optimizing the product structure through the continuous import of new models and products from Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
In the first half of the year, the company's solar system \triangleright was bright, wide, wide, blue, Hanlanda, crown, shadow, twilight, twilight, twilight, twilight.
Stars like Odyssey are among the top of the market. In April-June 2020, wide volumes and abundance achieved sales of 21.57 and 1983 million, respectively, representing an increase of 4.32 per cent and 32.72 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous half, with aggregate sales increasing by 20.58 per cent and 3.11 per cent, respectively.
The sales performance was significantly better than that of passenger cars, which were characterized by high quality, variety, price-cutting space, leading to an advantage in the value-added and value-for-money ratios of solar vehicles, and motor performances, which were generally superior and highly oil-efficient. We believe that solar brands are expected to rely on vehicle usage.
On the one hand, the company has a large number of star cars and continues to promote new products and products.
The company’s industrial chain is well-structured, and its products are constantly improved and its industrial structure optimized. Currently, the domestic transport market is warming, competition in the industry is increasing, and companies are expected to rely on their own high-quality models.
The atmosphere in the automobile industry has continued to decline: industrial policy has changed dramatically: the volume of vehicle sales is not expected: the overseas epidemic continues to spread.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.