Watch the potential release of China's standard motor fleet, city track delivery, August 27, 2017.
Chen Sheng-hwan's operations showed a decline in railway equipment operations and new industries, and rapid growth in urban rail traffic.
As a result of the fall in payments, motor vehicle operations earned $8.22 billion, or 66 per cent of last year's total, buses, billions of dollars; city track and urban infrastructure collected $13.56 billion, or +35.3 per cent, of the total, and remained stable, with companies acquiring subway vehicles or vehicles like Boston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia and others in the first half of the year.
Bus vehicle orders, successful winning orders for double-story buses in Montreal, Canada, Malaysia, etc., internationalized operations are growing, products have been exported to 102 countries around the world, and China's bid purchases are expected to go up significantly, and urban orbital traffic is developing rapidly.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed on 21 August between the parent Chinese Motors Group and the China Railways Corporation, which plans to purchase 350 km per hour of a standard Chinese car fleet of 500 units, the actual number of which is subject to a procurement contract. We predict that the average number of cars will be about 400 in the period 2017-2020.
The railway is well equipped with hand orders, the city track is expected to hand over 350 columns this year, below the forecast average, with a high probability of over-expected next year, sustained activity, and modern services.
At the same time, China and China have completed their argument for the high speed of the iron system, first raising it to 350 km per hour by the date of the National Day of 2017. The speed increase will inevitably increase the loss of spare parts.
The addition of a service market space has created a new need for encryption of live vehicle fleets. In addition, in 2016, the total number of bid orders was equal to +190 per cent, with more than 535 km of national track completion and 4962 vehicles handed over by the company, which is expected to be in new traffic this year.
Focusing on high-end markets such as the United States may reach a distance of nearly 1,000 km, with an estimated transfer vehicle fleet of over 6,200.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: predicting the company ' s cyclical warming of locomotives and trucks in 2017, moving cars, expected steady growth of railway equipment, transfer of vehicles between 350 and 400 rows, rapid growth of urban track vehicles, new industries and currents
Company Depth: China Business Cards manufactured at the International High End, 2017 ppp+ “Accompanied by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board