Performance has grown steadily, with orders from overseas showing brightness, and events: the company published its three-quarterly report in 2023.
Performance growth was relatively robust, and the rate of new sign-off of single increases slowed down. 20231-3, companies achieved 21.94 per cent of revenue and net profit from deductions to the parent of $7,949 million, an increase of 20.36 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter, 2023q3 companies achieved $13,866 million in operating income, an increase of 23.20 per cent over the same period.
Home construction/transport and infrastructure/metallurgical engineering/other new contracts, respectively
Overseas orders are growing and the market has broken a lot. In 2023, q1-3, the company signed a new foreign contract of 32.82 billion yuan, representing an increase of 32.6 per cent over the same period the previous year.
In Indonesia, the Mmp Nickel Smelting pepc project was signed, in Malaysia, the People's Republic of Korea's Zing Jing Jing project, in Cambodia, where several high-end housing projects, such as the Newly Signed Royal Hotel, were launched, with multiple breakthroughs in overseas markets. On October 18, the third “One Way” International Cooperation Summit was held in Beijing, in more than 150 countries.
President Xi gave a keynote address at the opening session, in which he announced China’s support for eight initiatives to build a high-quality “one way” together. The Congress of Entrepreneurs contracted $97.2 billion in innovative and innovative terms, the State Enterprise for Capital Development agreed on a project, and the Sino-Malco Group’s Rikiki Team in Papua New Guinea and Singapore integrated battery metals.
Companies are limited to signing a framework agreement for the supply of nickel and cobalt ore. The company’s overseas operations are expected to benefit from a new breakthrough in high-quality development along the way.
The Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.