Overall performance meets expectations, and overseas orders continue to shine — China China Smelt (601618.sh) company dynamic study — overall performance meets expectations and cash flow is slightly pressured
huangjw@cfsc.com.cn Collection/Murmortality/Nurmortality Non-Murmortality Profit in the first three quarters of 2023 Māori/Mnurmortality Net Profit Rates in the first three quarters of 2023
With regard to cash flows, q3 operating cash flows - $7.96 billion, reflecting an increase of $6.12 billion in net outflows from the same year, presumably mainly due to the increase in the size of the accounts receivable, which led to the continuation of cash flows and a slowdown in new contracts, which are expected to benefit from the hundreds of millions of national debt.
In the project, new contracts were signed for building/transport and infrastructure/metallurgical works, respectively.
As the world's largest metal construction contractor and operator, China Metallurgical is one of the earlier companies to implement the “out-of-the-way” strategy.
More than 60% of the overseas institutions set up by the co-builders, and nearly 90% of the overseas projects under construction in the co-builders. Companies continue to focus on iron-metallurgical capacity cooperation and major infrastructure projects.
On October 17, the “One Way” Entrepreneurs' Congress was held in Beijing, where the Central Metallurgical Group's New Guinea Neariwood team and Singapore Integrated Battery Metals Limited signed the nickel cobalt.
Framework agreement for the supply of ores. In the first three quarters of 2023, companies entered into new overseas contracts, 32.820 billion yuan, an increase of 32.6 per cent over the same period the previous year, with overseas orders maintained 5.4, 4.5, 3.9 times the corresponding amount, taking into account the company's construction as metallurgical.
In addition, despite the decline in profit margins of 2023q3, subsequent revenues and profits are expected to benefit from the hundreds of millions of national debts, thus maintaining the "buy-in" investment rating.
1) The pace of capital investment has slowed; 2) the company has failed to perform as expected; 3) the overseas orders are uncertain; 4) the resource development business has fallen short of expectations.
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research and three years of work in the construction materials industry. Hua Jing: Master in Finance, University of Khatami.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.