Researchchand Developmentcenter — In-depth report by Ocean River Shares (00204)
30 December 2020 Ocean River Shares (002.04) Rivers began to make proactive adjustments to the channel, and the market was more favourable to adjustments in their provinces, but it did.
There are doubts about the process of importing products from outside the province, and it is difficult for companies to achieve sustainable nationalization as a sub-national brand. We believe that, over the past year, the adjustment of the ocean river has been positive and effective, with the provincial adjustment nearing its end, the profit from the channel has improved significantly, the dealer confidence has been restored, and the sales made before springtime have been made.
Meanwhile, the new crystal version m3 is now on the market, and the adjustment time is expected to be relatively short under the concept of a re-m6 upgrade. The company's reorientation is clear, deep-farming channels are laid out, and a new kind of business relationship is built. For almost two decades, the company has been innovating its channels.
Breaking through, spearheading the introduction of the management of fast-drinking products in the white wine industry, breaking the traditional business marketing model, creatively adopting the deep distribution of the manufacturer “1+1”, flattening the channel, enhancing the terminal control of businesses, and building the most powerful marketing network platform for the white wine industry in China.
In 2019, the company proposed the construction of a new, “one-stop, multi-market” manufacturing relationship that would optimize the distribution structure of regional markets and adjust the profit model to form a harmonious distributor's eco-circle, which would collectively create a brand for the ocean's two-channels.
Since its launch, it has grown rapidly into a company-owned product, rising its income share to 75% in 2019, and its contribution to income has continued to rise. Since growth in the white wine industry resumed in 2015, the sea blue and the most recent month have fallen (%)
The sky has slowed, the dream blues have become the new growth pole of the company, with revenues falling from about 1.5 billion in 2014 and falling throughout the year 2019, but the dream blue series has remained positive. The m6+ has now come to an end, the crystal version m3 has just been marketed, and the company’s dream series has been upgraded in an orderly fashion.
Looking ahead, increased profits from channels bring confidence to distributors, recovery of intra- and extra-provincial expansion, and speedier growth. Price transparency, M6+ successful import, and more than excessive distribution by 2019.
The construction of new producer relationships has increased profit lines, which are now about $60 for the M6+ channel, which is significantly higher than in the past, and restores the confidence of distributors. We expect that the process adjustments in the province will be completed earlier than in the province, with M6+ expected to accelerate sales in the province by the spring of 2020.
As a result of the rapid expansion of the Xinjiangsu market outside the province, the company’s out-of-town channels have gradually deepened, forming three model markets, Henan, Shandong, and Anhui, all of which are over 2 billion.
Structural upgrading, along with radiation expansion into the New Jiangsu market, we expect extra provincial revenues to continue to be secured by Sinda Securities Inc., a catalyst for stock prices: rising consumption in the province continues.
- Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; increased risk of industrial competition; uncertainty of the epidemic.
The market believes that ocean rivers are facing greater intra-provincial competitive pressures as a result of the rapid growth of the present world. At the same time, m6+ sales outside the province have recovered slowly, channels have not been adjusted at the same pace as within the province, and the strategy of nationalization of large monolithics is difficult to achieve.
In our view, 1) the expansion of sub-high-end markets in Jiangsu Province, led by the upgrading of consumption, has not been as intense as it might have been, given greater growth space for the two major contestants: the present world and the ocean. 2) With the construction of new types of supplier relations and the upgrading of production, the profits of the channels have improved significantly, the confidence of the distributors has been restored, and the power of the channels accumulated over a long period of time will be released.
The m6+ monolith will take the lead in the province in restoring marketing, leading to a sustained increase in the share of the dream series. 3) The ocean is active outside the province in the Xin Jiangsu market, radiating the country from Henan, Shandong, Anhui model markets, bringing the sea, heaven, and dream product ladders into the national market with brand names. Therefore, we believe that increased profits in the channel provide a basis for confidence for dealers.
In the short term, the river’s new producer relationship and the smooth import of m6+ have increased profit lines, and the dealer’s confidence has been restored.
Liu Xianxuan, who has been in charge of marketing, has played a positive role in improving internal channels in the province. It is expected that during the spring season, M6+ intra-provincial sales will accelerate, the dream blue series will grow further, leading to a recovery in intra-provincial income that is on the second, medium- and long-term, further market placements outside the province, and rapid expansion of the Xinjiangsu market.
At the same time, the construction of m6+ nationalized monoliths to support the continued rapid growth of out-of-town incomes and further increase the proportion of out-of-town revenue3 and of employee and distributors. The river currently holds 21.44% of employees and 13.69% of dealers.
The high overall shareholding ratio fully guarantees the effectiveness and coherence of corporate governance, stimulates in-house growth, and builds a community of interests between manufacturers and distributors that will help companies to develop steadily over the long term. And companies are implementing a new round of equity incentives buy-back programs to further motivate their cadres at a time when old and new teams are changing.
Recapture of the Ocean River: Ten Years after Gold, seeking to break through the Ocean River Liquor Co. Ltd. was established in 2002 by the Ocean River Group, which brings out its high-quality assets, the Shanghai Sea Tobacco Logistics Co. Ltd., the South Tong Investment Co. Ltd., and six corporate shareholders and corporations, including the Shanghai Tekang Tobacco and Liquor (Governance) Co. Ltd.
The 14 natural persons' shares were co-sponsored by the Chinese capital of White Wine - Cebu City, Anhui Province, which is located in the “Sweet and Lake One Wetland” and is one of the world's three most famous wetlands known as the Scottish Whiskey Production Zone and the French Dry City Production Zone. In 2003, the Blue Classic of the Ocean River was successfully developed, and the company took the lead in breaking the white wine-like taxonomy tradition and is maintaining the ocean river tradition of “Sweet, Sponge, Sneath”.
On the basis of the soft, clean, fragrant style, a new style of soft white wine quality, with a taste of "low and not light, high and not strong, long and clean, full and coordinated, and particularly comfortable after drinking." Ten years of high growth in the ocean's shares, which has become the bottom of the white wine industry, and the third sales after the five grains.
With sustained innovation in the channels, the company has established China’s largest marketing network platform, starting in 2013 to push the country’s market layout, and to re-emerge after industrial restructuring. In the second half of 2019, the company faced the problem of long-term accumulation of channels, proactively adjusting, and the strategy of m6+ big monoliths was ready.
2.11980-2001: Internal distress, the fall of the ocean, the fall of the river, the impending infiltration of Chuan Ludong southwards, and the serious real crisis of wine. In the late '90s, in the face of the strangulation of the Jiangsu market, the sale of white wine in Jiangsu was gradually eroded.
In the year, the Jiang Su-bhai market was sold at $4 billion, compared to 1.3 billion. The reason for this is that, during this period, the Jiang Su-bhai industry was heavily taxed, the business management system was lagging behind, businesses were not able to adjust their self-changes in time from the planned economy to the market economy, and it was difficult to counterbalance the accumulation of businesses and market responses, such as wine.
As the external market environment changed dramatically, the pre-existing advantage of the river was transformed into a disadvantage, so that it fell to the bottom of the valley. In order to stop the downward trend in the company, the company learned about the purchase of the five grains, the marketing model of the five grains, and constantly developed new products to stimulate the market. But because of the failure of the pre-war price hikes on the river, it developed.
Most products are at the lower and middle end, with average market prices below $12. The number of products has increased sharply from 71 to 364, but there is a high degree of homogenization, disruption of product lines, fragmentation of end-resources, which makes it difficult to promote marketing concentration, further deterioration of the profitability of the company, further contraction of the harvest and the collapse of the liquor factory.
2.2 2002-2006: Institutional reforms completed, the blue classics led the new wave, and two institutional reforms inspired internal dynamism. In 2002, the ocean wine factory completed a truly historical reform of the stock system.
Five corporate entities, including fermentation, together with 14 natural persons, such as Yangtze, Zhang Yubau, the school year, and Fan, have initiated the establishment of the Ocean River Consortium. This transformation has far-reaching implications for the company, and the institutional problems of oceanic state-owned enterprises have been addressed initially, along with the introduction of managerial holdings, the unification of corporate individual interests, and the guarantee of corporate governance effectiveness and coherence, which has stimulated life within the company.
In 2006, the company implemented a capital build-up with an increase of 22 million shares to the Blue Alliance and Blue Sea trade (both management holding platforms). Thus, management held a total of 30.7 per cent of the shares, the Jiangsu National Investment Commission amounted to 38.6 per cent, the management held a further increase, and the corporate equity structure was rationalized. Incentives were put in place to fully mobilize management and distributors.
In 2003, the blue classic series of ocean rivers came into being, sparking thousands of waves, and paying tribute to the future of ocean rivers. As a brand-new company, the blue classics are in quality.
The industry, based on the fragrance-based practice of maintaining the traditional style of “sweet, tender, soft, clean, fragrant” in the ocean, highlights the unique style of the wine, which is soft and light, and matches the consumption needs of modern people for healthy and comfortable drinking.
Using the colour of the traditional white wine's red yellow packaging, and using the color of the modern open blue as the backbone of the packaging, it highlights the brand's "fashion sense of fashion" that matches the modern man's quest for a fashion-simplified inner core. The classic quotes of literary Hugo's classics -- "The world's largest is the sea, higher than the sea, bigger than the sky, and bigger than the sky is the man."
As an ad ad, it highlights the cultural dimension of the blue classic "love" and caters to consumers' spiritual demands in the "love" context. The branding of the brand has made it fast into the consumer's mind, and the ocean river song, one of the country's eight most famous old wines, has also provided a powerful brand endorsement for the blue classic series.
In 2002, the company built a hotel channel to learn about the “deck-in-the-plate” model of middle- and high-end white wine core consumer-the hotel as a marketing starting point and to concentrate resources on recommending company products.
Core consumers gradually develop strong consumer preferences in target groups, thereby triggering the start-up of the entire market and the rapid expansion of sales channels (hotel radioactivity, group purchasing). As branding increases, other liquor companies are becoming aware of the importance of hotel channels, the cost of core hotel development is too high, and companies are innovatively proposing the "4x3 post-end" model.
In 2004, the Ocean River innovatively introduced the “1+1” model for terminal channel management, whereby companies (sub-branch plus offices) channel their resources directly to the terminal market, assume development risks, and distributors are primarily responsible for logistics and liquidity. The “1+1” model has simplified the process.
The profit-making model of the seller reduces its business risk and allows both sides to focus on market growth for win-win gains.
Figure 5: The share of the top five clients under deep distribution continues to decline. 2.32007-2012: High-speed development, making ocean river myths, landing boards, raising funds to alleviate production bottlenecks. In 2009, the company landed on Shenzhen master boards, raising a total of 820 million dollars.
The fund-raising project, which includes 9,000 tons of yoki wine brewing, 15,000 tons of medium- and high-profile wine making, and so on, alleviates the energy bottlenecks caused by the fast growth of the blue-coloured classic series. With regard to company capacity, the company has 26 million tons of medium- and high-end white wine production, 61,000 tons of white wine, and nearly saturated pre-market production.
In 2010, under the city's strategic layout, the river and the river were united. The two-crowd wine industry and the river co-locate town, as one of Jiangsu's four most famous wines, the "Twig One" River, had a good brand base and share of sales in Jiang Suhuaan, Xuzhou, Xin-i-Si, and performed well, with revenues of almost $1,466 million in 2009 from sales in the two-crowded sector.
In Jiangsu province, sales are second only to the ocean. After the acquisition of the two trenches, the competition environment is optimized and the company’s future market patterns are laid down. In terms of capacity, the inclusion of 40,000 tons of base alcohol produced annually in the two ditches solves the company’s bottlenecks in the production of base alcohol, which are “compelled in the eyelash” and provides a source for continued rapid development. On products, the ocean’s blue classics and the Treasure House series are among the products.
The Trench's Treasurehouse series was developed in 2005, with three series of "Girls" and "The Holy Room" and "The Imperial" final retail prices being slightly lower than the three classic blue products, filling in part the gap between the blue and blue series of prices, further refining and fine-tuning.
Improving the length of the company’s product lines to meet the needs of every class of consumers. On brand positioning, the blue classic “men’s love” and the Precious Family “man’s love can be easily accommodated” form different brand positions.
Dream blue fissure, moving product structure up. In 2010, the company turned dream blue cracks into m3, m6, m9, taking into account the gradual upward movement of the main consumer price belt in the white market and the relative maturity of the blue classic series of brands. The company further laid the white wine super-high (m9), high-end (m6) and sub-high-end (m3) markets. In pricing, the retail prices of m3, m6, m9.
Not for $428, $618, and $1680, but for further reconnecting the sky with the blue belt, and for a period of industrial adjustment to take over the sub-high-end white wine market, but for a period of freeze. After the 2016 heat of the white wine industry, the dream blue series grew very fast, becoming the second largest single item of the company after the sea blue, with m3 and m6 under the sub-high-level market.
In 2006, the company proposed a strategy for nationalization, in line with the design of the model market, for the implementation of a strategy to achieve the goal of nationalization by driving the model market.
Using the central radiation principle, the company chose the near east as a “Knocking brick” for the Henan market. After the initial success of the model market sales, the company turned to the regional market, with Shandong, Shanghai, Zhejiang, etc.
After five or six years of construction and branding, the country invested $4 trillion in property following the 2008 financial crisis.
Investment and housing markets have flourished, and some key model markets have made initial progress, with 13 provincial markets selling more than RMB 1 billion a year in 2010, out-of-provincial markets moving gradually into the drop-out phase, and in 2011 the number of RMB 22, with the Province of South becoming the first foreign market to sell more than RMB 1 billion. By around 2012, the initial nationalization of the ocean river was based on a process of nationalization.
The industry has entered a period of deep adjustment as a result of negative events in such industries as "tock-off", "restriction of consumption" and "plastic agents" . The industry has suffered from reduced commercial consumption, high-end alcohol consumption, heavy shocks, price reductions for famous wines like the matai and the five-grain fluids, and lower prices for the blue series of company dreams.
During this period, the company actively steered the distributors from the government to the business community using alcohol, focusing on opening markets such as private hospitality, gifts, public banquets, and so on.
In terms of products, tilted resources create medium-end-priced products that match the level of public consumption and cushion the industry’s impact on high-end products’ dream blue series through the release of medium- and low-end products. In 2013, companies pioneered the development of Internet channels.
The company was the first company to develop new product inputs for a power vendor platform, and in 2014, the river's new source of e-commerce was officially connected to the official flag shop.
In the same year, the company launched a healthy version of “health” around ocean micro-molecular alcohol, which is a concept of healthy drinking from product to product, and is expected to follow the blue classic series. While the corporate business earnings and net profits have declined in the broader context of the lower-macro economy and deep adjustments in the white industry, they are in the same industry.
In 2013, the company proposed a new Jiangsu market strategy that focused on promoting key markets in China, but was trapped in a deep industrial adjustment, and the new Jiangsu market moved slowly. After nearly three years of restructuring, the channels grew older.
In 2015, corporate revenues and profits returned to positive growth, especially in the out-of-town market, and were on a fast-growing path, clearly faster than in the province, with an increasing share of out-of-town income. In 2018, there were more than 9,000 cooperative distributors in the ocean river (about 70% outside), and the company’s out-of-town income was almost equal to that of the province.
At the same time, sales in Henan reached 3.5 billion yuan, in Shandong about 2.5 billion, and in Anhui market over 2 billion. In addition, the public administration performed well in Jiangxi, Hebei, Fujian and Guangdong markets, and the strategic gains of the New Jiangsu market were evident.
Figure 14: Expeditious expanses in the extra-oceanic market 2015-2018 Figure 15: Uncontinuous rise in the share of offshore revenue to 50 per cent 3. Core advantage: blue classic belle wine gene, innovative marketing step-by-step cultivation
3.1 Two changes to the governance structure to provide incentives to fully build a community of interests Two changes to the governance structure to facilitate rapid corporate growth. Companies are the pioneers of intra-industry corporate reform, which resulted in significant improvements in business efficiency through two reforms in 2002 and 2006.
7 corporate shareholders and 14 natural persons in the group, initiated the formation of riverine shares, completed the re-engineering of the stock system, and resolved the problem of sovereign ownership and institutional rigidity. In 2006, the company implemented a capital build-up of 22 million shares to management-controlled blue and blue trade, and after the conversion, the state holdings fell to 38.6 per cent, management holdings reached 30.8 per cent, and companies held 30.8 per cent.
In 2016, the Jiangsu Blue Alliance, with limited shares, was formed as an employee holding platform to absorb the shares of companies such as the Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades.
The company announced in October 2019 that it would buy back $1 billion and $1.15 billion to implement core cadres of employees.
As of April 30, 2020, the company had spent $553 million (including transaction costs) to buy back 5.99 million shares, representing 0.397% of the company’s total stock. At the time of the transfer of the new and old team, the stimulus would be more effective in mobilizing the company’s management and cadres.
In the white industry, the company is the only one with two large "China wines" and two Chinese brands, and six Chinese brands. The river brews in Tang Dynasty.
Fort Fook Springs is a beautiful place where the best natural wine-making environment and natural wine originates from the discovery of the "Downgrass Bay Man" and the "Intoxicated Ape fossil" . As Suzhou's most famous wine, the ocean river, the ditches have served as a nation-wide critic, highlighting the wine style. As one of the eight most famous wines, the ocean traverse has laid the quality foundation of the blue classic.
In 2010, under the city’s strategic layout, both rivers and trenches were united. At the time, the two trenches were sold in Jiangsu province on a second scale than the ocean, and the competition environment in the province was acquired.
Optimized, setting up the market for the city in the future. In the first 10 years of holding hands, the company became the “Master of Bi-Givies” in the first half of 2019, and in early 2020 it was upgraded to the “Bond-Givings Marketing Company”, re-directed its senior product director, Zhang Xi-Chian was responsible for marketing the bi-Giving wine, gradually deepening the nationalization of the bi-Giving brand to become an ocean river stock.
By awakening to the brand of the two ditches, the company will push deep into a two-wheel-drive strategy, build a two-wheel-drive pattern, fully activate the branding of the two ditches, and steadily release the two-name alcohol advantage. The blue classics are out there, building barriers to brand differentiation.
The Blue Classic series takes over the middle-to-high-end market, and the relay falls into a muddy ocean. As a brand-new company, the Blue classics are completely innovative in quality, shape, and positioning, cutting in from differences and building brand barriers. 1) Qualitative differentiation: the company’s first soft white wine, breaking the fragrance-based tradition of the white wine industry, is maintaining the ocean river tradition.
On the basis of the "sweet, soft, clean, fragrant" style of style, the unique style of the wine body is soft, lightly and tasted with the characteristics of "low but not light, high, long and clean, full and coordinated, and particularly comfortable after drinking", which match the consumption needs of modern people for healthy and comfortable drinking.) Positioning differentiation: the blue classic series is centred on "men's feelings".
Quote, the combination of white brands and modern life, which has become a new way of emotional trusting and communication for the elite, gaining consumer recognition, and creating consumer emotional resonance. 3) Image differentiation: Blue Classic Series I. Change the traditional white brand gold, yellow, red wrappings, and use cold-coloured blue as a product sign for the consumer.
The shock reminds consumers of the blue river, the blue river, the blue one, the blue one, the man's desire for a wide, big heart and the constant nature of his life.
The River has been trying to integrate brands with internationalized visions, and has introduced a “beautiful branding power” to integrate them into the current of the times, and to present the new era with a sense of home. Not only is the culture of white wine actively disseminated through programmes such as Dream Blues, Dream Blues, National Treasures, etc., in its global strategy.
On the one hand, “go out” and promote the internationalization of brands, and on the other hand, “come forward” and seize opportunities for the dissemination of major national events, particularly at international conferences such as the G20, the Shanghai Qingdao Summit, and reading and understanding China, where dream blues are designated for drinking, thus increasing the brand power of dream blues.
Effective branding strategies, the ocean’s recognition and popularity of international markets, and brand image and brand value have increased internationally. On the list of “brandz 2019’s most valuable Chinese brand 100” the ocean’s shares are ranked 48th in the 48th place of brand value and in the white wine industry.
Fig. 21: Dream Blue 9 became the Shanghai Summit 's designated wine with full coverage at 3.3 prices, continuous structural upgrading, continuous product renewal, full price belt coverage. In 2003, the company started a "soft" white based on fragrance.
Liquor, with three monoliths of sea blue (main price belt), sky blue (medium-high price belt), dream blue (sub-high price belt), with clear product lines to meet consumption demand at various price bands. Given the gradual upward movement of the main price belt in the white market and the relative maturity of the blue brand series, the dream blue fractures of 2010 turned into a dream blue crack.
In the same year, three products were purchased in two ditches, “Girls” and “Sacro” and “Them” to fill the gap between the blue and classic series of price bands. In 2014, the company introduced electricity vendors to supply alcohol “high distances”, test water lines, and a series of “Healthy White” ocean microbes, gradually covering the entire product line.
Building on the full product line, the company’s coverage and competitiveness continue to improve, and its resilience to risk is further enhanced. Figure 22: Oceanine product lines cover development time lines, dream blue hairs, and drive product structural upgrading. The Blue Classic series has grown rapidly since its launch in 2003.
With the rise in per capita income levels and the shift in the mainstream price of white wine consumption, the internal structure of the blue classic series has escalated. Since growth resumed in the white wine industry in 2015, the blue blue and sky have slowed, and the dream blue has become the new growth pole for companies.
As the company’s main push line, dream blue income grew from about 1.5 billion in 2014 to about 6.7 billion in 2018, with a 45% compound annual increase. Despite the fall in corporate income throughout 2019 as a result of the company’s proactive restructuring, the dream blue series continued to grow.
Figure 23: Sustained rise in the proportion of income in the blue classic series Figure 24: High growth in dream blue since 2015
• Blue Classic Series  Other Figure 25: Dream Blue Grows to Blue Classic First Product 3.4 Innovative Marketing Step Up and Terminal Control
In the last two decades, the company has continued to innovate and break through, creating the most powerful marketing network platform for the white industry in China. In 2003, the company, based on its study of the silo “Hotel Disk” model, introduced a new idea centred on “Customs Media” and built a central idea of “group buying public relations”
In the upgrading of the post-end marketing model, companies have also been innovative in proposing a "4x3" model, extending the focus of sales from channels and terminals from distributors to consumers, by directly serving each consumer's own business, now in the true sense of terminal interception. In 2006, companies took the lead in introducing the management concept of fast-out products in the white industry.
Breaking down the traditional business distribution model, creatively using the vendor “1+1” for deep distribution, flattening the channel and increasing the enterprise’s end-control. In 2015, in order to promote a continuous upgrading of corporate marketing, the “522 polarized engineering project” was launched again to fine-tune and fine-tune the channel’s network while expanding the consumer scene of the product.
Figure 27: The ocean channel model changes the way the Internet is set up to cover the whole of the Trinity. As early as 2013, the company introduced the first line of the white wine industry, p. 1 on the line, which was included in the top ten sales cases of the Chinese wine industry in 2013, and was also selected as head of the trade letter.
A list of innovative projects for Internet and Industrial Integration 2014 is available. The model of "plant-led, web-based implementation" is used to meet consumer demand for alcohol and to enable rapid service delivery through offline web sites, stimulating online activity and integrating online with subline o2o. Traditional channels + mobile phone terminals + Internet platforms make companies viable.
The greatest advantage of the deep distribution model is that manufacturers have control over the terminals, so that prices are controlled and run-off prevented. As a result, the company’s nationalization expanded significantly.
The price of the plant is responsible for the implementation of market activities such as mid-end expansion and tailings, branding and grounding, and the number of salesmen and distributors of the company is close to 10,000.
For a long time, companies have been working to deepen their channels and achieve deep flattening, helping them to improve their terminal control, stabilize prices, but also to discourage distributors. Overtransparent channel prices have weakened their profits, and channel pushes have fallen. In 2017-2018, companies adopted a number of small price increases on the blue classic series, but the final offer was not clear.
During the second half of the year, the company resolved to make proactive adjustments, redefine its supplier relationship and clear up high-access stocks at a time of product upgrading in order to prepare the enterprise for long-term healthy development.
For a long time, at the same time, companies have suffered from the weakening of distributors, transparency in their prices, and low profit margins, and a large number of vendors have been recruited to undermine the interests of dealers. To fully mobilize distributors, coordinate vendor relations, and avoid crushing prices, companies have proposed the construction of "one."
The most powerful distributors in the region are selected to dominate, with the remaining distributors complementing and cleaning up those that do not meet the requirements of the company, optimizing the distribution structure and adjusting the profit patterns of the regional market. In addition, different profit models are set up for different types of distributors, with owners making economies of scale;
Most businesses are profiting from high Maori innovations, forming an integrated and plate-based effect, resulting in a harmonious distribution community, working together, harmoniously united, and collectively empowering the brands of both rivers. The high-end branding industry, led by the Ministry of Advanced Brands, focused on the m6+ big monolith.
In order to improve the competitiveness of high-end products, the company created a high-end branding department in 2019, and created more than a dozen specialized high-end branding branches with a full-blown high-end white liquor market. Given that the M6 terminal price was not as high as expected and that price increases were difficult, the company was able to raise prices in April 2019.
Lidu has launched a strategic single item m6+, which, while preserving a set of classic elements, will enhance quality, specification, image and security, and will convey a completely new vision of a better age, worthy of you. Through the strategic price increases, m6+precision cards, 600-800-dollar bands, the goal is to build a billion-grade single item, boost its own brand power, drive it.
In July 2019, Liu was hired as Vice-President of the Company, and again as marketing director. As the company’s marketing team’s meta-old, Liu Xianxian joined the river’s shares early in 2002.
During the early years of the river, from 2002 to 2006, he led a marketing team from the river to take over the Nanjing market in Jiangsubai town, known as the “Deaths” team leader, with great competence and knowledge of the white industry and first-line sales.
Many of the big distributors grew up with Liu Xianxian, which is very well aligned with Liu Xianxian and responsive to the company’s policy. On this basis, the company’s channel adjustment in the province and the import of new product m6+ were smoother. 4.2 In the province: consumption upgrade structure moved upwards, waiting for dream blues to grow.
On the one hand, Jiangsu's permanent population is more stable and the share of the urban population continues to rise. Given that the purchasing power of the urban population is much higher than that of the rural population, the sustained increase in the share of the urban population has led to an increase in the overall consumption capacity of Jiangsu.
Average levels, reflected in higher per capita spending on food, tobacco and alcohol consumption than on the national level, and in the increase in investment in gdp and fixed capital associated with commercial consumption, most of the provinces are faster than the country. Thus, in the last 10 years, Jiangsu province's white wine market has been about 40 billion in size, assuming a 7 per cent increase in the white wine market over the next five years (taking into account gdp's acceleration and access)
The pace of growth is expected to rise to around 60 billion in 2025. Figure 30: The share of the population in the towns of Jiangsu continues to rise. Figure 31: The disposable income of urban residents of Jiangsu is much higher than that of rural residents.
Figure 33: Gdp in most towns in Jiangsu province is growing faster than the national average. Figure 32: Per capita disposable income in Jiangsu province is higher than the national average.
In Jiangsu province, investment in fixed assets has increased at a faster rate than in the whole country, and in Jiangsu province, the white wine market has increased at a faster rate than the main economic indicators.
In recent years, Jiangsu has moved from around $200 to more than $300, and the more economically developed sub-region has moved to more than $400. According to the channels, up to US$ 100 in the North market is either supplementary or self-drinking, 200 in the general population.
The market has performed very well, with the main price segments of the consumer scene, such as commerce and feasts, rising to $300-600, so the 300-600 price belt of Jiangsu province has become the most visible price brackets for the price rise since 2017. The consumption structure of Jiangsu province shows that the consumption of high-end and sub-high-end alcohol is higher than the national level, with consumption leading the upward trend.
Over the second half of 2019, the stock of intra-provincial distributors has been declining since the company took the initiative to control the goods, and the stock level has been reduced to one in the province, although it has been extended by the time it was affected by the epidemic.
Within the month, the pipeline system is nearing completion, and the M6+ replacement is nearing completion. The company’s m9 product is about 1.7 billion dollars in sales for the standard five grains, manual classes, and manual classes, with less than 1,000 tons of sales. According to the company’s current plan for 160,000 tons of base alcohol production, 5% of it is used for the production of m9, 2% for the production of manual classes, which is expected to reach 8,000 tons in the future.
After the smooth import of m6+, in November 2020, the company pushed up the crystal version of m3 to further enhance brand recognition and value. One of the three wagons in the Dream Series, the old version.
The m3-carat 300-400-dollar provincial mainstream consumer price belt, and the crystal version further increases the profits of the channel to absorb the rising demand for consumption from medium- and high-end products. On the basis of the M6+ push line, the channel is confident enough to start selling by the spring season, and we expect that the import of new items will show better performance and that, in light storage, the channel will be adjusted over time or faster than M6+.
4.3 Outside: The New Jiangsu strategy continues, m6+nationalized layouts have expanded, and the New Jiangsu strategy has continued. Given the current average national consumption of white wine, the company ' s national chemical layout is dominated by sea blue penetration, with a relatively low share of the country ' s blue sky and dream blue.
Over the last few years, companies have been expanding to expand the New Jiangsu market across the country, adding 70 new markets in 2019 alone, bringing the total to 570. The country’s channels have been gradually improved to provide a good basis for the consumer’s shift to the blue sky, the blue of dreams, and the prospect of a new breakthrough.
M6+ Successfully imported into Shandong market, and major monolithic nationalizations are under way. Currently, the company has three model markets outside the province, Henan, Shandong, Anhui, with a market size of more than 2 billion. As a relatively mature market, the sea blue is well imported, and the fragrant culture of the user is basically in place, requiring further sub-high branding.
The move has been effective, and the M6+ has not been built on a step-by-step development path, but rather on a step-by-step basis, with a smoother entry into the Shandong market awaiting growth in the volume. 1) Marketing cost: given the company ' s accelerated marketing layout in recent years, the continued growth of sales revenue has led to an increase in marketing efficiency.
In 2020, the new crown epidemic hit the political and economic landscape of the world and our economic development. The international economic situation became more complex, and the domestic economy was under downward pressure, putting some risk on the development of the white and white industry.
There will be more competition between the white wine industry and the white wine industry, among other things. A sudden new coronary pneumonia outbreak in 2020 led to near-stagnating end-uses in the catering industry, wedding dinners, holidays, etc., with some temporary impact on operations, depending on the progress, duration, and anti-control policies.
It is not clear whether the new coronary epidemic, which has been effectively controlled in the country, will re-emerge in spring 2021 as the weather cools, the virus becomes more active, and there are a few confirmed cases in many parts of the country.
In the area of institutional marketing, research into the food and beverages industry, there are in-depth studies on the white wine, leisure halogen products, leisure snacks, meat products, etc. The theoretical basis is solid, the channels are rich, and the research is detailed. The November 2020 accession is partly unregarded, unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.