The performance of q3 is in line with expectations, with a significant increase in the yield of \triangleright q3 battalion in the future, and an improvement in the ring comparison is expected to continue. 23q3, the company achieved a revenue of 1,477 million.
\triangleright, 39.30% increase in the same year and 6.94% increase in the ring; net profit on return to the mother is $411 million increase in the same year. The overall demand profile of the downstream industry should be weaker.
Proactive measures to actively open up product markets, accelerate technological innovation, continue to optimize and extend the accumulation of pre-existing technologies, continue process improvement and cost control efforts, start to grow at the same time in three quarters, and look forward to continuing growth as high-volume products are released in the future.
High-voltage mlcc has made a core breakthrough, with capacity expansion time available. Within the mlcc supply chain, a small number of mlcc leading firms abroad dominate, especially in high-capacity series, where domestic manufacturers have been left without strong vendor support. In terms of products, companies have a high capacity and small size of mlcc.
Significant progress has also been made in two technological developments, with mlcc medium-map thick production technologies ranging from 5 μm to 1 μm today, with stacking layers reaching 1,000 layers. At this stage, the tri-ring group is focusing on high-container products and has achieved coverage and production capacity in the 01005-1206-sized series, accelerating the production of high-end electronic components in the country.
The process of research and development, the improvement of the domestic industrial chain, and the sale of mlcc are on the rise. With the arrival of high-yielding workers, new production will continue to be opened, with high-capacity mlcc release time.
The high-temperature fuel cell project is well received, sofc is well under way. In the case of new energy products, three \trianglerights successfully passed through the receipt and inspection month and became an important milestone node for our sofc development. In addition, they work with downstream customers.
The demonstration of the application of the megawatt class of sofc to the launch of LNG receiving stations and industrial parks is also well under way. Investment proposal: In view of the low demand downstream in the third quarter of 2023, we expect \triangleright in 23/24/25
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.