23q3 performance with high growth, close to mlcc national production, high-end new opportunities, multiple measures for development, 23q3 performance with high growth
Companies are active in developing product markets, accelerating technological innovation, and sustaining process improvements and cost controls. mlcc: Localized supply is imperative, breaking out of super-high-capacity and unstoppable, tri-ring groups focus on research and development, production and marketing of electronic components and their underlying materials, with major products including electronics.
Materials and materials, semiconductor components, communications components, etc. can be widely used in electronics, communications, consumer electronics, industrial electronic equipment and new energy sources.
With rapid growth in industries such as 5g, smartphones, access to goods, and cars, the electronics market has grown rapidly, with mlcc being one of the most expensive and fastest-growing fundamentals in the world. According to the Chinese Association of Electric Subcomponent Industries, the global market was about $12.4 billion in 2022, including the Chinese market.
In terms of competition patterns, data from the China Electronics Industry Association show that Sun Peak had the highest market share of 54% in 2021, with manufacturers of mlcc from mainland China accounting for about 7% of the world’s share.
The number of China ' s mlcc imports and exports has increased from year to year, but the volume of imports has long been higher than the volume of exports, and the margin has expanded from year to year.
In terms of product structure, imports of mlcc are dominated by high performance, and exports of mlcc are concentrated in medium- and low-end areas, reflecting the high demand for high performance mlcc in domestic markets, and reveal the market potential of the indigenous mlcc industry for high-performance, high-capacity products that remain untapped.
To address industrial pains such as stress break-ups, screams, etc., the three ring groups have increased their investment in mlcc technology research and development and capacity expansion, and have now launched a series of high-voltage, high-intensity n, high-intensity c, high-frequency 4 products. 1) High-voltage high-voltage series: products break through materials high-mediatic constants, stack over layers, medium layer and electropolar layer thicker.
Thin, applied to areas where cost and size requirements are high. 2) High intensity n series: products optimized internal stacking layer design, resulting in new staggered structural design of printing electrodes equivalents, effective product offset ability and bending performance. 3) High intensity c series: product super-extensible.
Buffering external shocks applies to situations where the risk of breakage is vulnerable to adverse mechanical stress. (4) HF series: products that use copper electrodes to replace nickel electrodes can exhibit low-esr, high-q features in high-frequency conditions, and are used in low-deflation, high-bandwidth circuits.
In the area of high tolerance mlcc, the tri-ring group mlcc product has completed a leap in the media layer from a single layer of 5 m mem to 1 m mem thick, a breakthrough in the stacking layer of up to 1,000 layers, and a larger model of high-capacity products of 0201 and above, and has taken the lead in large-scale applications for head-line enterprises in the end-use areas.
Development and volume of medium-sized and small-sized higher-capacity specifications such as 0805-100 μf, 1206-220 μf and 01005 ~ 0603 will be pursued, with hundreds of billions of new energy sources expected to be produced annually in the high-capacity series by 2025: mastering the production capacity of the entire technology chain of Sofc/soec, 210 kw power generation system through acceptance and inspection
Sofc/soec technology has been rapidly developed as an important fuel cell/hydrogen energy technology, guided by the two-carbon target. After nearly 20 years of continuous input and technology, the Tricycle has now become one of the core components of the global sofc/soec industry chain, from materials, single batteries, reactors, to systems sofc/soec.
Technology chain R & D and volume capacity, with more than 50 core patents, pioneered the launch of the country's first 35kw and 50kw power sofc power generation systems and led the “13th-five” national priority R & D plans, committed to providing safety and reliability for the efficient use of renewable energy in “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” processes
In January 2023, the company's 210kw demonstration project on research and development and application of high-temperature fuel cell power generation was successfully accepted. The research and development of the fuel cell power generation system cut through the entire technology chain and successfully innovated the country's lead.
Demonstration applications of 100-kW-grade ceramic fuel cell power generation systems, with capacity exceeding 210 kw, exchange power generation with a net efficiency of 64.1 per cent, combined efficiency of 91.2 per cent, and technological targets at an internationally advanced level.
In the new energy sector, companies have been successful in mastering the development and volume capacity of the entire technology chain of Sofc/soec, and have grown dynamically, guided by the two-carbon goal. Industrialization risks, market competition, increased risks, less than expected expansion of capacity, systemic risks, etc.
1) Electronic components and materials: Electronic components as an important basis for industrial informationization, market size is expanding rapidly: the China Electricity Subcomponents Industry Association states that electronic components are expected to achieve $246 trillion in sales by 2025.
The overall demand for the industry slowed down, downstream producers continued to go to stock, companies adjusted their strategies in a timely manner, continued process improvements and cost controls, and continued development of new products and new applications markets. Among these, multilayered ceramic capacitors made innovative breakthroughs in high-capacity, small-sized, etc. Communications components: domestic mobile 5g network construction continued to expand coverage, while overseas mobile 5g network deployment continued.
The construction of mega-data centres and fibre-optic penetration rates have further increased. Companies are actively taking measures to respond to changes in the situation, further reducing production costs and constantly expanding new specifications, optimizing customer structures and stabilizing and increasing domestic and foreign market penetration. We expect (3) semiconductor components: companies are continuously developing the production of semiconductor components, optimizing technological routes, improving product quality, and moving forward.
A step-by-step increase in product market ownership; and an active expansion of semiconductor ceramic applications to continue the innovative development of semiconductor envelopes. In addition, the semiconductor chip wrapper industrialization project has been closed, and the product is in the process of being released and is expected to contribute in the future.
Three companies were selected as comparable companies: Fenghua High School, torch electronics, and Hung Farn Electronics. The main product of Fenghua High is the electronic component, which consists of mlcc, piece resistors, sensors, superchargers, etc., in areas such as automobiles, calculators, industrial controls, and has complete chains of products from materials, processes, to products for large-scale research and development.
The development, production, sale, testing and servicing of electronic components, new materials and related products, including a wide range of products, such as titanium, ceramic capacitors, fused multi-layer ceramic capacitors, multi-core ceramic capacitors, pulse-power ceramic capacitors, tantalum capacitors, super capacitors, etc., widely used in high-end collars such as aviation, space, ships and communications, electricity, orbital traffic, new energy sources, etc.
Domains. The Hong distant electronics main business is the technological development, production and marketing of electronic components dominated by ceramics, filters, and products such as ceramics, filters, ceramic circuit boards, ceramic tube shells, and product positioning “precision, specialization, strength”, which are widely applied in high-end areas such as electronic information, automobiles, electronics, communications, etc.
In the new energy sector, companies have successfully acquired sofc/soec's full technology chain of R & D and volume capacity, and have grown up with the two-carbon target for the first time.