• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 3-quarter 2023 reports issued by the company, according to which the company accumulated revenue in the first three quarters of the year 23
(b) For the first quarter of 23q3, the company achieved income of 1,477 million yuan, an increase of 39.30 per cent and the ring growth rate of 2.54 per cent: the return net profit of 411 million yuan, an increase of 35.44 per cent. The ring ratio is essentially the same:
• The business of mlcc is progressing well, promoting the growth of corporate revenues in relation to the ring, the impact of the complex international situation, global macroeconomic fluctuations and downstream stock movements, and the slowdown in overall demand in the electronics sector. But companies are actively taking measures to open up product markets and accelerate technology
The speed of technological innovation continues to be optimized and extended in the build-up of pre-existing technologies. Mlcc has made significant progress in high-volume, small-sized research and development, car regulation mlcc products have been certified through the Car Regulations system, and some conventional capacity specifications have started to be imported into the car supply chain.
With the rise in the company’s crop rate and the increase in the share of high-conforming products, and the build-up of cost advantages, the company’s mlcc business is expected to continue to improve its performance, such as ceramic backboards, pkg, etc., as the industry recovers.
As the global economy recovers, the demand for downstream consumer markets will continue to improve, leading to a warming of corporate revenues from such related activities as ceramics, backboards, pkg, etc. In ceramic backboards, companies are downstream, dominated by intellectuals and watches, and are expected to grow as products become more permeable in smart watches.
In the pkg area, where the company’s products are mainly used in the crystalline sector, downstream applications, such as filters, are being actively expanded, and revenues are expected to increase as downstream applications expand. Moreover, corporate sofc new products are not expanding as expected, and downstream demand is not recovering as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.