The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) is losing track of its performance and expects a 20-year profit reversal.
The main reason for the significant increase in non-recurring returns is the decline in goodwill and the resulting minimum purchase commitment reimbursement to the Taiwan Section.
1. " Accelerating the integration process, sealing the long line to the industry " . " Fair value changes are a major reason why four quarters of net profit deductions are negative. " Headquarters functions are strengthened to take management forward with the integration of Starcombs: according to corporate announcements, it is proposed to set up a site in Shanghai.
In the second half of 2019, we believe that the company is accelerating its efforts to integrate HSBC into HSBC. The HSBC covers both the national branch of long power technology and the domestic and foreign branch of HSBC and HSBC.
Agencies, as headquarters functions are strengthened, integration measures will be implemented more effectively, and we expect that H.C. Kim-Pon will lose significantly by 2020. With a high industry profile for priority clients, the long line of seals is expected to benefit significantly: the company in 2020.
We believe that the sealing industry is expected to remain high in 2020, driven by downstream demand, such as 5g, servers, and storage. For large clients, we believe that the company’s Korean factory is expected to benefit from the needs of a client, aip-sip, and uwb, and that the country is expected to benefit.
The company's progress in advancing the “large headquarters” will benefit from the industry's high profile and the loss of star money, and, at the same time, we have raised the forecast net profit from the mother to 87 million (maintenance) for 2019-2021 and $620 million.
JUNG JUNG: Industry output expands too fast: Starcombing is not as integrated as expected: power station/Intel-flex advanced envelopes
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment