\triangleright 200404
\triangleright Deng Yongkang has increased the volume and product strength to a new height. 23 years of company product delivery has exceeded 40 gwh, a year-on-year increase.
\triangleright, more than 40% long, with power cell systems and storage battery systems generating 2,30.51 million and 6,932 million Li Hyo Peng, respectively
Batteries, cells with a single energy density of 240wh/kg, systems with a energy density of 190wh/kg and a fast charge of 18 minutes. Second, 360wh/kg semi-stabilized batteries have been tested with a strict needle puncture.
Energy density can be as high as 260wh/kg, with a range of more than 1,000 km. Integrated industrial chains are built, globalization strategies are followed by cities. 1) Mineral resource ends: company acceleration, \triangleright
In July 23, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Bassfe to promote chemical materials in Jubano.
Application in the pool area; 2) Battery end: The company accelerated the construction of offshore bases, October 23, when the company announced its intention to invest in lithium battery projects and battery materials projects in Illinois and Michigan. In December 23, the first battery pack product of Gokko in the United States was officially offline at the Frimont factory.
In the same month, the first battery product of a Thai factory was officially offline, and the first stage of a pack annual production plan for a Thai factory was 2gwh, with a future expansion to 8gwh. 3) Downstream application end: storage energy, with companies working with Nannet.
On the power side, in May 23, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, the compost, received a purchase-point letter for a mass vehicle to supply it with a standard lithium phosphate core.
In the field, companies have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with billions of aerial intelligence to develop the development of the product of the "vetol" product. 1. National lynchon high (002074.sz) event-point assessment: Quality doubles, taking into account the company’s active efforts to build an integrated industrial chain, leading the process of going out to sea, and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. In-depth report of the National High School (002074.sz) on the industrial chain \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.