National High School (002074.sz): Release of full-blown new products such as battery on 21 May 2024, product matrix expansion
On May 17, at the 13th General Conference of Science and Technology, the company released three new products: a solid-state "gold cell", 5c super fast-filled "g-carved battery" and a high nickel three-dollar column "Star morning battery".
The company is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell liquid-ion batteries for new energy vehicles.
With autonomous core intellectual property rights, the main business is lithium power, energy density is as high as 350wh/kg, up by more than 40% from the mainstream trio battery, using two major business plates: cell and transmission equipment, the main product.
The route, through micronacid solid electrolysis, ultra thin film cover single crystals and three-dimensional diaphragm silicon negatives, is a breakthrough at the end of the material for positive materials, lithium power cell core, lithium power cell. Over 3,000 life expectancy in circulation, close to 3,000 to 4,000 for the main lithium cell.
The battery management system and the storage, distribution and distribution of batteries have been successfully tested in 200°C, far above the national 130°C test, high-tolerance products, and so on.
Temperature performance is excellent and directs to the product safety needs that are currently being focused on at the end of the application. Solid-state battery technology has accumulated for many years, helping companies extend the new area of lithium applications. Seventeen years have passed since firm-state battery and solid-state electrolytic technology was developed, with the first energy density of 260wh/kg being released in 22 years.
This complete solid "Goldstone Batteries" product is a reflection of the company's continuous investment over the years in lithium front-line technology, which now has semi-solid industries.
With the capacity to build semi-solid cell capacity of 2gwh, this release of fully solid batteries is expected to run a small batch of vehicle experiments in 27 years, yielding 30 years in the case of industrial chain improvement. Vtol is more demanding for battery energy density and safety in low-altitude economic development, and the company's strategic co-development of billions of aerial intelligence at the end of the 23rd year.
The company is expected to participate in low-altitude economic development, expansion of lithium power applications, and share the industrial growth dividend, based on high energy density and safety of solid battery products. 5c supercharges/large cylinder batteries were released.
High nickel trinity 46 is a product of two large cylinders, the Star Morning Batteries. "g-stroke battery" supports the lfp/lmfp/ncm circulation b/h (millions of shares) of various material systems, increasing the positive and extreme density of lithium and the trinity voltage, and using multiple graphite negative poles and lows.
The glue-combined electrolyte, super thinly coated diaphragms, etc., can have a core energy density of 190/255wh/kg and achieve a super-fast charge of 5c of 9.8min80%soc. The Star Morning Battery is a 46-system large cylinder battery product of the company using a three-dimensional system of high nickel, with an energy density of up to 285wh/kg.
With self-research of second-generation silicon materials and arctic electrolyte, batteries are designed using gradient electrodes and completely new structures to achieve a fast charge of 9min10% to 70% of 4c, and pack is designed with a super-large non-module design to reduce the number of spare parts by 30% and a bottom/multi-surface cooling programme for lithium/triple systems, respectively.
The product matrix is further enriched, and the client structure is expected to be optimized. On the basis of the company's 23-year launch of the lmfp “Initiating Morning Batteries”, two new items with fast charge performances of 4c or more will be published this time.
It also enriches the company's product matrix, with new items that can be matched with pure power and booster models, while pack is super thin, high-end vehicles such as saloons, suv, etc., fully match the company's current strategic objectives of a class-a and above.
q3Sop, new product "g-carrying battery" with capacity to produce, is pushing forward with the summer price test, and q4 is expected to produce in volume and to supply foreign mainframe plants. 5c super-fast charge/big-cylinder battery, etc. boxing products can, by virtue of their excellent performance, fully meet the diversity needs of downstream customers, prospective company guests.
Household structure is expected to expand and optimize continuously. Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies have concentrated their past products on the lithium system, with new energy sources up to level A. Vehicle models, companies ' continuous selection of front-line technology products such as battery material systems, product patterns and solid-state batteries
• Research assistant: Wu Xingyang Division cost/profit improvement, technology R & D and bulk application processes are less than expected, and industry competition is more than expected.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Gokko (002074.sz): Release of brand-new products such as fully solid batteries, product matrix expansion is expected to expand and optimize the client structure, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Gokko (002074.sz): Release of brand-new products such as fully solid batteries, product matrix expansion is expected to expand and optimize the client structure, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Ho Ha Qing, research assistant profile, Wu Xingyang.
An analysis of your own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the release of brand-new products such as fully solid batteries is expected to expand and optimize the client structure.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.