National High School (002074.sz): Cost-containment 25 April 2024.
The company was the first in the country to engage in a new-energy car-powered lithium separation.
One of the companies that autonomously develop, produce and sell sub-cells has an autonomous core intellectual property right, with the main business being lithium-83.8 per cent, which is powered by the company ' s performance over the course of the year, with significant increases in net profit attributable to the mother.
Battery and transmission equipment are two major business units, the main products of which are solid materials, lithium cell cores, lithium cell batteries, and the customer structure of the customer is constantly optimized and the stock is growing rapidly.
Group, battery management system, storage, distribution, etc.. The company has produced lithium power batteries for many years, for hundreds of millions of dollars, +24.7 per cent, domestic loading machines for 15.9gwh, accompanied by Mitsubishi/Ola for cats/Lumin.
At the same time, the company has developed a strategic partnership with U.S.S.S.A.A.A.S.
The Division, which has been selected by bnef as a global supplier of Tier1 storage energy products, is now relatively well placed in hand orders and continues to contribute to the growth of its performance in collaboration with large domestic and foreign storage/household strategic projects such as Sumeda/Southnet storage capacity/Japan edison. We believe that, as companies work more with domestic and foreign clients, the capacity to add up is being released.
Corporate output is expected to maintain a high rate of growth and battery output is expected to reach 55 gwh in 24 years. divisional acceleration of post-partum short-term depreciation amortization offsets the impact of a drop in raw materials and cost end-of-end reduction in total equity/releasea shares (million shares)
Roughly below the reporting end battery unit price and expected to be modified after future capacity climbs and economies of scale are released The circulation b/h (millions) share is spread over the corporate size effect and the management capacity and operations generated by the full-scale introduction of the public group management system
Improved effectiveness, resulting in four consecutive years of falling cost rates, a solid recovery in corporate profits, and 23 years of corporate globalization’s strategic effectiveness, with the prospect of a sustained increase in overseas competitive advantage. 23 years of corporate overseas revenues of $6.428 billion, or +115.7 per cent, and 20.3 per cent, or +7.4 ptt.
A total of four United States/Thailand/Indonesian pack production bases are delivering output, marking the beginning of the harvest period for the company ' s overseas production and, according to Sneresearch, a 23-year total of 31gwh, compared to +64 per cent, the city ranked eighth in a rate of about 3 per cent, and the corporate globalization strategy has gradually emerged.
Starting with the gradual landing, it is expected that with the tightening of the policy requirements of the country year after year, companies will be expected to continue to improve the competitiveness of overseas markets with the production end advantage of a high proportion of home-grown manufacturing, the build-up of popular group shareholders and their own years of lfp battery research and development and production experience, and we appreciate the company’s long-term trend towards increasing global market dominance.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve business income in 2024-2026 Research Assistant: Wu Xingyang and product structure improvements or provision of scope for recovery; looking ahead, we think the corporate globalization strategy has been rolled out
It is clear that the ability of overseas producers to take the lead and have a well-developed chain of local industries in the United States is expected to increase global competitiveness on a continuous basis, benefiting fully from the profitability and growth potential of overseas markets, and maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The Division’s cost/profit improvements have been less than expected, and industry competition has increased than expected.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the country (002074.sz): the cost side continues to improve, the strategy of globalization is beginning to work.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the country (002074.sz): the cost side continues to improve, the strategy of globalization is beginning to work.
The research assistant gives an overview of research areas such as Wu Xingyang.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
National high school (002074.sz): The cost side is constantly improving and the strategy of globalization is beginning to show no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.