Telecommunication operation ii China Movement (600941.sh)
The digital transition income has been growing in double digits, with the "ai+" initiative generating new kinetic energy. On August 14, 2024, China moved to publish its semi-annual report for 2024. 2024h1, the company achieved 546,744 million revenues.
At the end of (a) c: income from traditional flow operations has fallen and continues to integrate multi-factor interests as opposed to 55%. A net increase in mobile customer size of 9.26 million households, breaking the 1 billion mark; arpu 51 yuan, the same amount.
The pace slowed significantly, with the same ratio for the Dou, mainly because of the gigabyte of broadband penetration, the immature application of large-flow innovation, the diversion of scenes such as smart cabins, etc., and the superimage of over 50% of the 5g penetration, the drop of the arpu value, etc.
Basic data: 30 June 2024 Clouds, equity revenues, etc., striving for a net increase of 80 million households in the 5g network throughout the year, moving aarpu to remain stable.) (h) End: Broader Home Users are growing by nearly 10 million, actively building new growth points for wise people.
2024h1, the company ' s household market earns 69.835 billion yuan, or 7.5 per cent of the year, and accounts for 4.5 per cent of the business income of the main business.
Add (a net increase of 18 million over the year ' s target) with a gigabyte of broadband penetration, fttr customer development, intelligent plus content-driven household growth driving household arpu values to remain stable. 3) Digitalized transition income continues to grow in double digits, with mobile cloud revenues exceeding 50 billion
2024h1, the company’s digitized transformation revenue is $147.1 billion, or +11.0%, representing 31.7%, or +2.4 pp, of the main business. Digital transformation operations represent new dynamics in the company’s chbn field, including new business in the personal market, smart families, government firms, property networks, exclusive lines, emerging markets, etc.
Zhao Tianwoo's basic business remains innovative and the income structure continues to optimize. At the same time, the market continues to expand, with 2024h1 earning 50.4 billion yuan, or +19.3 per cent of the year; i+p's share of income is in place.
In the top five of the industry, income growth is at the highest level, and in the future the 5g industry will deepen its application and continue to expand into the traffic network, digital government, and the new low-altitude economy. (4) Operation ai+ will help to accelerate the realization of intelligence, and the Basic6 strategy will consolidate the business of the head.
The \triangleright company is currently in the process of converting its flow business to new information services, old and new, and we believe that the company has a solid customer base, a data base, and an arithmetic base, which is expected to accelerate the realization of ai-new energy.
To promote the “3 million” artificial intelligence initiative (huanca cluster, trillion token data, trillion parameter model) and maintain its sophistication in the interior of the country. The first half of the year (fp16) 19.6eflops, early in the year, +9.5eflops.
The company's “basic6” has been very productive and active in the development of innovation and technology. The “basic6” includes a large number of people, i, security, capability center, arithmetic network, and 6g, with more than 50,000 R & D staff involved.
On the other hand, the company built a five-g-a-sense pilot platform to publish a six-g-sense-integrated R & D pilot package, with 5-g-a standard contributing to the first set of global operators; on the one hand, the launch of a multi-model model of hundreds of millions of parameters, leading the country's “double filing”; and, on the other hand, in the area of security, the launch of a full-fledged corporate industry.
In the future, technology and innovation, combined with traditional business, are expected to maximize the scale of technological capabilities and economic benefits. Companies will continue to grow steadily, with a further increase in the red rate and international ownership.
Current operators still have room for improvement against valuations, maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating. Users in the communications industry are growing at a reduced rate, and there is a potential for movement if the company’s combined interests are not operating as expected and for growth in corporate cloud computing due to such factors as a larger base and market competition.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.