The Communications Group is operating well, and the red rate will increase further by $546.7 billion, an increase of 3.0 per cent over the same period; a net return of 80.2 billion won to the mother.
Of this increase, 5.3 per cent was achieved in the same quarter, when q2 achieved operating income of $283 billion, an increase of the same year.
“Commercial Power + Capability,” 2024.3.22 Half-yearly, the company's “second curve” digitized transformation generated revenues of $147.1 billion, a year-on-year increase.
11.0 per cent, representing 31.7 per cent of the income from the main business, and 2.4 percentage points higher than the previous year. ebitda is $182.3 billion, and ebitda is 39.3 per cent of the income from the main business: 3. China Mobile Corporations: Digital Transformation Promoting Business Architecture
The annualized net asset rate of return was 12.0%, an increase of 0.2 percentage points from the same year, and profitability continued to be a leading international operator. Capital spending was 64 billion yuan yuan, and the red rate would increase further: to better repay shareholders and share development gains, companies would be able to make a difference.
The share of profits distributed in cash as a share of the profits due to shareholders in the year will rise further than in 2023 and continue to generate greater value for the shareholders. According to the company’s annual report 2023, the development of a continuous network of leading algorithms is beginning to yield results in the use of ai: at present, the company’s smartness counts.
The scale is 19.6 eflops(fp16). The "n+x" 10 levels, full-cover smartness, the layout is constantly improving, and the first batch of 13 KIMJin, the Long Triangle, the Bay of Australia, Chengjing, etc. have been successfully launched.
In the first half of the year, the company has published 17 self-researched nine-day industry models, which are based on the "Nine Days" basics of the company's intelligence base, consisting of hundreds of millions of model models, ecological platforms that bring together hundreds of elements.
In addition, the company promotes an internal upgrading of operating management wisdom, management empowerment and efficiency gains. The cost of fixed asset networks has fallen by 3.5 per cent per cent per year, and 5g single-station energy consumption has fallen by 11.7 per cent per year.
Five hundred and fifty thousand employees on the payroll, with a cumulative reduction of less than 1.54 million days; profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, i.e., less developed than expected; dict business development, less developed than expected; and industry competition, which increases risks.
Appendices: 3 forecast summaries of statements
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market