China's oil (601857.sh/00857.hk) looks forward to the previous period, with a strong demand for gas from the mainland of Diego, from which the company's natural gas-related operations will benefit, leading to steady growth in its future performance and maintenance of a “holding” rating.
The fall in oil prices and the non-recurrent gains and losses were less than expected in four quarters: the company ' s performance in the fourth quarter was lower than expected, on the one hand, in the first three quarters of 18 years, the overall balance of supply and demand in the global oil market, and the international crude oil price boom, while oil prices fell sharply in the fourth quarter, with a cash balance of four quarters of the brent crude oil.
The average price was $68.82 per barrel, an increase of 12.4 per cent in the same year, a decline of 8.4 per cent in the ring, a decline in oil prices and a decline in profitability; on the other hand, the company disposed of part of its hydrocarbon assets and fixed assets that meet the end-of-life conditions in accordance with the accounting standards, and the net loss on the disposal of non-current assets is expected to increase over the same period of the previous year.
Capital expenditure was 74.62 billion yuan in the first half of 18 years, an increase of 19.7 per cent in the same year, and the price of crude oil fell rapidly in the fourth quarter, with a corresponding estimated impairment loss in crude oil stocks, which, taken together, led to the processing of almost 70 per cent of its own production supply and a strong resistance to market risk: the company ' s crude oil production in 2017.
For 887.0 million barrels, crude oil is processed at 1016.9 million barrels, of which 681.3 million barrels of home-grown crude oil are processed at a self-sufficiency rate of 67%. The international crude oil price rise is undoubtedly better than the company’s performance, but when crude oil prices fall, the company’s industrial chain from crude oil to finished oil and chemical products is more resistant.
The price of oil fell sharply in the fourth quarter of 18 years, the current level of brent crude oil rebounded from a low of over 25%, the new production reduction agreements between OPEC and non-OPEC oil-producing countries were implemented on schedule, the international trade situation showed signs of absconding, the strength of non-farm employment data in the United States, and the Central Bank of China reduced liquidity.
Oil demand is expected to improve, given the continuing increase in the production of foliage oil in the United States, which is projected to be less than 18 years in 19 but should be significantly better than in the preceding period, and hence the high demand for gas from company exploration and refining plates in 19 years, and the profitability of gas-related operations: continental gas exploration started in 2018.
The use of natural gas has been increasing steadily, with 161 billion cubic metres of natural gas production growing by 7.5 per cent over the year, and according to the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country ' s natural production will reach 20.7 billion cubic metres in 2020, with a compound increase of 13.4 per cent, with further adjustments in the country ' s energy structure and a rapid increase in natural gas demand over 18 years.
The apparent consumption of natural gas was 27.6 billion cubic metres, an increase of 16.6 per cent from the same year, and the high demand for natural gas not only led to higher natural gas prices, but also stimulated higher upstream exploration operations. According to the National Statistical Office, the average price of liquefied natural gas (lng) in 2018 was 4390 yuan per ton, an increase of 16.3 per cent from the same year.
The current latest price is $5374/ton, a small decline of 4.3 per cent over the same period, but is still higher than the average price of 18 years. Second, the demand for natural gas will continue to grow rapidly as the process of “coal conversion” progresses, and corporate natural gas will continue to contribute to its performance in upstream exploration and downstream marketing operations.
21 times pb corresponding to 1.10, 1.07 times h shares corresponding to 15, 13 times pe, chinaresearchdept. Figure 1. International Brent crude oil futures settlement price chart
This report is prepared by the Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.