Upstream business performance was strong, with a bottom-of-performance recovery as at 22 March 2019, the net profit of company shareholders was $52,585 million, an increase of 133.4 per cent over the same period.
Oil prices have shifted upwards. The bottom of performance recovery \triangleright is the country's largest producer of oil and gas, producing an average of more than 1.4 billion barrels of oil in the last three years.
In 2018, despite the pre- and post-high international oil prices, average prices rose considerably, with Brent and Wti having average spot prices of $71.31 per barrel and $65.18 per barrel, respectively, an increase of 31.6 per cent and 28.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
The higher loss of non-current assets and the impairment of assets taken up will partly delay performance, but as international oil prices rise, the impact of this component on performance will diminish, and the elasticity of corporate performance on oil prices will increase.
Benefiting from the rise in international oil prices, the firm ' s upstream exploration and production performance rebounded rapidly, bringing about a profit of 73,519 million yuan, an increase of 58,044 million yuan in the same year, returning to the company ' s status as a profit-making entity. The refining business benefited from the production of Yunnan petrochemicals, increased crude oil processing and finished oil production, and increased operating profits on the same basis.
7%. With a 12.0% increase in sales block performance in the previous three quarters, stock losses increased in the fourth quarter as a result of falling oil prices, resulting in an annual loss of $6.45 billion. Natural gas and pipeline operations, while still showing significant losses in imported gas, achieved operating profits by optimizing the mix of marketing strategies
The price of international oil has fallen significantly, with 25.515 billion yuan yuan, an increase of 62.6 per cent over the same period.
China Oil (601857): Higher oil prices drive performance.
All-round recovery, with an expected year-round performance, corporate financial statement data projections are summarized Yang Jian: Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computation of chemical and hydrocarbon resources) in association with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.