Three-quarterly review of 2025: classic, white beer growth, October 28, 2025, income tax period.
Quantum rhythm is relatively stable, with classic and white beverages continuing. 25q1-q3 total sales/prime brand sales. See, sales are back to historical better levels in the first quarter, consumption in the second and third quarters are still growing resiliently, and we expect double-digit sales in the first three quarters to grow, and classic sales are rising steadily.
There is still a decline in the length and purity of life. The current emerging channels of green beverages remain in the forefront, with instant retail sales intensifying the development of new industries such as lightning, electric barns, liquor camps, etc., with a clear boost to the medium- and high-end categories. 25q1-q3 tons of alcohol are collected at the same rate of -0.2% to -4259.74 tons, of which 25q1/25q2/25q3 tons are collected separately.
The gross sales margin has improved and the income tax period has been a drag on profits. 25q3 net interest rate for sales has been equal to +0.24 pct to 16.09%, while the gross sales margin has improved but the income tax period has been disturbed.
Qingdao Beers (60000): Mid-year 2025: Assessment: All channels combined, sustained high-quality increases expected mainly from the impact of improved earnings of subsidiaries), 25q3 net return to the mother + 1.62 per cent.
In the short term, the current catering end has contributed to a historically low volume of beer and alcohol sales, and has focused on opportunities to repair beta from changes in policy margins. The new chairman of the board has made proactive changes in some vulnerable provinces since taking office, focusing on follow-up vulnerable provinces.
In the medium term, drawing on the development path of the overseas beer giants, we think: over a quarter of pressure, the next price.
China's beer track is a high-quality front line, with an offensive dimension derived from the resilience and sustainability of the upgrades. The popular price of the diversity of demand is underpinned by the middle-level core; the defence dimension comes from the beer industry, which is at a stage of relatively robust capital spending and excellent cash flow performance, with a clear future dividends rate.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: short-term attention to beta variations and the bean itself alpha rhythm, medium-term dimensions of green beams are a high-quality target for both offensive and prepared purposes, and upscaling resilience and dividends are a catch. Reference is made to the three major financial forecast tables for Aoshima Beer.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.