Falling harvest, high end and cost dividend-driven profit growth, Aoshima Beers (60000) evaluation report, October 28, 2025.
Demand-side pressure has led to a small drop in revenue, but profits have been rising. The market value of the share of circulationa in the first three quarters of 2025 (millions of dollars) may be linked to the higher rainfall in the country during the season and the overall weakness of the catering industry; and the realization of returns.
The net profit of 1.370 billion yuan (yoy+162 per cent), the net profit of 1.290 billion yuan (yoy+2.41 per cent) and the same increase in the case of falling revenues, may, in our view, be linked to the structural upgrading of the product, the decline in the cost of raw materials and the effective control of the costs over the period.
The cumulative sales of Qingdao beer in three quarters amounted to 6.894 million litres (+1.6 per cent for the same year), of which the main brand Qingdao beer amounted to 399 million litres (+4.1 per cent for the same year) and products above the middle and high end amounted to 2.935 million litres (+5.6 per cent for the same year), indicating an increase in sales of medium and high end products.
Higher speed, higher product structure, a steady recovery in sales, higher profitability, higher end-of-service and cost-dividend drive profit growth, and lower cost-end sales costs.
In the third quarter of the year, the company's Māori rate was 43.56 per cent, compared with 1.44 pcts and net interest rate of 16.09 per cent, compared with 0.24 pcts. The cost of raw materials that benefited from beer, such as barley, and the company's products decreased.
At the cost end, for the third quarter of 2025, the sales/management/research and development (R & D) rates were respectively.
Business sales costs are more sophisticated and efficient. Profit predictions and investments suggest that, in the short term, the lower cost dividend is expected to continue, the weather improves, and the entire Games are expected to warm the beer demand.
The production of beer taps, which in recent years have been deployed in high-end/super-high-end markets, and future high-end promotion of equal risk factors: the risk of price volatility of raw materials and packages, increased risk of competition in the industry, risk of food security, and risk of economic recovery less than expected.