In the third quarter of 2025, income growth slowed, product structure continued to rise, food beverages, non-white wines, compared to falling, 1,000 litres of alcohol, equal to-0.5%.
Continuation, q3 Qingjia main brand/other brand sales equal to +4.2%/-4.8%, major brand sales increased to 43.6% as a result of the optimal product structure, the gradual release of a few thousand litres of alcohol, the gradual release of cost dividends, and good cost controls.
The product structure is optimized by 43.6% q3 Mäori, compared to +1.4 pp. At the cost end, the sales/management/R & D/financial cost ratio is the same as -0.4/+0.1/+0.1/+0.4 pp, and the overall cost rate is stable, with the sales rate down slightly from the same ratio reflecting good market cost controls, and a small increase in financial cost rates is expected to be beneficial.
Interest income decreases. With the same increase in the q3 income tax rate and a smaller increase in the same rate of net interest return, profitability projections and investment proposals: after the company ' s new management has taken office, more emphasis is placed on a balance between market shares and high endners, and while consolidating high-end advantages, it is hoped that sales and shares will be repaired through a proactive market strategy.
This year, the company accelerated the development of new and emerging channels, growing faster online operations, and responded to consumer trends to produce fresh, slurry, and refined products, which provide the impetus for sustained robust development. At the profit end, the cost dividend could run through 2025, with the subsequent product structure continuously upgraded, with a steady cost in the context of fine-tuning operations.
The company, as the leader of the mature beer industry, proposes to merge the company’s brand base and channel capacity to see its performance robust, while the company is expected to continue to raise the dividends of Qingdao Beer (60000.sh) – increasing the innovation of its product, marketing model, positive
The ratio also provides a better security margin for investors. Given the rate of recovery of demand in the drinking and water market, Aoshima Beer (600600.sh) - third quarter sales drops on the same scale, profits on the same scale, Aoshima Beer (600.sh) - second quarter drops on the same scale, costs on the same scale.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Actively ready for sale, improved sales in the second half of the year
Slowing down; the penetration of the company’s core products by channels that are blocked by competition; and the cost of raw materials and supplements that have risen significantly. Thousands of litres of alcohol earned the same amount as -0.5%. Despite modest price performance, the upward trend in product structure has continued, q3 Qingjia’s main brand/other brand sales have increased by +4.2%/- 4.8%, and the share of major brand sales has increased further to 59.1%.
And the sales of high-middle-grade products and above are equal to +6.8%, which is significantly higher than the overall sales increase, with sales rising to 43.6% due to the optimal product structure, and a small drop in the income of 1,000 litres of wine is expected to be associated with an increase in the discounts. Cost dividends are released gradually, and costs are well regulated.
Structural optimization, q3 Māori 43.6%, compared to +1.4 pp. Cost-side, sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates are the same as -0.4/+0.1/+0.1/+0.4 pp, respectively, and overall cost rates are stable, with sales rates being reduced by the same margin, reflecting good market cost controls, and a slight increase in financial costs is expected to be a decrease in interest income.
The same rate has risen, and the same net interest rate has increased slightly, by +0.3 pp. Profit forecasting and investment: once the company's new management has taken office, the balance between market share and high end is more important, and while consolidating the high-end advantage, it is hoped that sales and shares will be restored through a proactive market strategy.
Rapid development of new and emerging channels, faster up-to-date operations and products such as fresh, slurry, and refined brews, in line with consumption trends, provide the impetus for sustained robust development. At the profit end, the cost dividend can run through 2025, followed by a continuous upgrading of product structures and a steady decline in cost rates in the context of refined operations, with a projected low profit rate.
The company, as the leader of the mature beer industry, suggests that its performance be considered robust in combination with its brand base and channel capacity, while the company is expected to continue to raise its share of dividends and to provide investors with a better competitive edge in the ASQ market, full product coverage and brand power in the lead industry, the current system.
Sexual innovation helps companies to manage market changes, and corporate red rates rise to enhance shareholder returns, maintaining “better macroeconomic growth than the larger one,” which is negatively affected by the external environment; a significant slowdown in the growth of medium- and high-end beer demand; resistance to penetration of company core products; and a significant increase in the cost of raw materials and supplements.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject