q3 plate demand slightly pressured, and sales spreads maintained upward trend \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
0.2%, of which sales are equal to +0.3% to 2.16 million litres, and the income from 1,000 litres of alcohol is slightly reduced by 0.5% on the same basis. In the third quarter, we think that the overall demand for q3 beers is weak under external influence, and the forecast has some impact on the volume of sales and the volume of the sales.
The corporate product structure continued its upward trend, with sales of 25q3 Qingjia beer brands +4.2 per cent to 1.28 million litres, of which sales of products above mid-end ranged from +6.8 per cent to 940,000 litres; sales of other brands ranged from 89,000.
The cost dividend release plus the cost is well regulated, the gross sales spread continues to rise, and the profitability of the drive is steadily increasing.
The cost of 25q3 ton remains on a downward trend of 3.0 per cent year-on-year, driven mainly by lower prices of raw materials, and driven by the income tax rate of 25q3 to year-on-year and +2.6 pc, combined with the net interest rate of the company on non-mortality and +0.4 pc. 0.2 pc) and the financial cost rate of year-on-year and +0.4 pc, mainly due to reduced interest income and net non-mortality interest rate of the company
q4 operating steady, with an increase in the red rate, 25 years upward - \triangleright 2025/04/01
The 2024 channel structure was an important factor in the differentiation of beer tap income performance, and the company's volume price was fed 3. Qingdao beer (600600.sh) was reported three quarters of 2024.
Year after year, the company was light-loaded, the new management was motivated, marketing was aligned and the mechanisms were more flexible and efficient. Assessment: short-term income pressure, profit resilience, 2024/08/, and we took good note of the company ' s progressive share repair, improved ton prices; and the recovery in capacity utilization fixed the profits.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.