Event: Qingdao's 3rd Quarterly Report 2025, yielding $29,367 million in the first three quarters, Qingdao Beer (600600.sh)
A steady recovery in sales and a steady return of thousands of litres of alcohol. 2025q3 yields $8.876 billion, thousands of litres, with sales of sub-brands equal to 4.84 per cent to 89,000 litres. In terms of prices, sales of higher sales in companies ranged from +6.8 per cent to 940,000 litres, or +2.64 pct to 43.62 per cent;
\triangleright Cost-end dividend continues to be realized, with business cost savings of $137 million for the same year, alcohol cost of the same year - 2.97 per cent for the same year, driving the Māori ratio to +1.44 pct to 43.56 per cent for the same year; on the other hand, sales costs are the same.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that the pattern of the beer industry is clear and stable over the long term, cost risk factors: increased competition for medium- and high-end beer, higher prices of raw materials, etc.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd A127 West Avenue, Beijing City West Side.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.