The product structure continues to be optimized and profitability continues to increase - three-quarters performance rating in 2025: company announcements, 29.37 billion yuan in revenue in the first three quarters of 2025, i.e. + 1.4 per cent;
Qingdao Beers (stock code: 600600) 25q3 products continue to be optimized, with higher-middle-end sales increasing. Company 25q3 returns - 0.2 per cent, split prices - 25q3 sales equal - +0.3 per cent, adverse weather effects, terminals in three quarters
Liu Xinjiang has seen a continuation of the trend towards high-endization of 25q3, with the main brand Qingjia beer/middle-high-end products selling +4.3 per cent/+6.8 per cent respectively and the corresponding ratio + 2.3/+2.6 pcts to 59.1 per cent/43.6 per cent by channel.
In addition, the company takes full advantage of its own strengths and actively exploits markets, both at home and abroad. The forward cost dividends add up to the efficiency gains, and the profitability of the profits continues to increase.
The break is mainly due to product structural optimization and raw material cost dividends, although prices such as 25q3 glass are marginal and up, with a low level of pre-positioning or locking in a certain margin of profit. The sales cost is 13.7%, compared to the beer-high-end product diversification and long-term corporate development prospects.
Growth logic: 1) beer competition patterns are strong and the main liquor industry values profit margins, we believe that the process of high-end beer will remain industry-based, and corporate profitability is expected to continue the upward trend; 2) companies are active in setting up innovative products that are expected to grow through personalization, health, high-end and innovation-oriented products
The user base, opening up new demand, and there is plenty of room for future growth. Eternally low, higher interest rates are added, and a “recommended” rating is maintained.
2. [Galaxy Eating] The company evaluates the improvement in profits, and I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Xinxin, who joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering food and beverage plates, and was good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical retraces compared to overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.