A comprehensive leader in the dynamic transformation of innovative drug companies, China East Medicine (000963.sz) recommended coverage for the first time.
Half-yearly, Li Ping-hoon, a growth of 8.76 per cent over the same year, achieved a net profit of $1,293 million for shareholders in listed companies.
The production of this report was informed by good corporate cost controls, with a larger increase of only $594 million in management costs, or 43.63 per cent more than in the same period, largely due to the increase in research and development inputs in the current period.
(i) Income growth has slowed temporarily, structural adjustment has improved profitability and corporate income has slowed temporarily owing to the business sector.
71.15%. The company is the largest pharmaceutical business company in Zhejiang province, and distribution operations are heavily influenced by Zhejiang medicine reform policies. Corporate income growth continued to slow in the first half of the year because of the loss of transfer operations in commercial distribution as a result of the double vote system and the influence of health insurance measures on price pressure.
The six-month annual income growth rate of 8.76%, of which more than 70% of the share of revenue in the business sector, was only 3.87%, seriously delaying the growth of company performance. Given the transition from a two-vote system to a business restructuring process that boosted profitability, profits grew faster.
Thus, corporate profits have been growing faster than revenues, reflecting a continuous improvement in corporate profitability. Growing corporate profitability is largely due to the continuous improvement of corporate business structures.
The Māori ratio in the corporate manufacturing sector is more than 80% a year, and in the first half of the year the Māori rate in the corporate manufacturing sector was 86.88%, well above the Māori rate of 7.50% in the business sector. The increase in the manufacturing sector has led to an increase in Māori rates and net interest rates, which has improved.
Profitability, which ensures faster growth in profits when corporate income slows. (ii) Product clusters are rich and research and development capabilities are prominent
All of this comes from China, China and the Middle East, which have formed a stable product ladder in four major product areas: chronic renal diseases, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems, etc., and currently sells seven large products of more than a billion yuan in size, including two 2 billion pounds of heavy-volume products, a 100-voltage capsule (a fermented winter herb powder) and Capopin.
Among them, 100% of the capsules are new medicines such as Chinese medicine, protected varieties of Chinese medicine; Capopin is the market leader in the production of oral sugar pills, who has received the second prize for scientific and technological progress in the country; cyclosoxone is the first in the country and the second in the world produces the third generation of highly effective immunosuppressants, receiving the second prize for scientific and technological progress in the country; and Lin Lisu has won the second prize in the field of digestive tracts.
Corporate research and development capabilities are prominent, and there is a wealth of products in stock. Companies have fully implemented their overall strategy of “transforming new pharmaceutical industries led by research and development and technological innovation” and have been investing more and more in research and development in recent years, with companies using them in the first half of the year.
Total R & D expenditure was $264.05 million, an increase of 60.57% over the same period last year. In addition to continuing the advantages of the four existing product areas, the company will also be active in developing and upgrading competitive advantages in the fields of anti-cancer, hypervitrobiotics, and cardiovasculars through enhanced research and development of new products.
There is a wealth of species in the field, of which the more advanced polymelican capsules, the Sigletine 2-carat diadium are reported for production, the Capofin Net and Anaconda Plan is declared for production in the fourth quarter of 2018, to be declared for production by the end of 2018. The company currently has multidisciplinary and multi-packed research projects and is expected to continue to be profitable in the future.
Figure 5: Revenue from China’s core subsidiaries in industry (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Ratio of R & D costs to R & D by companies in recent years (millions of yuan) and R & D to industrial income
(iii) To build a leader in Zhejiang province, where business still has a development space, where business is rooted in Zhejiang province, where there is still room to raise market shares. The company’s pharmaceutical business is leading in Zhejiang province, where regional subsidiaries or offices have been established in all municipalities, distribution networks and supply chain services cover Zhejiang province.
The types of operations have been able to produce products (pharmaceuticals, medicinal materials, appliances) and customers (medical institutions, retail terminals, distributors), and a provincial logistics distribution system, supported by the two modern logistics centres in Zhebei and Zhenan Wenzhou, with regional affiliates such as Lake State, Shaochen, Ningbo and Leisu, with a total warehouse area of 118,000 square metres, has been established.
The company’s share of medicine business in Zhejiang province is currently around 15%, and there is still room for improvement. Figure 5: The size of the market for medicine in Zhejiang province (billion yuan) and the ratio of medicine in Huadong
Zhejiang Province is expected to improve the profitability of the business model, which is planned to be upgraded. The company will actively use innovative business models to make full use of them.
Existing channels, size, and brand advantages, moving from traditional commerce to modern services, extending a variety of specialized services to production and marketing terminals, building core and niche industries such as Western medicine, Chinese medicine, appliances, and healthy beauty, and working to be new business enterprises that offer “medicated solutions.” The company's upstream extension of products is expected to bring new growth to business.
For example, the company is now planning to take up the medical beauty business with $1.49 billion, and if it succeeds in strengthening the company’s lead in the marketing of medical and aesthetic products, we look to the growth prospects of the company’s innovative pharmaceutical industry and business warming expectations. First, we look strongly at the structural transformation brought about by the company’s overall strategy of “transformation of new pharmaceutical industries led by research and development and technological innovation.”
The company’s share in the pharmaceutical industry has continued to grow, and high Maori leads to a significant increase in overall profitability, which can be assured even if income slows up. Second, we value the company’s R & D capability. The company’s current stock of products is abundant, with existing products forming a stable product ladder in four major product areas: chronic renal diseases, transplants, endocrines, digestive systems, etc.
Research and development projects are intensive, and there is a large stock of varieties in the fields of diabetes, anti-cancer and super-antibiotics. Finally, we look at the corporate business boom and, once the negative effects of the two-vote system are eliminated, the company will continue to integrate the market with its commercial excellence in Zhejiang province. We see that the company’s future performance will continue to grow at a high rate, with a net profit forecast for the period 2018-2020.
The risks associated with the development of new medicines, the lack of integration of Zhejiang ' s market, the impact of industrial policies and the risk of price reduction for products.