Accompanied holdings (002352.sz) A steady recovery in business growth, a small drop in single-ticket prices, boosted by the “618” power vendor shopping festival, combined with a “preferential power provider”, collection and operations
Cumulatively, 2,027 million transactions were completed each month, an increase of 9.15 per cent over the same period. Since May, a number of relatively low-cost products, such as preferential power vendors, have been introduced to enrich the traditional economy’s portfolio, expanding the range of consumers, and increasing corporate operations, driven by the “618” season.
Single-ticket revenue drops: straight June bill revenue of $23.21, a decline of 1.28 per cent: 1 June ticket roll-out of single-priced electricity items at $8-10 to meet the needs of the electricity provider, affected by June billings, and a combination of products.
Advance supply chain markets: building on the development experience of international logistics giants such as ups, Fedex, building on the existing express delivery network, giving priority to fast, cold chain, instantaneous, international logistics operations, and achieving its express delivery-logistics-supply chain layout.
The company’s supply chain service is based on logistics, with institutional investors as a share of the flowa, and the entire logistics chain of the factory-merchant-door-consumer, extending operations to provide a warehouse for customers.
As of June, cumulative revenues amounted to $1.683 billion. In the short term, the company has a medium- and long-term competitive advantage in setting up the business.
Prospective profit: The roll-out of the new business will lead to a return of business volume and a future post-war payment at the Australasia airport will be justified as follows: This report is prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. investment and investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may have used or recommended any action on the use of the Report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may not have taken any action on the use of the Report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A certificate of interest (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be used as a proof of the description in the report; @ to hold an opinion or stand, or to buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A certificate of gain (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate in the report on their behalf or on behalf of another person; @. This report is not used as a means of selling or encouraging customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.