The result is an upscaling of performance, a significant increase in profit and an upscaling of performance.
During the first half of 2019, the company realized business income of $5075 million, an increase of 17.68 per cent over the same period. Realising net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3.001 billion, an increase of 40.35 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2,330 million unless the profits and losses were regularized.
• In the first half of 2019, companies completed 2,017 million couriers, an increase of 8.54 per cent compared to the previous year, and new products, such as preferential franchises, met the needs of customers for diversification and led to income and market ownership of the economy’s products
The company combines multiple types of transport resource models, such as self-employment, outsourcing, and car and cargo matching platforms, to achieve optimal input strategies for transport resources and continuously reduce their transport costs. Thanks to science and technology applications, effective cost-control measures, efficiency gains were further released in the first half of 2019.
In the first half of 2019, the company ' s share of income from new operations reached 23.66 per cent, and the new business became an important driver of growth in the Department ' s operations.
Consistency Holdings: Upgraded unit prices, achieved milestones, built the depth and breadth of industry-led network coverage, operational capacity, high income growth, high barriers to business expansion, and new growth poles.
Innovative technologies, quality of services and customer experience are among the top in the industry in their respective markets. The company first completes its cold-chain operations in China, China, Hong Kong, China, and Macao, China, and Germany.
In China, China, Hong Kong, China, and Macao, China, the Postal House Group has acquired supply chain services, building logistics integrated service providers. 2019-04-01.
Over the years, the logistics industry has become one of the core players in the future.
Development, based on the provision of high-quality distribution-end logistics services, firms will gradually expand to the production, supply, distribution, distribution, etc. at the front end of the value chain, and companies will acquire rapid access to industry solutions in the supply chain area by further mergers and acquisitions over the last two years. In the future, companies will further access the full range of resources and business capabilities across the network.
The high-quality attributes of the company's assets, which give the company a generous moat, show steady and sustained growth in business, have a good profitability, have a reasonable value of $45 and a corresponding 30-fold market gain, and maintain a firm's “buy-in” investment rating.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.