Center for Resource and Environmental Studies Consumer value chain from channel to brand, corporate transformation of integrated logistics services hub has arrived
19H1, the company collected $5075 million/+17.68 per cent; the parent net profit was $3.1 billion/+40.35 per cent; and the non-mother net profit was 2.33 billion/+11.48 per cent. The performance met expectations. The increase in the volume of documentation was significant, leading to an improvement in the yield.
New operations (mainly fast and cold chains) account for higher unit prices and contribute to higher income ratios.2 In the new operations, the fast-moving operations achieved revenues of $5,072 million/+47 per cent, with a high degree of synergy with fast-moving, cold-chain operations and the construction of “last kilometre” of the company's supply chain operations in 19 years.
1. In the search for a smooth growth engine for the next decade,3 traditional operations with an economic gain of RMB 11,460 million/+15.93 per cent, the market for sunk power suppliers was beginning to show results; the business sector was affected by the macroeconomic slowdown, with an increase of 4.02 per cent in revenue and a steady overall performance.
Cost controls have been effective, with a marked recovery in Māori rates and an improvement in cash flows for business activities.
Expenditure and corresponding weights, as is known: the ratio of cash-flow projects (car-matching platforms) has increased significantly, the optimal integration of the superpositioned lines has been achieved, and the control of transport costs has been improved.4 Under the two-tier “open source plus current” scheme, the net cash flow resulting from operating 19h1 has increased by 103 per cent, a significant improvement.
Consumer value chains are shifting from channels to brands, and firms are now turning to integrated logistics service outlets.1 Brands have the bargaining power to become high-end market opportunities for companies to cut power; brands are becoming more involved in end markets, and agent distribution functions (i.e. warehouse logistics) are becoming weaker, and companies are expected to rely on them.
Services stability and full net access, with easy access to the region’s fast-moving harvests.2 Focusing on the production chain with a core of branding as its representative, it is possible to obtain first-hand customer demand data and, by analysing continuous improvements in production and service enterprises, will be at the core of the value chain.
3 We recommend that investors focus on the evolution of business-level observations in order to: (now) Quick Transport (2-3 years) (over 3 years) supply chain plus business. xu_jun@gjzq.com.cn
Sun Chun Xu, we've judged that the company's follow-up control effects continue to show, that the economy's new product size effects are growing, that the fast-tracking method (stop) evaluates the company's different operations at a reasonable market value of $203 billion.
Risks of cultural integration after M & A; lower than expected airport construction; lower than expected end-c and end-b operations integration.