Accomplishing holdings (002352.sz) Business continues to grow strongly, with the second half of the year running through the season event: the company's recent disclosure of its August Business Brief. The data show a smooth delivery service in August.
The combined revenue from supply chain operations again reached $9.78 billion, an increase of 28.49 per cent over the same period, of which $8.683 billion was received from courier operations, an increase of 23.06 per cent over the same period. Supply chain operations have grown steadily since they were shown separately in March, reaching $495 million in August, an increase of 7.84 per cent from the ring.
Quick-delivery volume of 401 million items, an increase of 32.78 per cent in the same year, and single-ticket income of $21.65, a decrease of 7.32 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of preferential proprietary products.
The company has been actively adjusting its business strategy, and the growth in business has begun to go up the ladder, reaching 32.78 per cent in the month of August, and for the first time exceeding the industry average (29.3 per cent). The higher rate of growth in the economy, the preferentially assigned product, has contributed significantly to the growth in business volume.
Large consumers of electricity fill the price gap, improve the structure of economic products, and compete closely with the market. According to monthly data, the company’s business has grown from 6.4% in April to 32.78% in August.
With the onset of the boom season, the volume of corporate business is expected to continue to grow, and new business developments have led to a shift from enabling companies to integrated logistics suppliers: from semi-annual reporting in 2019, it appears that the share of corporate income from new business has increased from 16.3 per cent to 23.7 per cent over the same period last year.
During the development of the mix, the harvests remain high. Cold transport/fast transport/combined cities recorded rapid growth of 54%, 47%, and 129% respectively.
In many areas, such as agricultural products, food, medicine, etc., the efficiency of product processing has been greatly reduced by building fruit and vegetable pre-treatment centres, cold storage, optimization of transport routes, and package research and development. In the first half of the year, the fast-moving operation received $5,072 million to locate the upper- and middle-end markets.
The share of institutional investors in circulation a has accumulated customers such as Hua, Mae, Hye Xin, and continues to dig deep into the industry’s leading customers.
In the first half of the same month, the company’s brand image has enabled business volume and income to continue to grow at a high rate, with customized products for small and medium-sized businesses and brand clients.
The main clients are the top clients of McDonald’s, Kentucky, Rainsingo, Pocket, Cottage, Yonghui, etc. Supply chain operations include a monthly collection of 2,637 million yuan, which is expected to reach $5 billion throughout the year.
Great synergy, integration and sharing of resources such as warehousing, transport, etc., has increased overall operational efficiency, and the performance of new operations has remained high in the second half of the year. Through streamlining of personnel, precision investment of resources, optimization of circuits, there has been a marked increase in the loading rate of the main line.
70 per cent of transport efficiency has improved significantly; on the other hand, through the Car and Cargo Matching Platform, capacity has been achieved online, procurement, bidding, price links have become more transparent and transport costs have been optimized effectively. In addition, the deployment of new products has increased the efficiency of the use of stock resources and capacity, further consolidating and improving public capacity
Profit predictions: With new products such as “specially provided” openings, coupled with a new booming boom in competitive cold transport operations and new operations such as fast and co-mixing, and the continued abundance of product structures. In addition, the increase in loading rates, the decline in transport costs, technological empowerment, large clients, etc.
The strategy will help companies improve overall operational efficiency and quality of service, with the onset of the season, making the second half of the year profitable. We have revised the profit forecast and expect the company to be paid separately for the period 2019-2021 (expected return; er), as follows: