Taxes drive up net profits, short-term fluctuations do not change the long-term logic Income maintains a steady double-digit growth and taxes drive up net profits. 21q1 corporate operating income grew by 11.74 per cent, with a 10.67 per cent increase in the income of Mautai and 21.85 per cent increase in the income of the series of wines maintained
20q4. Business cash flows have slowed down for the first time in recent years. 21q1 sales returns have only increased.
\triangleright 2% is below growth in operating income.
Net cash flows amounted to $1-1485 million, the first negative value in recent years, mainly as a result of net increases in deposits with central banks and counterparts and increases in taxes and charges paid. Corporate distributors have largely been adjusted and the share of direct sales has continued to rise.
The company continues to increase its investment in direct distribution channels on a non-increasing basis, with direct sales revenue rising by 146.5% on a year-on-year basis, further increasing to 17.54%. Due to the increase in the cost of raw materials and labour in recent years, the company has increased its investment in direct sales.
As a result of the company’s higher direct sales ratio and improved access controls, the entire container price of the pots was maintained at around $3,200, and remained relatively stable. The cost rate fell during the period, with net interest rates taxed and surcharged.
The utilization rate of 2.08 per cent was 0.63 pct less in the same year, mainly because the brand power of the company had an absolute advantage in the industry, without the need to increase the advertising cost input too much; the management cost rate was 6.53 per cent, a slight increase of 0.14 pct, plus a decrease of 0.48 pc more in the same year and a decrease of 0.97 pct in the overall period.
Net interest rate decreased by 2.4 pcc due to an increase of 4 pct in current tax and surcharges.
This is reflected in a quarter. We believe that the supply and demand of the gin in the current market are still tight, with long-term prices in Guizhou (600519). Recalculation 2020. The logic remains unchanged, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Figure 1: 21q1 net profit growth for mothers shows a decline in the trend of alcohol sales in the series.
Figure 3: Māori flat rate and net interest rate decrease compared to the same period last year
Figure 8: Continuous increase in the share of direct sales outlets Figure 9: Adjustment of traditional distributors largely ended
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.