The expansion of prices requires a comprehensive examination, and direct distribution channels are accelerating progress on the review of the incident at the Kuo Dai, Guizhou (600519), 20 May 2021.
Events: On 19 May, a performance briefing for 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 was held in Maotai, Guizhou, to answer investors about the future of the Department’s productive capacity, the increase in the prices of its products, etc. The expansion of the capacity is based on a sound market outlook.
At this performance session, the director of the company said that the expansion of the capacity should be combined with a combination of factors such as the pool of technologists, land resources, and ecological carrying capacity. At present, the company makes wine.
The new workshop will be fully operational by October 17, 2021, and upon completion of the project, the annual capacity of the Mau-ji will reach 56,000 tons. In addition, the company ' s series of alcohol modification works and support facilities are planned to be fully completed this year, with an expected increase of 30,000 tons of capacity and a new cycle of production.
The company does not have a firm price increase plan. The factory price will be raised in 2018.
Since spring 2020, the bulk price has risen from $2040 to $2710, and the price of the bulk has increased faster. With the difference between the price of the price and the price of the offer growing steadily, investors say whether the company will increase the price of the flat.
In the performance statement, the director of the company said that the price increases should not only take into account economic benefits, but also reflect the role of the state-owned enterprise, that the increases involved many factors, that they needed to be fully heeded, that the direct distribution channels were fast-tracked and that the tonnage was expected to rise. Since 2018, the company has offered to do more.
(b) The company has built up a self-employed shop in Chongqing in the year and will continue to increase its network in the future in line with market demand.
As the share of direct sales channels increases, there will be a certain increase in the price of the product to a certain extent. Investment advice: as the impact of the epidemic releases, the overall expansion of the high-end white industry will remain unchanged.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.