Guozhou Mao Dai (600519.sz) Taxes affect 10 profits and focus on direct marketing channels.
At the end of the income spectrum, expectations were met. 1 q-pot alcohol earned 24,590 million, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period, and wine series increased faster under the low base, generating 2.640 billion in the reporting period, a 22 per cent increase over the same period.
At the same level, direct distribution channels continued the trend of last year ' s release, with revenue of $4.78 billion, an increase of 146.5 per cent over the same period, and profit margins were slightly lower than expected, mainly due to an increase of $1.380 billion (youy+56.4 per cent) in taxes and surcharges compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the disruption of the production pace caused by the epidemic, which resulted in a relative tax ratio over the same period last year.
Low, the increase in sales of 2101 resulted in a corresponding increase in consumption taxes and surcharges, a recovery in the ratio of taxes to nearly a decade and a decrease in the cost of sales.148 billion dollars in net cash outflows from corporate operations during the reporting period, mainly due to increased expenditure on raw materials in the report
Plus, and with an increase in the deposit of non-premature fixed-term deposits by subsidiaries, the contract liability at the end of 1q + other current liabilities balance of $6.012 billion, down 22 per cent from the same period, should remain concentrated in direct distribution channels, with a limited increase in traditional channels due to the entry of 2q
During the rest of the year, direct distribution through indirect price increases and price increases for non-target products continued to be the year's performance.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.