The price of a ton is 13:15, and the word 'stable' is 14:15.
31/03/2021 (Yoy+19.70%). According to previously published production and business announcements, income performance was largely in line with expectations, and profit performance slightly exceeded expectations, and we believe that, on the one hand, there is a continuous flow of corporate channels and product structures.
The performance of the 300 index of relative depth of the shares is highly relevant, on the one hand, or in connection with the termination of the company's four donations announced in October 20 years (totalling $820 million), which also released the company's interest in small and medium-sized shareholders to the market.
In addition, the company intends to find a gold dividend of $192.93 (including taxes) for every 10 shares of the company's shareholders.
This has led to an increase in capacity: in 20 years, we achieved $84.8 billion (youy + 12 per cent) in the income from the kup, mainly due to an increase in the price of tons 12.73 per cent. We believe that the main reasons are as follows: (a) higher sales of non-valued products at higher factory prices; and (b) higher self-employment, which, overall, has reached $13.240 billion in 20 years.
_aa_Kotai (600519) incident evaluation report (oy+4.7 per cent), with a ton price increase of 6 pcts being the driver, with sales falling by about 1 pct on a par, mainly due to the relatively high impact of the epidemic on the price of the first series of wines; 2-saint liquor channels being optimized, reporting period
_aaa_Kotai (600519) Quarterly Review Report: 301 wine distributors have reduced the number of soy sauce series. We're looking at the opportunity for industrial trends to heat it up with a powerful brand endorsement, channel prices are gradually being fined, and prices are expected to rise in the future.
_aaa_The semi-annual review report of Maotai, Guizhou (600519) Increase in Māori rate + decrease in cost rate, contributing to the increase in net parent interest rate: The company ' s Māori rate for 20 years was 91.4 per cent (oy+0.1 pct), with limited increase in the impact of the transfer of logistics costs to operating costs under the new income guidelines
International profitability has increased even more. The downside rate for the period, with sales rates falling from 1.15 pcts to 2.68%, we believe, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, to spending restrictions on transport costs, plus 0.9 pct below the same level. In addition, the administrative/financial cost rate has fallen in the same year.
0.07/0.26 pct, jointly driving net home country interest rates up by 1 pcts to 49% over the same period. Pre-receipt and repayment indicators perform well: the target for pre-receipt (contractual + other current liabilities) was a perfect 13th and fiveth, “stable” before the 14th. Industry was affected by the covid-19 epidemic in 2020.
In 2021, the company set two major goals: 1 gross operating income increased by about 10.5 per cent over the previous year; 2 capital investment was completed.
In the short term, four to five years ago, the production of Mao-Dai has grown year by year, with 4032 tons of Mau-Dai and 4015 tons of alcohol in the medium to long term, which will be released in 21 years, and 30,000 tons of soy sauce and ancillary projects, which are steadily under way, laying the foundation for future sales: at a price.
Without taking into account the impact of Puffy’s direct price increases, the company is still expected to boost overall tonnage prices through non-traditional distribution channels, non-barrel sales, and a series of price increases, while safeguarding income growth and further improving profitability.
The price increases have provided a good basis for a year-long increase in earnings and opening of doors. At present, the price of wine is still high, the container is kept at a high of around $3,200 (the policy of unpacking has implications), the silos are in a price range of around $2,400-2500, and the supply and demand are still tight and the landscape is still high.
It's 49/42/37 times higher. Last year's epidemic hit, the company, as the absolute leader of the magnified track of high-end white wine, was further recognized in the market by its super-branded Deep Protector River, and its management levels and efficiency are increasing, and the valuation hub is expected to be higher than before the outbreak.
The annual valuation has fallen into a reasonable range, and long-term sustainability remains a core asset worth investing, maintaining a “growth” risk factor: downside economic risk, epidemic risk, food safety risk, outright sales less advanced than expected