The logic of direct sales versus rising sales is constantly being realized, and the price hikes have released a few comments on the Guo Dai report, dated 28/04/2021.
The company released its report for the first quarter of 2021, with 21q1 collecting $27,271 million (yoy+11.74 per cent), net return to the mother $13,954 million (yoy+6.57 per cent), deductions from the mother's net gain, a steady increase in the supply of gins, and an adjustment to the series of gins, which is basically in place for the release.
The relative depth of the shares is about 300 million yuan, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period, and it is expected that the bulk of the supply will be self-employed and directly sold, mainly as a result of the spring and spring release of 1 mahogany, which is expected to contribute indirectly to the increase in the price of a ton of alcohol over the portion of the shipment that is less than the upscaling and non-price increases.
Two hundred and forty million dollars, an increase of 21.9 per cent over the same year, are expected to be achieved at a double price, benefiting from the low base under the effects of last year's epidemic and the current trend of sauce and alcohol fever. In addition, we believe that the re-routing of the series is also based, with 2101 adding six distributors, mainly the series distributors, down by eight.
Net interest rate declines are mainly due to higher tax rates and less than fully released price increases, with 02 cases of improved profitability The late delivery of non-target products (e.g., the bioshaw) on the ground and the incomplete release of price increases;2
The increase, such as the 2001 Social Security Tax Credit, has led to lower human costs; the 3 series of alcohols have been collected at a perfect price of 1350 tons, and the 1450 has been “stable.” Taxes and surcharges have increased significantly by about 4 pcts to 14%, mainly due to the 2001 epidemic.
The effect of lower consumer tax rates due to the reduction in the delivery of goods from the liquor factory to the sales subsidiary is the result of the delay in production. Marketing/management costs are 2.1 per cent/6.5 per cent, compared to 0.6/0.1 pcts, respectively.
2 pcts to 49.7 per cent net interest rate of company 21q1 net interest rate of parent is also reduced by 2 pcts, as we believe due to corporate tax rates _aaa_ Guotai quarterly review report (600519)
The decline in the indicators for advance receipts and cash flows is mainly due to the re-pacing of payments and the restructuring of channels: the company operates 2101 million dollars in net cash flow from its activities, which is projected to be about 22 per cent lower than the projected 2 sales revenue due mainly to the Treasury subsidiary ' s time deposits, and the increase in the ratio of self-employment to direct sales due mainly to the restructuring of its channels, end of the statement
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: short-term, single-quarter performance of companies does not affect their long-term performance; under super-brand power, the current demand for mahogany is still very high, the prices are very high, and the logic of direct sales channels rising relative to the upgrading of the product structure is still not in place.
By and large, our confidence in the company’s performance expectations is still strong, and the deep moat is a strong support for firm growth certainty. We maintain the previous profit forecast, and the company is expected to return to its mother’s net profit for 21-23 years.
Now, the company, as a top-of-the-art white-drink leader of the magnification track, is heavily protected by its super-brand power, the city river is further recognized by the market, its management and efficiency are increasing, and its valuation hub is expected to be higher than before the outbreak. The return valuation has fallen into a reasonable area, and it is still worth investing for a long time.
Risk factors: downside risks, epidemic risks, food safety risks, direct sales less advanced than expected