Guotai has performed less than expected, waiting for the arrival of a stag, and Guotai has published 21-year-old 1-quarter report. 1q21 achieved 27.27 billion in revenue, an increase of 11.7 per cent, a net increase.
The direct-camp ratio increased significantly, with 1q21 battalion rising by 11.7 per cent on the same-year basis, and the end demand outperformed the reporting performance. (1) 1q21 hut-barrelled camp collected 24,590 million, or 10.7 per cent, compared to the previous quarter.
The increase in sales is mainly due to Pou growth, rather than to the delivery of the target product, the 21st quarter of the year of Guotai, and the delivery of goods in March, which may well be less than 1 q20. The increase in average prices is due to a direct increase in prices.
Demand at the end of the spectrum remains strong, and the price has not rebounded, with a run-down price of over $2,500, and a series of wines earning $2.64 billion, an increase of 21.9 per cent over the same period. As the distribution system has been restructured, the benefits have been derived from the heat of the sauce, the fasting up of the series, and the structure of the series of wine products has continued to be optimized.
There are 301 fewer wine dealers in the sauce series, and 1q21 have increased again. (3) 1q21 pre-collected channel profits are far above historical averages, and we believe that the fluctuations in advance receipts are largely influenced by the borrowing policy and are not highly correlated with demand. (4) 1q21 turnover increases by 4 pct to 14%.
So the net gain is lower than the income, only 7%, and on that basis we also judge the company’s performance to be unleashing the potential of the performance of the hut, which is expected to be high before and after 21 years, and the growth of the crop that is expected to be higher than the performance seems to confirm that. But we think that there is something to be optimistic about, historically, the low.
The performance guidelines and actual performances are not strictly matched. In addition, the 21-year income target of 10.5%, while not significantly different from the 20-year plan, reflects a directional shift that has depressed prices and reduced public opinion pressure.
The possibility of adjustment, and over time, is becoming more and more likely: the optimal structure of the product, the higher percentage of the direct battalion, and the weak incentive of corporate performance.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing