The year-round performance is expected to increase steadily with the steady increase in direct camp drops, and the year-by-year performance is expected to increase by $27,271 million, compared to the year 2021, when Yutai, Guizhou, reported in the first quarter of 2021.
11.74 per cent long; net profit attributable to parent companies was 13,954 million yuan, an increase of 6.57 per cent over the same period; and average performance per performance was steadily increasing, with a steady increase in the volume of direct-camp lending. Sub-products: 24,592 yuan in the first quarter of 2021 and 2,643 million yuan in the base and series, respectively.
With regard to channels, the company’s channel structure has been further optimized, direct sales and wholesalers, the number of domestic distributors at the end of the reporting period was 2,044, and there was a net reduction of two by the beginning of the year and the end of the reporting period.
There are currently 68 direct distributors, including electricity, supermarkets, state-owned businesses, tobacco chains, etc., with national and regional channels and marketing channels flattening.
In the context of the continued optimization of channels and product structures, corporate profitability increased steadily in the first quarter of 2021.
Corporate operating income and net profit growth attributable to parent companies grew by 11.74 per cent and 6.57 per cent respectively in 2021. Heyuhang@cczq.com was strong, with a fall of 0.88 percentage points to 7.92 per cent in the same period, with a sales cost ratio of the same year.
28 West Side Street, Beijing, 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, mainly due to the mismatch between the consumption tax and the plus raise and the direct sales rhythm, the tax and the surcharge in the first quarter of 2021.
For $3.828 billion, the same-year increase of $1.38 billion would result in a double-digit increase in net profits if tax deductions were to be applied. For cash flows, net cash flows from corporate operations in the first quarter of 2021 amounted to $1,485 million, compared to the same amount.
The decrease of $3.788 billion is mainly due to a net increase in deposits with central banks and colleagues and an increase in taxes and fees paid by each of the six tax-exempt companies in Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda. As the sales of the direct subsidiary gradually fall, it is expected that the net profits will increase and become operational.
With regard to advance payments, the advance payment (contractual liabilities plus other Sichuan free trade test in the city of Sichuan) will be effective in improving net cash flows.
The current debt is $6.012 billion, a decline of $1,697 million from the previous year, mainly due to the expansion of direct corporate investment, with 170,000 tons of new production capacity, including 0.51 million tons of new drinking capacity, and a target of 29 million tons of drinking capacity.
The overall average price is expected to increase steadily, with the expansion and optimal product structure. This year, the Mao station will continue to maintain the company’s “upscaling” rating method, using legally compliant information, and present the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.