Revenues meet expectations, higher consumer tax rates drag profit performance, high demand for products, high performance growth and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
In the first quarter of 2021, companies issued a report on operating income of $27,271 million, i.e. +11.74 per cent of the year, and net profit returns of $13,954 million, i.e. +6.57 per cent of the year. Income met expectations and performed less than expected.
The main increase in the estimated increase in the average price contribution of 24,592 million yuan, compared to +10.7 per cent, is due mainly to the increase in the direct route, which may be partly positive for product structure changes.
In terms of volume, while changes in open-box policies and a steady decline in distributors' channels have led to a decline in the volume of goods delivered by distributors, a combination of electricity suppliers and other channels has resulted in a modest increase in overall sales. The series of liquor has achieved income of 2,643 million yuan, an increase of 21.9 per cent, the impact of the epidemic has been phased out and the product upgrades have accelerated.
Direct sales channels generated revenue of $4.777 billion, compared with +146.5 per cent, or 17.5 per cent, compared with +9.6 per cent, and contract liabilities decreased by $7.98 billion at the end of the quarter, owing mainly to the earlier concentration of channels by the end of 2020, resulting in a decrease in net cash flows and higher expenditure on goods and services.
The increase in spending on goods and services increased by +45% over the same period, and net cash from corporate activities declined by between $3.79 billion and $148.5 billion. • The Māori ratio was equal to the same ratio, with a significant increase in net interest rates.
The impact of the consumption tax has been reduced by a reduction in the volume of high-priced products, as well as low price increases for total distribution products.
The company update report - direct release on schedule.