In the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $28.65 billion, an increase of 10.93 per cent over the same period; and achieved belonging.
Quite well-earned and well-directed. The 2021q1 company's white wine business has risen steadily, and single sales, profitability, and the world's alcohol industry has continued to be in the forefront. Sub-products, Maurda has earned 24,592 million yuan.
+10.66% of the same year; 2,643 million yuan of the same year +21.86% of the same year. For the channel, 4,777 million yuan of the same year +146.46% of the same year was spent on the various platforms: 22,457 million yuan of the wholesale channel, the same period last year.
There are 2,148 distributors at the end of 2021q1, of which 2,044 are in the country, six are new (mainly the sauce series) and the share price performance is reduced (last year)
Eight (primarily mahogany); 104 abroad; 7.92 per cent for the same period, i.e. -0.88 pc, with an increase of 3.96 pct in the cost of sales, taxes and surcharges.
In October and November of last year, respectively, the production of a ton of moist alcohol and a series of 4,015 tons of moose wine were launched, and the actual capacity will be released in 2021. The production of 50.2 million moose wines last year served future development.
A solid foundation has been laid; (2) the company has earmarked a 10.5 per cent increase in total operating income for 2021, and the company made an early price increase for non-touched-up products such as raws, fines, etc., and we believe that as the reform of the channel is further advanced and developed vigorously
Further implementation of the Liquor Series initiative is expected to achieve strategic goals at the beginning of the year, with the Department relying on the industry ' s absolute leadership, optimal product and channel structure, and the ability to increase production over time, keeping prices up in the medium to long term.
40.5 and 35.6 times, given the firm's absolute leadership position and the scarcity of brands, the future direct-camp channels continue to be upgraded to maintain a “recommended” investment rating; risks; direct-market-channel reforms fall short of expectations; food safety issues, etc.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient received it. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for an offer or request for a sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions have not been taken into account.
Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs.