(a) Strong growth in performance and long-term certainty: 97,793 million yuan, or 10.29 per cent more than the previous year; 46,697 million yuan in net return earnings, or 13.33 per cent more than the previous year;
The same-year growth rate of 11.91% and the growth in double digits has been maintained, mainly due to the increase in tonnage (2.472 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 12.7% in the same year) and the increase in tonnage from the increase in direct sales channels of companies. The increase in the revenue of the liquor series was $9,991 million, an increase of 4.70% over the same period, and the slowdown was mainly due to the faster growth in the past few years.
In 2020, the production of the pow-barrel increased by 50.2 million tons, or 0.63 per cent in comparison to the same year; in the series, the production of the wine fell by 0.78 per cent, or 249,000 tons. With the pow-barrel project, production and 30,000 tons of soy sauce became operational.
The Liquor Reform project is continuing, with 4032 tons of new and 4015 tons of new knobs and series designs, which will be released gradually. Billion dollars, an increase of 82.66% over the same period; revenue, an increase of 13.96% over the same period, and 5.74 pct over the same period.
For its part, in 2020, the company made progress in optimizing the marketing network layout, enhancing the overall strength of the distributors, cleaning up and phasing out some of the wine dealers in the sauce series, reducing the number of distributors by 346 during the reporting period, and further deepening the marketing reform.
The company will consolidate the results of the institutional reform of marketing, strengthen channels and controls, continue to strengthen marketing management, and actively focus on inventory stress and high end prices. The company’s 2020 annual report reveals that it will be operating in 2021.
Investment proposal: In the short term, the end market has continued to be in short supply and demand, the spring sugar will continue to press for hot sauce, and the company will be more certain. In the long run, the company will expand its production with future pot and series of wine.
Project advancement, production capacity will be gradually upped, control of cumulative channels will continue to improve, direct distribution channels will be larger than ever, Shen Yingdong I, multiple factors will drive performance to a smoother level
The company focuses on high-end prices with white wine, and the product line is dominated by white wine. The company’s brand value remains the leading leader of the country’s white wine market.
(i) Ton price rises drive business up and channel structure is gradually improving The company achieved gross operating income of $99,793 million in 2020, an increase of 10.29 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net profit of $46,697 million, while the first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, the company sold the gifted consumption scene before the spring festival, resulting in a stock build-up of after-saving stocks
As the epidemic recovers, the market is becoming more scarce and less demanding. Companies continue to benefit from the branding of white wine as well as high branding, with performance rising at double-digit rates in 2020.
In terms of ton prices, the price of a series of wines was 3,359,000 dollars, an increase of 5.9 per cent, which slowed down, mainly because of the faster growth in the last few years, and the company’s ability to increase at a slower pace by gradually controlling sales.
2.49 million tons, a decline of 0.78% from the same year. With the implementation of the Maotai Alcohol Reform Project and 30,000 tons of sauce series and the continuation of the project, 4032 tons of new Mau Wine and 4015 tons of new alcohol design, real capacity will gradually improve the company ' s channel structure and further deepen its marketing system reform. In 2020, direct sales revenue will be 13.24 billion yuan.
For example, in 2020, in order to further improve marketing network layout, upgrade distributors as a whole, companies cleaned up and eliminated some of the wine distributors of the sauce series.
(ii) The Māori rate remains high and profitability is rising steadily.
2.06 pct less. The Māori rate for macho alcohol has remained at almost 94%, while end-use sales have remained in short supply. The decrease in the Māori rate for alcohol series is mainly due to company control of sales (29.7 million tons in 2020, a decrease of 1.13% in the same year). On the net cost side, the cost of sales is 2.60%, a decrease of 1.09 pct in the same year, mainly due to transport costs due to the impact of the new accounting standards.
Take into account operating costs. Remove the impact of accounting standards, with sales costs of 2.9 per cent and 0.8 per cent less compared to the same year, mainly due to lower end-of-service advertising. Management costs are 6.98 per cent, or 0.01 per cent less, which remains essentially the same. R & D costs are 0.05 per cent, which is roughly the same as the same period as the previous year. Financial costs are -0.24 per cent, mainly because of interest on bank deposits in the reporting period.
Prices for sales, management and financial costs (%) in Guizhou, 2016-2020 (%) The cost rate for the period (%) in Guizhou, 2016-2020 (iii) has stabilized and Roe has fallen
(i) Income projections and assumptions, 1 and the Maathai business: the price of the taupe is stable and maintained at a high level at this stage, and the endpoint is in a state of supply and demand over the long term.
Prices have risen steadily, adding to the demand and scarcity of the product itself, and it is expected that the Mauotai wine will benefit from a long-term brand dividend. It is expected that the 14th Five-Year Plan will move forward and that future performance will be more certain.
The company’s annual report, 2020, revealed an increase of about 10.5% in business income in 2021 over the previous year. The white wine industry remains brand-led at this stage, with benefits from different price bands and different brands of brandy.
See, the end-market market has a supply-and-demand pattern, and spring sugar will continue to catalyze the heat of the sauce, and the company has a strong firm of certainty. In the long run, as the company moves forward with its future puppies and series expansion projects, production capacity will rise gradually, with a steady improvement in the control of the stacked channels, direct distribution will continue to grow, and the performance of the puppies is expected to continue to rise steadily.
Risks from fluctuations in prices of raw materials; food safety issues; and sales of products below expectations.The company has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM.
Activities related to information, analysis, prediction or recommendation, and direct or indirect charging of services.As a result of the data used, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be unique.