Refrigerant viewing cycles will come up, with fluorine peaks, investment ratings: buy-in (first time) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company is a domestic refrigerant leader, production and production leader. The company is the only one with a one-to-four-generation series of fluorinated refrigerants, with a current total capacity of 5991 million tons, at the highest/minimum level in nearly 12 months.
The second generation of refrigerants is at the forefront of the industry, with a mid-generation capacity of 170,000 tons, and is in second place in domestic production. The company has now been in operation for two years, producing 453,000 tons of HFC refrigerants and selling 281,000 tons, of which hfcs are available for export.
The company has a complete fluorinated industrial chain, starting with the upstream hydrofluoric acid (HFA), which is based on fluorinated refrigerants, relying on the advantages of fluorinated refrigerant products and the accumulation of technology to expand the high-value-added product matrix to fluorinated polymer plates. At the same time, the company establishes the fluorinated product matrix.
Industrial core industry, HFC-CFC strategy, complete transition of base chlor-alkali to fluorinated industry support materials, provide front-end raw materials for the fluorinated industry, and form an industry pattern of base material scale, intermediate product series, downstream product fine-tuning and functionality.
Chains that can effectively reduce corporate costs and maximize gains. 3-generation refrigerant quotas are about to be frozen, and future supply and demand gaps will continue to widen. 3-generation refrigerant prices are at the bottom of the spectrum.
Increment. Analysis of future refrigerant supply and demand from the point of view of three generation refrigerant quota landing, Bureau, we believe that refrigerant supply and demand patterns will begin to be repaired after the quota has landed, and three generation refrigerant prices will rise. At the demand end, the demand for downstream air conditioners and refrigerator refrigerants is high.
At the supply end, the Montreal Protocol limits the supply of future second- and third-generation refrigerants, four generations of refrigerants cannot be replaced by three generations of refrigerants for high costs and short-term patent constraints, the supply of refrigerants continues to shrink, and the supply and demand gap of the quotas will become apparent.
In addition, during the three-generation refrigerant quota baseline years, refrigerant producers “negative profits” took over the market, with clear price recovery expectations following the end of the quota dispute. Supply and demand structure repair and re-heating expectations, and future refrigerant industry climates will be on the move.
Energetic shares are one of the major refrigerant producers of three generations, with a three-generation refrigerant product of 130,000 tons, far higher than other firms in the same industry, and with a clear advantage in a three-generation refrigerant quota contest.
• High-value-added fluorinated products, opening up future growth space
In addition, the company plans to invest 23,500 tons of pvdf capacity through a technology expansion project, which is expected to be ready for trial production by the end of 2022.
Pvdf has a wide range of applications, and the use of lithium-grade adhesives with a more demand-driven pvdf, continues to contribute to the company ' s growing performance as additional capacity is added. 2 ptfe: there is a structural overcapacity of domestic ptfe and a high-end ptfe depends on imports.
In addition, there is a clear cost advantage in the company's production of pvdf and ptfe raw materials. In the fluorine sector, mega-stocks are based on more than 10 years of accumulation of cooling fluid research and development technology, and through autonomous research and development, a series of electricity is developed.
Subfluoride products, including hydrofluorided and perfluoropolyether jht products, fill the gap in the country’s high-performance data centre dedicated to cooling fluids. The company holding company Zhejiang, Soykisusu, Ltd., plans to invest $510 million in the construction of 5,000t/a impregnated cold.
The current phase of 1,000 tonnes/year is almost complete. With the future release of the company's capacity in the field of new fluorine-containing materials and the build-up of high downstream demand, it is hoped that the company will develop over the long term.
Cost advantages. At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, and the high-value added company Māori (1) does not have an ideal three-generation refrigerant quota allocation; (2) downstream demand is less than expected;
(3) New production capacity is not as fast as expected; (4) four generations of refrigerant replacement is faster: (5) macro-policy risks.
1 Megashare: Refrigerant Dragons, layout of the “fluorinated + chlorine alkali industry” chain 1.1 History: The history of mega-development is the perfect history of the industry chain
Zhejiang Giant Limited was established on 16 June 1998 with the approval of the Zhejiang People’s Government, under the exclusive initiative of the Giant Group Corporation, and under the collection modality. The company’s predecessor is the State Chemical Plant, which has been improving the company’s fluorinated products with continuous R & D inputs and acquisitions and mergers since the date of its listing.
A complete industrial chain of liquid chlorine, chloroform, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, fluororefrigerant supported by anhf for supporting feedstocks, organic monomer, fluoropolymer, has now developed into a leading domestic fluorinated, chlor-alkali integrated fluorinated manufacturing base, with core corporate fluorinated industries and other dominant products in scale and technology
Establishment of a fluorinated industry core industry, a fluorinated chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) strategy, and construction of a “fluorinated industry plus chlor-alkali” industry chain. With the establishment of a corporate fluorinated industry core, a fluorinated industry strategy, the company ' s chlor-alkali industry is made up of basic chlor-alkalis and directed towards the fluorinated industry.
Complementing and pvdc-based conversion of new chlor-alkali materials. Optimizing 460,000 tonnes of ion membrane-based burning devices, methyl-alkane chlorination devices, development of special chlor-alkali products such as methane chlorinators, pce, tce, vdc, pvdc, self-characterized chlor-alkali industry, linking the company ' s fluorine and chlor-alkali industries to the company ' s operations.
Synergy, cost reduction, maximization of benefits, and differential competition with other chlor-alkali enterprises. At the same time, companies insist on high-end, specialized, internationalized, technologically leading fluorinated industry development paths, fluorine polymers, green-coloured new low-carbon refrigerants, fluorinated fine chemicals co-development, prioritizing the development of fluorinated materials, and further enrichment of the fluorinated industry.
Industrial patterns, high-end, materialization, specialization, and gradual growth into China’s most competitive and competitive fluorinated industry.
Seven lines of operations have been developed in tandem, and fluorinated industry-related operations provide core competitiveness. The main products are currently in the series of refrigerants, fluorinated feedstocks, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, food packaging materials, petrochemical materials, basic chemicals, etc.
(1) Refrigerant operations: Fluorine refrigerants have “temperature air” consumption and application properties, and the market has continued to grow in space, and their market will continue to grow with improved living standards. The company is the only company with a series of one- to four-generation fluorinated refrigerants, with a current total capacity of 5991 million tons of HFC refrigerants and a stable fluorinated refrigerant global dragon.
Three generations of refrigerant production, 397,400,000 tons, are global champions. Three generations of refrigerant production, the main product, R32, is 130,000 tons and is the first in the entire industry. The company ' s second generation of refrigerants is dominated by the core product, r22 tons and produces 170,000 tons, and is the second highest in the country. The company has now completed two four-generation refrigerants.
Hfos production devices, hfos varieties and sizes are in the lead. For four generations of refrigerants, the company is a domestic company that uses its own technology to industrialize HFC-F4 and owns two main product production units.
Reverse growth and upgrading. In 2021, the company produced 453,000 tons of HFC refrigerant and sold 281,000 tons, of which 214,000 tons were exported by hfcs, ranking first in the industry. In the first half of 2022, the company sold 10,850 tons of refrigerants for three generations, an increase of 6.67 per cent compared to 6.67 per cent, widening the gap with other firms.
(2) Fluorinated feedstocks: The fluorinated feedstocks are the company ' s upstream fluorinated products, including non-hydrofluorocarbon acids and products such as dichloromethane, trichloromethane, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, etc., are the basic chemical feedstock products. By the end of 2021, the company ' s fluorinated feedstocks produced about 950,000 tons, of which the non-hydrofluorocarbon production capacity was about 100,000.
Tons, with an additional 55,000 tons of production expected by the end of 2022, the company's capacity to produce hydrofluoric acid is currently fully available for downstream production (3) Fluorinated polymers: fluoropolymer is one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries in the organic fluorinated industry, at the back end of the industrial chain, with high value added, indispensable and irreplaceable for strategic emerging industries
The company’s fluorine polymers are in the lead domestically. hfp, ptfe, fep, and fkm are industry leaders. For nearly three years, the company’s fluorine polymers have been driven by technological innovation and will continue to grow at a faster pace in the year and will further establish a domestic leader.
(4) Fluorine-based chemical operations: Fluorinated fine chemical products have a high value added, variety, wide range of applications and a large development space. Companies have a certain size advantage in the product segment market, with primary products including sodium tetrafluoropropyl acid, tetrafluoropropanol, hydrophene and heptafluoropropane, in addition to supply and demand factors,
Upstream product prices have a significant impact on their market prices. (5) Food packaging materials business: the company ' s food packaging products consist mainly of vdc, pvdc resin, pvdc film and ma resin.
Mediumly high, competitively good, and pvdc is the best integrated plastic packaging material in terms of barriers currently recognized, with a steady overall increase in demand in downstream consumer markets and growing in other applications, given its weak cyclical characteristics of consumer goods and the overall stability of product market prices.
(6) Fossil materials operations: companies are involved in some petrochemical industry products. Available capacity is 50,000 tonnes/year n.propanol, 110,000 tonnes/year cyclohexone, 60,000 tonnes/year buttoxone, 150,000 tonnes/year hydrazine, with 240,000 tonnes/year ammonium sulfide. 100 000/year n.propanol technology expansion project, 35,000 tonnes/year hydrocarbon refrigerant project, 40,000 tonnes/year
The company focuses on the development of advanced and distinctive petrochemical materials, which is different from traditional petrochemical enterprises, and does a major new petrochemical material business, enhances competitiveness, expands growth opportunities, enriches the overall industrial ecology of the company and optimizes the spatial layout.
(7) Basic chemical products: The company’s basic chemical products are mainly sulphuric acid, chlorsulfonate, and intermediates so2.
As of July 2022, the Giant Group held 54.91% of the company ' s shares through direct and indirect holdings. The Zhejiang State Finance Committee held 90% of the shares of the Giant Group.
The company has 18 holding companies, of which 10 are wholly-owned, operating in the fields of refrigerants, fluorinated industrial raw materials, fluorinated polymers, petrochemical materials, fluorinated fine chemicals.
1.2 Fluorinated Industries: The value added of products increases with the depth of the process, and we are at the upper end of the giant layout, the major producer and producer of global fluorinated products. The formation and development of our system of fluorinated products began in the mid-1950s, after more than 60 years of development, from the first fluorinated salt plant to the aluminium.
Plants have been built and built into more than 1,000 enterprises engaged in fluorinated industries, and complete industrial chains have been set up, with many products producing the highest output in the world. The total capacity of all types of fluorinated products now exceeds 5 million tonnes/year, yielding more than 3 million tonnes and generating more than 60 billion yuan in sales.
The development process of the F-gas industry is based on the fluorine chain, which is rich in medium-sized products, of high value, and of a wide range of end-use applications.
The upstream products of the industrial chain are mainly fluorine and hydrofluoric acid, which are the starting point of the fluorinated industrial chain and have an irreplaceable place in the fluorinated industry. Fluorinated middle-class products are inorganic fluorinated and organic fluorinated, inorganic fluorinated, non-hydrocarbons containing fluorinated elements in the fluorinated industrial product, mainly sodium chloride, magnesium chloride and hexafluoride.
Products such as lithium acid and aluminium fluorine: Organic fluorinated compounds are hydrocarbons in fluorinated industrial products that contain fluorinated elements, mainly fluorinated high molecular materials, fluorinated refrigerants, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc. Natural fluorinated organics are very rare. Most organic fluorinated chemicals therefore require synthetic synthesis. Organic fluorinated workers are the most technical content.
One of the promising chemical industries. In recent years, with the development of the fluorinated industry and downstream demand-driven, downstream applications of fluorinated products have begun to shift to new energy sources, electronics, biopharmaceuticals, and new energy domains, fluorinated industrial products, have become one of the key materials in new energy sectors, such as lithium batteries.
The company is geographically superior, rich in fluorescent resources, and has the natural resource advantage of developing a fluorinated industry. It is a world-class scarce resource similar to that of the rare earth, with a well-developed strategic mineral resource reserve system in several countries around the world, and a continuous increase in its flint resource attributes.
Data show that at the end of 2021, the world’s total stock of fluorinated calcium was 320 million tons, distributed mainly in Mexico, China, South Africa, Mongolia, etc., while the United States, the European Union, Japan, South Korea, and India had almost a small stock of fluorescent resources, which formed a scarce structure. The resources were distributed mainly in Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Fujian, Hunan, Inner Mongolia, etc.
The company’s location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, and location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, location, and location, location, location, location, location, and location, location, location, location, and location, location, and location, and location, location, and location, location, and location, and location of the area, and location, and location, and location,
Figure 8 Global distribution of our fluorescent deposits Figure 7 Global distribution of fluorine resources Value added and profitability of fluorinated industrial products increased with the depth of the processing process, high end of the mega layout and high value added of the product.
The price gap between the various levels of the fluorine industry is wide, ranging from fluorescent processing to fine fluorinated chemicals, with products adding 500 to 5,000 times the value, with a difference of tens or even millions per ton. Organic fluoride is at the top of the fluorine industry chain and is the most valuable fluorinated industry product. Of this, the fluorine industry has the largest market capacity.
It is the traditional refrigerant industry, and products such as fluorinated polymers and fluorinated fine chemicals, although they are still growing, are growing rapidly, driven by their wide range of uses and excellent properties, combined with downstream demand. Larger owners, with the highest value added organic fluorinated products, are global refrigerant taps, second-generation refrigerants.
R22 is the second-largest producer in the country, with the dominant three-generation refrigerants, R32, far above the industry list, and has achieved fourth-generation HFC refrigerant industrialization using home-grown technologies. At the same time, companies are in a relatively leading position in the field of fluorine polymers, with Hfp, ptfe, fep, and fkm producing more than industry.
In addition, companies have a certain size advantage in the market for fluorinated and fine chemicals. Companies continue to expand into high-addition areas, with significant results, and there is much room for growth in the future.
In China, the demand for fluorinated products is expected to reach 3,539,000 tons in 2022. At the same time, rising demand has led to an increase in the production of fluorinated products, which was 3.904 million tons in 2020, higher than the production of fluorinated products.
As our demand for fluorinated products rises, China’s production of fluorinated products is expected to be close to 4 million tons in 2022.
Figure 11 Domestic demand for fluorine products (tonnes) 1.3 Main business: Refrigerant operations build core competitiveness, new fluorinated materials grow F-gases rise to profit growth and companies perform with great elasticity.
Periods, 2017-2018, influenced by supply-side reforms, the fluorinated industry was unable to clear its output and enter the boom cycle, and corporate performance grew significantly and reached a record high. By 2020, it was affected by the epidemic, with three generations of refrigerants added, significant growth in industrial output and three generations of refrigerant quota seized as a result of the Montreal Protocol, leading to company ownership.
Business performance declined by $16.054 billion, or 0.09 per cent, and the return to the mother net profit was $95 million, or 89.39 per cent, respectively. In 2021, the company ' s main business output recovered and the price difference was repaired. The current revenue was $17,986 million, or 12.03 per cent, and the return net profit was $1,109 million, or the same increase.
The company’s performance is strongly influenced by the refrigerant business, as well as by the incremental performance and rapid development of fluorinated polymer materials resulting from the recovery of the r32 price difference. The company’s performance was more affected by the refrigerant business, which was influenced by the fluorine climate in 2017 and 2018, with the company’s gross profit rising significantly, with refrigerants in 2017 and 2018.
The industry is still in a state of loss, lowering the performance contribution of the refrigerant portfolio, and looking forward to the growth of the performance of R32 as three generations of refrigerant quotas land. It is worth noting that the company’s fluorine polymer, at 18.38%, is the top three companies.
In business, we look forward to the growth of the fluorinated polymers business.
Corporate capital structure is healthy, and asset-liability ratios are low. Corporate asset-liability ratios are consistently lower than industry averages and related comparable companies, and the ratio of large equity-asset-liability has continued to rise over the past two years, with companies with an asset-liability rate of 23.82 per cent in 2021, an increase of 5.84 per cent over the same period last year, but still significantly lower than the relative comparable companies as a whole.
In 2021, the company completed research and development for $654 million and continued to strengthen new products such as advanced fluorine new materials, new green fluorine refrigerants and blowing agents, and fluorinated fine chemicals.
New applications for research and development (R & D) include 133 R & D projects for new product explorations, small tests, mid-testing and industrialization and industrialization.
Industry has been specifically targeted by the National Development and Adaptation Commission for green low-carbon technologies; special fluorine rubber products have been sold in small batches: pvdc paints have developed a series of products for bulk sale: pvdc coating dairy products have been produced properly; cold agent mixers have developed a series of products, resulting in two white papers for market promotion; vdc devices are supergravity
Several important outcomes, such as technology applications, innovation in the testing device process in cooling fluids, suspension of the pvdf lithium battery glues Industrialization: a body of practical technologies applied to the efficiency of the lifting of corporate production devices; completion of a group of small- and medium-scale pilot technology development projects2 quota landings will increase the supply and demand gap for refrigerants and three generations of refrigerants
Fluorine refrigerants perform very well, and are the most widely used refrigerants. Refrigerants (also known as refrigerants, snow species) are vectors in various heat machines that complete energy conversions. Refrigerants currently include a variety of types such as ammonia, nitrogen, fluorine, water and hydrocarbons, of which fluorine refrigerants are highly thermally and safely reliable.
Extensive applications in the consumption areas of refrigerators, household air conditioning, car air conditioning, commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, etc., have dominated the refrigerant market, accounting for about 53.1 per cent of the global total of refrigerants, as well as plastic blowing agents, electronic cleaning agents, aerosols, etc.
2.1 The Montreal Protocol promotes the replacement of refrigerants with four generations of refrigerants, with zero-odp and low-gwp being the direction of refrigerant development. Refrigerants that are currently or have been widely used globally include cfcs, hcfcs, hfcs, hfos and hcs.
For alternative refrigerants, the differences between historical refrigerants are mainly reflected in the odp (atmosphere ozone-depletion potential) and gwp (global warming potential). The smaller the odp, the less destructive the ozone layer, the better the refrigerant ' s environmental characteristics: the lower the gwp, the smaller the co2 equivalent of the greenhouse gas, the lower the greenhouse effect.
Substitute refrigerants are no longer destructive to the ozone layer, while the greenhouse effect of four generations of refrigerants is extremely low, but the indicator benchmark is: an odp value of r11 is 1 unit and a gwp of carbon dioxide is 1 unit and an accelerated reduction of second-generation refrigerant quotas. Three generations of refrigerants are about to enter the quota freeze.
According to the agreement, developed countries, which began to freeze the production of second-generation refrigerants in 1996, are now completely phased out, and Article 5 countries have reduced production and consumption of hcfcs by 35%, with full phase-out by 2030.
A reduction of three generations of refrigerants began in 2019, and the production quota has been reduced by 10% at the end of 2.2 demand: incremental and stock markets are growing steadily, demand for refrigerants is dominated by air conditioning. The largest share of the downstream applications in the refrigerant industry is air conditioning.
The percentage is 78%; the second is 16% for refrigerators; and the second is cars, 6%. Of these, household air conditioning and commercial air conditioning account for an absolute proportion of refrigerant demand. Domestic air-conditioning and commercial air-conditioning are usually more powerful, with corresponding demand for refrigerants, while vehicle air-conditioning is far less demand in terms of quantity and refrigerant than domestic air-conditioning.
The main function of the refrigerator is to keep the temperature warm and the cooling power is low, and the refrigerant dose used in the single refrigerator is much less than for domestic air conditioning.
It can also be used as a feedstock for the production of polytetrafluoroethylene, which currently accounts for 50% of the downstream application of r22. r32 is a pre-line, air-conditioning refrigerant, with new air-conditioning produced using three generations of refrigerant r32 or r410a, with R410a mixed with r32 and r125. Refrigeration currently used in refrigerators
Automobile air conditioning has been phased out to R12, using three generations of r134a, and some high-end models have started using a lower gwp-value fourth generation r1234yf. Four generations of refrigerants have significant growth space to replace hfcs because of their low greenhouse gas emissions.
But there are also R & D costs, manufacturing costs, high downstream conversion costs, and uncertainty about extension applications, which can take a longer time-cycle to mature large-scale applications.
Figure 28r 134a is currently the dominant vehicle refrigerant product Chart 27r 125 is mainly used for blending of refrigerant Increment markets: the air conditioner market and the motor vehicle market demand have increased steadily since 2020.
In 2020, the production of air-conditioning was 210 million units, a decline of 8.3 per cent in the same year, and in 2020, the production of 200 million vehicles in the same year, a decline of 6.53 per cent in the same year. As the impact of the epidemic on the physical economy’s consumption and air-conditioning production chain gradually subsided, it became empty in 2021.
Reconciling automobile production began to recover, with an increase of 9.04% and 7.07% respectively. According to the latest data released by the National Statistics Office and the China Automotive Industry Association, air conditioning production rose by 1.10% and vehicle output by 5.98% in the first half of 2022. We believe that the domestic air-conditioning industry is not yet in stock and air-conditioning holdings are still on the rise.
Space, future air conditioners are expected to maintain an increase of over 210 million units per year, while the high profile of new energy vehicles is expected to boost the demand for passenger vehicles and steadily increase the demand for vehicle air conditioners.
Stock market: The demand for refrigerants from air conditioners maintenance has increased steadily. Air conditioners generally have a useful life of 10 to 12 years, and there is a possibility of maintenance using air conditioners for more than six years. As of the end of 2021, our urban residents had 161.70 air conditioners per 100 households, with a compound growth rate of approximately 4.7 per cent in the last five years: rural residents have air conditioners per 100 households.
There were 89 vehicles, with a compound growth rate of approximately 11.1 per cent over the past five years, and by the end of June 2022, our vehicle holdings stood at 310 million vehicles, an increase of 6.16 per cent over the same period.
Chart 32 shows steady growth in our vehicle holdings Chart 31 shows a steady increase in our air-conditioning holdings at the end of 2.3: three generations of refrigerant are about to enter quota management and supply will continue to contract
Three generations of refrigerant quotas are coming to an end, and supply will contract. Three generations of refrigerants are friendly to the ozone layer and are the dominant product in the current global market, but their greenhouse effect is high and will eventually fall into the future. The Montreal Protocol provides for developed countries to use the average of hfcs in 2011-2013 + hcfcs baseline
The 28th Amendment to the Conference of the Parties on HFC Reduction provides that developing countries should freeze the elimination of Hfcs in 2024, on the basis of the average of their 2020 to 2022 Hfcs use. Following the Kigali Amendment, major manufacturers began to compete for Hfc production quotas, resulting in high capacity.
Surplus. By the end of 2021, the domestic production capacity of r32, r125, r134a was 499,000 tons, 369,000 tons, and 388,000 tons, respectively. The impact of the new crown epidemic was only 244,000 tons, 157,000 tons, 151,000 tons and 48 per cent, 47 per cent and 50 per cent respectively, in 2021.
By contrast, during the baseline year of the second-generation refrigerant quota, it was “home-to-house” with high downstream demand, leading to a significant increase in the production of the second-generation refrigerant. At the same time, in competition for the production quota, the producers “negatively profitable” production.
Figure 34 Magnificent r 32, r134a, r125 capacity is at the forefront of the industry
Second-generation refrigerants are being phased out at an accelerated rate. Because of the damage to the ozone layer and the greenhouse effect of second-generation refrigerants, the Montreal Protocol imposed quota restrictions on the production of second-generation refrigerants. Under the Montreal Protocol, as of 1 January 2020, production of second-generation refrigerants in developed countries was limited to those that remained cold.
Maintenance and repair of refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment. Developing countries have reduced their second-generation refrigerant quotas by 35% and are now accelerating their use in the maintenance market. In August 2022, four departments, namely, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization, the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development, the Ministry of Commerce, and the Directorate General of Municipal Supervision, jointly issued the Action Programme for Quality Development in the Domestic Sector, as proposed by the Programme.
The supply of second-generation refrigerants is determined by quotas, which shift to exports and mainstream products. The quota limits for refrigerants are divided into production quotas and use quotas, and the production quota is partly an internal quota, which we will produce.
The difference is recorded as an export quota, which is set by the Ministry of Eco-Environment every year and published. According to public information, from 2013 to 2022, the second generation refrigerant production quota was reduced from 426413 tonnes to 292795 tonnes, with a concomitant shift in the quota to mainstream products, with a production quota of 224807 tonnes in 2022 r22, or 77%.
5 percentage points higher than in 2013, with production quotas shifting to exports and mainstream products.
With the reduction of quotas, production quotas will be transferred between enterprises. According to the latest data from the Ministry of Eco-Environment, the production quotas for the Toyota Group and the Giant Sharer R22 in 2022 were 66228 tons and 58682 tons respectively, respectively.
Production quotas were 29% and 26%, an increase of 12% and 40%, respectively, compared to the 2013 quota rates. The concentration of production quotas in head firms further consolidated the dominant position of head enterprises.
A decline of 11% and 12% from the same year, which is largely in line with the overall level, further illustrates the shift in production quotas to exports. Figure 42: Larger R22 production quotas increased by 40% from 2013 to 2013, Figure 43: Larger R22 quota as a share of production quotas decreased from 2013 to 2013
The price of the three-generation refrigerants will rise gradually, and the company size and cost advantages are clear. In the context of the continuing supply contraction, we project a supply and demand gap of 46,000 tons in 2025 for the refrigerant industry. The demand for refrigerants comes mainly from the new demand for downstream air conditioning, vehicle air conditioning and refrigerator maintenance.
We assume tons of single air conditioners, vehicle air conditioners, and refrigerators. Given that exports will decrease as foreign developed countries reduce their refrigerant quotas, we predict that we will account for domestic quotas as the largest supply of second-generation refrigerants, three generations of refrigerants before the quotas freeze.
Production is replaced by quotas when the freeze period is in place. It is calculated that by 2025, about 616,000 tons of refrigerant market supplies will result in a demand and supply gap of 45,000 tons. Three generations of refrigerant prices are expected to rise. We believe that three generations of refrigerant industry will experience short-term prices.
In the short term, the difference between the price and the cost of r32 is $6458.46 (including other processing manufacturing costs) and the price of r134a (including other processing manufacturing costs) is -4075.35 (including other processing manufacturing costs). There is a “negative profit” in the market for three generations.
Refrigerant quotas. After the quota contest, we believe that the Refrigerator Chamber will cut production in the short term until it calculates that the value assumes full outsourcing of raw materials, without taking into account the advantages of integration.
A step-by-step reduction in the refrigerant sector would result in a supply-in-demand situation, with prices rising further and refrigerant prices rising. We believe that this is supported by the fact that (1) the three-generation refrigerant quota base is relatively low. The new crown epidemic runs through the entire three-generation refrigerant quota baseline year and results in the sale of refrigerant production.
Some influence. (2) Four generations of refrigerant substitution is not obvious. The high cost of the fourth generation of refrigerant raw materials, combined with the limited availability of the fourth generation of refrigerant under patent protection, has resulted in high prices for four generations of refrigerant, with a pre-sale price in the range of RMB 6-10 million/t. And four generations of refrigerant for three generations of refrigerant replacements are currently dominated.
To concentrate on vehicle air conditioning, the market space is smaller. Thus, four generations of refrigerants are less likely to replace three generations of refrigerants, and the three-generation refrigerant market will remain in short supply for the long term.
Figure 46r134a Prices and price differentials ($/tons) Magnification is a three-generation refrigerant tap company with significant cost advantages for the co-processing chlor-alkali chemical industry, which will benefit fully in the future from the performance growth resulting from the three-generation refrigerant price recovery.
The country's top three generations of refrigerant sales account for more than 30% of total market sales, and in the context of the “destroyed” policy, there is a clear future advantage in the allocation of quotas. According to the reduction of the second generation of refrigerants, the production quotas of the third generation of refrigerants are also concentrated in head firms and mainstream products, with the company's dominant three-generation refrigerant product, r32 producing capacity.
130,000 tons, well above other firms in the same industry, and the future quota ratio is expected to continue to rise, consolidating the company’s niche. And the company’s industrial chain is well-structured, and the cost advantages of integration are clear.
In the future, the company will benefit fully from the refrigerant price elasticity.
In the field of fluorinated new materials in 3 layouts, long-term growth of support companies fluoropolymer properties are one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries in the organic fluorine industry. Fluorine polymers refer to helium atoms in high molecule polymers that are connected to the c-c key that are replaced in whole or in part by argon atoms.
A group of polymers, with low arctic rates, the most negative electrons and the smaller van der Waals radius, contains fluorinated concentrates of c-f base groups that often have multiple advantages compared to other conventional polymers, such as excellent heat resistance, chemical corrosion resistance, resistance, resistance, solubility, low flammability, high permeability, low frictionability,
Fluorine polymers are at the back end of the chain of the fluorinated industry, with high value added products, which are indispensable and irreplaceable support material for strategic emerging industries. Fluorine polymers are complex and diverse, with a large range of products predominantly fluorinated resins, fluorine rubbers, and fluorine materials.
There are different types of fluoropolymer applications. But most of the fluoropolymer markets are small, and about 90% of the global fluoropolymer markets are occupied by the ptfe (trofluoroethylene) series, the pvdf (perfluoroethylene difluoroethylene) series, the faep (perfluoroethylene consumable) series, and the fkm (fluorinated rubber) series.
The ptfe series is the most widely used fluorinated polymer, accounting for more than half of all fluorinated polymers. With the rapid development of new energy sources such as lithium electricity and photovoltaics, the demand for lithium-grade pvdf products has grown rapidly, driving the restructuring of the pvdf industrial chain varieties.
Figure 52 fluoropolymer development history 3.1 pvdf: The high-temperature atmosphere of lithium batteries leads to high-end pvdf demand growth pvdf with excellent combined energy and is known as “precious metals” in synthetic resins. Polyfluoroethylene
(pvdf) Fluorinated resins formed by monomer or conglomerates are new types of fluorinated thermal plastic resins. The chemical structure is combined with c-f, and the larger keys determine their chemical stability, their grinding and shock resistance, and their long-lasting and corrosive properties in bad environments.
The crystallized polymers made up of the molecular skeletons, with their accelerators and collective crystallization, determine their thermal properties, mechanical properties, solubility, solubility of solvents, electrostatic properties, etc., which are currently found to be the most powerful voltage.
nch2 = cf2(ch2-cf2)n-pvdf applications are extensive, and pvdf for lithium-grade glue has a strong demand rigidity.
Among them, lithium electric pvdf has grown most rapidly in recent years, and by 2021 it had become the first application area of pvdf, applications in lithium batteries including glue, membrane and membrane coatings, where pvdf yields 50-75 per cent of the total production of pvdf in lithium batteries and is currently pvdf.
The main uses of the lithium cell industry. Lithium ion batteries typically use organic solvents for electrolyte and work under high voltage, and therefore require high levels of glue performance. Pvdf, with excellent chemical stability and corrosion resistance, effectively resists the erosion of the polar organic solvent electrolytic fluids, while also having better bonding properties, is used in lithium.
Batteries are widely used in positive-polar glues, which now account for up to 90% of the total, and even when new ones appear, they require longer-term tests to replace them, and pvdf is currently very demanding. The diaphragms are used to separate the two electrodes and guarantee the free formation of lithium ion by circuits, and are currently isolated due to the complexity of the production process and the high technical barriers.
The membrane is mainly import-dependent and the market is monopolized by foreign firms such as Akoma and Solya; diaphragm coatings are mainly used to meet heat stability and safety requirements by coating ceramics or glues, with fewer pvdfs currently used for diaphragm coatings and more alternative materials available in the area of diaphragm coatings.
Figure 54 Pvdf downstream application area by 2020 Figure 552021 downstream application area by pvdf Figure 56pvdf applications in lithium batteries include glue, diaphragm and diaphragm coatings
The implementation of the “double carbon” strategy, as well as the promotion of new energy vehicles in order to reduce dependence on oil and promote structural upgrading of the automobile industry, have led to rapid growth in the demand for lithium-grade pvdf. In the meantime, as the public-charged infrastructure, such as the domestic grid, has gradually improved, the charging speed has increased, and the price of oil has been maintained.
The price ratio of new energy vehicles is becoming more and more pronounced, with a combination of national policies and market heat, with thousands of vehicles growing by 152.54 percent the same year. And lithium batteries, as a storage power source for electric cars, are accompanied by the rapid development of new energy vehicles and the rise of the energy-storage industry, and the output of lithium ion batteries continues to increase.
From 81gwh in 2017 to 327gwh in 2021, the combined annual rate of growth is as high as 41.75 per cent, and the expected yield of lithium batteries in 2025 can reach 1456gwh.
Figure 58 China Lithium Battery Market Outloads and Forecasts (gwh) With the rapid development of new energy vehicles, consumer electronics, and storage energy, the total capacity of lithium ion batteries has also grown at a very high rate, and we predict that the total global capacity of lithium ion batteries will reach 804, 1173, 2022-2025.
1577, 2018gwh. We're counting 1,800 tonnes of positive material for the production unit gwh lithium, or 2,200 tonnes of positive lithium phosphate, which will reach 2.3970 million tonnes by 2025. At the same time, we assume that pvdf has 1% of positive material mass for the trimeter and 1% of the positive lithium phosphate.
The material quality ratio is 3%, so the level is measured, and in 2022-2025, the demand for lithium glues is longer, and the supply of lithium level pvdf is short-term. On the supply side, the Pvdf currently produces about 815 tonnes/year, of which the lithium level is less productive and more concentrated due to higher technical requirements.
In the hands of overseas producers such as Akoma, Suwe, Wu Quan, Farnorin, Lamp Sunshine, and tonne/year. For domestic firms, the Group has a maximum capacity of 12,000 tonnes/year.
It is proposed to build a capacity of 252,000 tons, with a capacity of about 775,000 tons in 2022 and 2023, of which 10,000 tons of pvdf is scheduled to be officially produced by the end of July; 5,000 tons of new pvdf capacity is added to the joint venture, Hwa Ann, mainly in the lithium level, and is now producing some output.
A step-by-step climb: Pvdf (6,500 tons) was added to the mega-plan in July, mainly in the direction of lithium level. The supply of lithium level pvdf remained tight in the short term.
The new pvdf project is progressing in figure 61. Refrigerant r142b is the primary raw material for pvdf, the additional r142b capacity needs are matched with pvdf, and the advantage of an integrated manufacturer with a raw material package is clear.
The second type of refrigerant, which consumes about 1.65 million tons per ton of r142b, has, since 2021, resulted in rising prices due to an imbalance in the supply and demand structure of pvdf and r142b. Although r142b is not subject to a quota, the additional r142b capacity can only be produced as an integrated package of pvdf.
At the same time, the production policy for the fluorine industry is strictly regulated, and companies that did not have the capacity to produce r142b would be more difficult to build. Giant is a domestic refrigerant pipeline with 20,000 tons of r142b, while company layout pvdf currently has 0.35 million tons of pvdf capacity, of which 1,000 tons is lithium.
At the same level, a further 0.65 million tons of lithium-grade pvdf capacity was largely built in the first half of 2022. The Department will also be investing 23.5 million tons of pvdf capacity and 80,000 tons of r142b co-capacity, and the project is expected to be launched on 31 December 2022, with a further increase in competitiveness.
Chart 62pvdf for raw materials is r142b Chart 63pvdf price and price differential (RM/t) 3.2ptfe: the most widely used "plastic king", new pets for materials in the 5g era
Ptfe has an excellent physico-chemical properties, which are the most widely used fluoropolymer. Polyfluoroethylene (ptfe) is commonly known as the "plastic king" and is a high molecular polymer made of tetrafluoroethylene as monomer polymer. The ptfe structure determines its performance with a variety of advantages: high chemical stability, insoluble to any acid, alkali and presence.
Inorganic solvents; extremely high-temperature and low-temperature properties that can be used in the long term at -180~250°C; good electro-insulation and resistance to aging; high lubricity; anti-radiation, etc.
The materials, which maintain a variety of excellent properties at ptfe, are widely used in the fields of defence, aerospace, petrochemicals, electronics, machinery and medicine.
The 5g HF signal requires a copper sheet performance upgrade, and ptfe is the inevitable choice for 5g communications, with a large incremental space. 5g communication is a new generation of broadband mobile communication technologies with high speed, low time delay and large connectivity. The 5g base station's antenna arrays, filters, etc. are connected with pcb, which is used for high frequency copper panels.
The core requirements of the material are low-media constants and low-median power loss factors. According to the China Copperboard Industry Association, the medium loss factor for the base material is below 2.4, the medium loss constant is below 0.006, and if the above-mentioned standards are not met, the entire 5g network will lose even more, and signal transmission speed will decline significantly.
The signal coverage of 5g will also be reduced to the detriment of a stable network environment. ptfe is the only low-media resin that meets intermediate performance requirements, perfect match to 5g base station and smartphone feeder demand. By June 2022, the country had built and opened 5g base stations, with 1.85.4 million new stations in 2022.
There are about 430,000 base stations, and the Ministry of Information and Communications projects a cumulative construction of more than 2 million base stations in 2022, with a total of 600 million terminal connections for 5g base stations. The determinative increment of 5g base stations supports the vast space of ptfe.
Figure 67 Number of new 5g macro and small base stations and projections (million) Structural overcapacity of ptfe in the country, high-end ptfe dependent on imports, with a certain high-end ptfe production capacity. According to silicon material data, total domestic capacity of ptfe was achieved by the end of 2021
188,000 tonnes/year (excluding foreign companies), an increase of 24.83 per cent, representing 60.84 per cent of global polyfluoroethylene production. There are about 11 intra-industry firms with a large concentration of about 61.7 per cent in cr.3 and higher concentration in the industry.
Our production of ptfe is about 90,000 tons, its capacity is less than 50%, and its supply is grossly overstretched. In terms of average unit prices for imports and exports, our average export value in the last five years has been less than the average import unit price of US$ 2000-4000 per tonne, with high-end products still heavily dependent on imports.
It is the future direction of our industry in ptfe, where, as early as 2013, the mega-production of 600 tons of ultra-high molecular concentration per year was put into production, spearheading a breakthrough in the high-end of the ptfe product series among our domestic counterparts to fill the domestic void.
Figure 72 Imports and exports and unit prices, ptfe
As the digital society accelerates, the data centre has become an essential “arithmetic base” for supporting the digital transformation of the economy and is an important engine for the dynamic development of the digital economy. By the end of 2021, China was using the data centre to build up its total capacity.
By 5.2 million, large and mega data centres accounted for over 80 per cent of the total; the market size, from 2017 to 2020, had a total power consumption of 87 billion degrees nationwide, or 1.16 per cent of the total electricity consumed by society. In 2021, the national data centre had a power consumption of 93.7 billion degrees, with carbon dioxide emissions of about 78.3 million tons. In China, it was committed to achieving that goal.
In 2030, the country’s carbon dioxide emissions are expected to reach 150 million tons, or about 1.5% of the country’s total emissions. Promoting decarbonization in the data centre industry will be important to our country’s achievement of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and targets.
The cooling system has a power consumption ratio of 43%, with impregnated liquid cooling technology becoming the inevitable option. To meet the demand for explosive growth in data levels, the computing capacity of the server and the carrying capacity of the data centre were enhanced by increasing the power density of the single cabinets. In 2020, the average capacity of the global data centre single cabinets was 16.5kw, up from 2008.
As the power of the data centre's single cabinets increases, the use of conventional wind cooling techniques for radiating does not meet the rapid and efficient refrigeration requirements of the data centre.
Liquefied cooling is an effective solution to the problem of evaporation in data centres, guided by modest targets. The method of quenching is mainly divided into three types of cooling, immersed and sprayed fluids. The cost of immersion technologies is moderate, and space utilization and circulation are better than the other two, especially in terms of evaporation efficiency.
The advantage of cooling immersion liquids is significant compared to traditional cooling methods. (1) Energy-efficient reduction reduces energy consumption by 90% to 95% compared to the transmission of a single-wind cooling data centre, and a reduction in the cost of producing a plant can significantly reduce the operating costs of the plant.
(2) Low noise without the need to use fans to minimize noise pollution without fear of interference with high-purification requirements by dust in the air. (3) Save space, using the leachate-cold data centre, the cooling system can reduce its size to one third of the wind cooling system. (4) High heat change capacity can satisfy super-cooling.
The main reason for the failure of the electronic equipment is given in figure 76.
The cooling power of the various radiative technologies in chart 77, the flow shock cooling spray cooling, the radar solid device super-computer high-speed chip.
Semiconductor laser led arrays cooled in two.
Server cabinets, transistors, leachate cold.
A comparison of the liquid cooling methods of the data centre in figure 79 Perfluoropolyethers has the advantage of high electro-insulation and good transmission performance, and is the preferred immersion cooling fluid. Cooling fluids are one of the key technical problems of immersed liquid cooling techniques. Different cooling fluids, because of the heat.
Differences in nature, such as sex, insulation, and the applicable liquid cooling techniques are also different. Research shows that immersion of impregnated phase cooling programmes using electrofluoride is generally better than air cooling, and that combinations of foam metals, sprays, ejection, etc. can easily achieve a high-thromatic dissipation of 100w/cm2. Perfluoropolyethers are one of the types of electrofluoride.
Having very low dumping points, generally below -60°C, or below -125°C, having the following characteristics: (1) high thermal stability (up to 290°C); (2) the highest boiling point in fluorine fluids (up to 270°C); (3) very good intermediate power intensity and volume resistance characteristics: (4) excellent chemical inertity: (5) with metals, plastics and elastics
Good compatibility; (6) no flash point or fire point, no self-fire point; (7) safety. With a boiling point range of 170 - 270°C for high boiling point perfluoropolyethers, a lower evaporation rate can be provided to replace a fluid rate with a higher evaporation volume at a medium temperature, thereby reducing evaporation losses.
The introduction of high-performance fluorine fluids into industrialization has been a major source of concern since the beginning of the world. In particular, with the introduction of low-end power constants, good heat conductors, perfluoropolymeric ethers, etc., by 3m in the United States and Solve in Belgium.
As fluorinated electronic cooling fluids, the listed substances have acquired initial applications on the market, making leachate cooling research one of the focal points in the field of fluorine chemistry. Giant shares, based on more than a decade of cooling fluid technology accumulation, have developed, through autonomous research and development, a series of electronic fluorinated liquids, including hydrofluorided and perfluoropolyether jht products.
The product is suitable for major data centres to replace cooling media for heat and cutting-edge industries, electronic fluids, production technologies that have long been monopolized abroad, megatechnics, innovation from small to medium tests, and the main indicators of product performance are superior to foreign monopoly products.
Indirect Holding 95% of Zhejiang's new fluorotechnic Materials Ltd. plans to invest $510 million in a 5,000t/a impregnated cooling fluid project, which will be used for cooling media and state-of-the-art industries and electronic fluids required for heat exchange in large data centres, and is scheduled to be delivered in three quarters. One of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects was almost completed in the first half of 2022.
Currently, the total market size of the data centre ' s impregnated cooling fluids is 30,000 tons and is expected to reach 100,000 tons in 2025, keeping in mind the company ' s future fluorinated fluid business growth.
The company won the refrigerant plate, which consisted mainly of second-generation refrigerants and three-generation refrigerants. The second-generation refrigerants, which were dominated by r22, were currently restricted to production, with a company production quota of 58682 tons. According to the preceding assumptions, the future R22 prices would remain on a small upward trend. The third-generation refrigerants, which were dominated by r32, r134a, r125, had 13,
Seventy-five million tons of capacity, with three generations of refrigerants going to freeze production according to production quotas in 2024, with product sales running out of 2023 guaranteed product losses, and with supply and demand structural repairs, the price of three future generations of refrigerants remaining stable, fluoropolymers plated.
The main products of the company’s fluoropolymer plates are ptef and pvdf. For pvdf, a further 0.65 million tons of lithium-grade capacity were added in the first half of 2022, and an additional 23.5 million were expected to be completed by the end of 2022, when pvdf’s capacity reached 3.35 million tons.
On August 31, the average annual price of lithium-grade pvdf was 445.8 million yuan/tonne, and by 2023, together with the production capacity of pvdf, we were firmly convinced of the cost advantages of the three generation-generation increase in refrigerant price warming and the mega-chlorinated hydrofluorocarbon band movement. At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, and the high value added puller company's Māori center is expected to be in the public domain.
(i) The three-generation refrigerant quota distribution programme is not ideal; (ii) downstream demand is less than expected; and (iii) new production capacity is less advanced than expected;
(4) Four generations of refrigerant replacements at an accelerated rate; (5) macro-policy risks.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.