2nd Exchange Development (000895) company evaluation report 29 March 2023 — 2nd Exchange Development Report 2022
28 March, company announcement 2022. In 2022, the company achieved a total revenue of 62,731 million yuan (-q4 revenue growth, solid growth in the number of dealers 1) and 22q4 revenue growth. In 22 years, the company ' s packaged meat/sprouts/other revenues were respectively.
2) Packaging meat sales have increased steadily. For 22 years, the company ' s sales of packaged meat/sprout products have been structurally upgraded to raise the amount of meat products to Māori, and freezes have released raw meat to elastic profits 1) The value of packaged meat products and raw products to Māori to Māori has increased by the same amount. In 22 years, the company ' s Māori ratio was 16.39 per cent.
2) Packaging meat products are more profitable, and frozen products release fresh meat elasticity. For 22 years, the company has a net 10,000 yuan per ton, equal to +0.02 + 0.05 million yuan per ton, driven by structural upgrading, packaging meat products are more profitable, and raw meat operations have released profit elasticity in stocks against the backdrop of rising pig prices in the second half of the year.
22q4, the net interest rate of the company was 8.82 per cent, corresponding to -0.19 pct.
The company uses a combination of frozen and fresh products, home-grown meat and imported meat to effectively smooth the impact of pig prices on the profits of fresh products. Since November 22, the prices of pork have fallen by more than 40%, and the company is expected to increase the profits from slaughtering operations by increasing its share of fresh products.
2) The structure of meat products has been upgraded at an accelerated pace. The company has continued to produce new products, accelerating the structural upgrading of meat products. In 2022, the company has vigorously promoted the production of new products such as chicken intestines, light energy sausages, hot dog intestines, fast food, Chinese cuisine, cod, fish intestines, intestines, roasted intestines, thawballs, etc.
3) Take advantage of prefabricated vegetable opportunities. The company actively exploits the opportunities for the development of the prefabricated vegetable industry, making full use of the dual-sink brand power and deep-deep channel system, developing new products around the "8 + salami" and building distribution networks around the Chinese and Chinese north regions, while planning for the construction of a scalding prefabricated vegetable processing plant in this river city.
The company is a meat company, with excellent core teams, vertically connected up and down, successful in building economies of scale, large moats, and accelerating the upgrading of meat products, taking advantage of the opportunities for prefabricated vegetables. We expect 2023, 2024,
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.