The petrochemicals are the petrochemicals and the Chinese petrochemicals are the petrochemicals. The petrochemicals are the petrochemicals of the State Treasury.
The firm, the whole-industry chain of the petrochemical industry from the top down, but more concentrated in the middle and downstream of the industrial chain, i.e. refining and the sale of finished oil, are the company’s main focus. The company values shareholder returns, with a historically excellent split of dividends, which reached a high rate of 8 per cent in 2022.
Exploration and development plate: oil prices remain high and profitable. The company’s exploration and development panel profit owners depend on the cost of barrel oil and oil prices, and the exploration and exploitation panel’s profits increased significantly in 2022 under high oil prices. We predict that future Brent oil prices are expected to remain at a higher range of $70-90 per barrel, with the cost at stake.
As a result of the company’s increasing production and the intensive development of new oil fields, actual barrel oil costs are now expected to be 52 weeks’ maximum/minimum prices. Overall, the company’s exploration and development plate is expected to sustain higher profits in the future.
Refinement plates: profits per unit are relatively stable, and sales of finished oil are expected to increase as a result of the economic recovery. Company production of finished oils has generally shown a steady growth trend, with company refining profits of $40-80 at oil prices, and domestic refining profits have also increased significantly, reaching their highest level in nearly five years.
Sales plate: the zero price differential for the finished oil batch has expanded and the non-oil business has been growing steadily. In 2023, with the recovery of domestic demand for travel, the sales of the finished oil will increase, and since this year, the finished oil will be sold.
The zero-price differential for the oil batch has recovered, and is expected to remain within reasonable areas throughout the year, with China’s petrochemical sales performance being strongly supported. The quality and efficiency of non-oil operations have continued to improve, with revenues and profits growing faster in 2022, and are expected to lead to some improvement in the performance of the sales plate in the future.
The new material is the direction in which the public sector is developing, and the proportion of higher value-added products has increased steadily in recent years.
The price of $5.36 was increased to the major shareholder, the China PIC Group, by 12 billion dollars for the upgrading of business development in the direction of clean energy, high-additional materials, and new material items such as poe, eva, etc. Profit forecasting and valuation: the company operated robustly and forecasted the company ' s net profits as a parent in 2023-2025
China’s petrochemicals: high-scoring cash cows, leading companies with petrochemical whole-sector chain layouts.
China ' s petrochemicals are the leading petrochemical integration business in the State Treasury, which operates from top to bottom in the entire industrial chain of the petrochemical industry, but is more inclined to the middle and downstream of the industrial chain, i.e., the sales of refined and finished oils are the company ' s focus. China ' s petrochemical companies, holding and participating companies, etc., have a total of more than 100 companies, including oil and gas companies.
The price of assets and principal dollars for exploration and exploitation, refining, chemical industries, marketing of products, and enterprises and establishments such as scientific research and foreign trade has increased to 12 billion dollars for clean energy, high-value-added materials and the upgrading of business development for major shareholders. This reflects the confidence of major shareholders in the future development of the company.
China ' s petrochemicals are one of China ' s largest integrated energy-chemicals companies, mainly engaged in oil and gas exploration, pipeline transport and marketing; petroleum refining, petrochemicals, coal-chemicals, chemical fibres and other chemical production and products, marketing and storage; oil, gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and other chemical products and other commodities,
Technology imports and exports, brokering operations, technology, information research, development, and applications. China ' s petrochemicals are China ' s large oil and gas producers; its refining capacity is ranked first in China; China has a well-developed network of finished oil sales and is China ' s largest supplier of finished oil; and its ethylene production capacity is ranked first in China, making comparisons.
A well-developed network for the marketing of chemical products: 100 million tons, of which about 83 per cent of crude oil is imported from overseas; approximately 43 million tons of chemical products are produced, mainly acetylene, synthetic resin, etc.; 163 million tons of finished oil are sold, of which 86 per cent are self-produced and the remaining oil is produced.
Outsourcing; 66 per cent of the end-points for the sale of finished oils were retailed through their own gas stations and the rest through direct sales and distribution channels.
In terms of income size, China’s petrochemical and Chinese oil are more integrated, its income-side performance is stable, it is positively related to oil prices, and China’s petrochemical revenues are slightly better than China’s oil. But China’s oil upstream operations are larger, and China’s petrochemical downstream operations are larger, owing to the focus of their respective operations.
China’s oil performance was better under high oil prices, and China’s petrochemical performance under low- and medium-price prices was better. In 2022, China’s petrochemical revenues increased by 21% over the same period, but the net profit of the parent country was higher.
By 2023, as oil prices fall back to reasonable areas, it is expected that the overall profit level of the company will be as follows: Figure 6: China ' s oil revenue structure, Figure 7: China ' s petro-Māori structure
Figure 8: China's oil Māori income structure. Cash flows are abundant, capital expenditure is raised while high-scoring cash flows continue to rise, reflecting good business results.
The overall upward trend in shocks, particularly since 2010, is that operating net cash flows are essentially at a strong cash flow level sufficient to demonstrate a firm's good operational strength, to lay good cash for subsequent development; capital spending is less cyclical; and future investments are more upstream and new chemical materials.
The situation is mainly related to oil prices, which are in line with the development patterns of petrochemical enterprises, but even with large fluctuations in oil prices in recent years, corporate capital spending has maintained a steady growth trend, with fossilized taps having to maintain higher upstream capital spending on the one hand, and from the enterprise itself on the other, in the context of domestic energy security on the other.
By contrast, the proportion of capital spending on new chemical materials is increasing, indicating that companies are gradually building up higher value-added products, and are trying to increase their value. Focusing on shareholder returns, high dividends and dividends have become important indicators of companies.
Historically, there have been excellent dividends, with one in the first half of the year. Since 2014, exploration and development plates have been maintained at a higher level, with profit from exploration and exploitation plates largely dependent on barrel oil costs and oil prices.
As a result, the company’s profitability for exploration and exploitation has been relatively weak in recent years, with the oil price rising in 2022 at a high price, oil prices: future Brent oil prices are expected to remain at a higher range of $70-90/bail. The supply side of Russia’s crude oil will continue to be affected by sanctions, the Oec Growth Initiative, and insufficient capital spending on shale oil will increase production only to a limited extent: the demand end.
As the global economy recovers, modest growth is maintained, and the overall supply and demand balance remains tight. Oil prices are expected to remain high in anticipation of a slowdown in the US Federal Reserve.
Use, operating costs, etc., of which dd&a is related to the reverse of the economic reserves, i.e. the higher the economic reserves, the lower the dd&a, the lower the costs of fueling the barrel oil. Thus, real barrel oil costs are expected to decrease as companies increase their production, and as new oil fields are developed with great force.
Oil prices are expected to remain high between supply sides: the supply-side growth engine was inadequate in 2023, from the point of view of global energy upstream capital spending, although global hydrocarbon spending has increased significantly.
The real response is an increase in the cost of the global hydrocarbon project, based on an estimate by the jaea. The new hydrocarbon project development in 2015-2020 has shown a downward trend, with only a small rebound after 2020. The capital expenditure major set is on already developed projects, which has led to traditional hydrocarbon projects being raised over time.
So we believe that even if future spending on hydrocarbon capital is increasing, the actual investment effect will decline as a result of the rising cost of investment in the oil fields. Opec continues to scale down production.
2 million barrels per day of production reduction policy remains unchanged (1.27 million barrels per day for Oec and 730,000 barrels per day for other countries), and instead of holding high-frequency monthly meetings to adjust production policy, there are six-monthly ministerial meetings (onomm) and bimonthly meetings of the OPEC+ Joint Ministerial Oversight Committee (jmmc) from
According to the results of the current implementation, the main reduction in crude oil production in the country of production in February 2023 was about 760,000 barrels in August 2022, maintaining a better level of reduction.
Thus, we believe that the Oec cut is still binding for claims of high oil prices, and that it could serve as a good basis for oil prices. On 5 February, the embargo on Russian marine crude oil was lifted, and on 5 February 2023 it was imposed on Russian maritime oil.
The embargo on products, through the control of maritime transport insurance, has capped Russian crude oil by $60. After Russia’s supply of crude oil remained relatively uncertain, Russia was actively selling crude oil to the Asian region through trade transfers, and the impact of the sanctions was expected to be gradual as the pattern of global crude oil trade was reshaped.
In January, Russia’s crude-oil production fell by 0.36 million barrels per day to 11.21 million barrels per day, including 9.8 million barrels per day of crude oil production and 1.4 million barrels per day of oil fluid production.
Production will decline by 0.75 million barrels per day to 10.28 million barrels per day, but Russia’s real production is uncertain due to the geopolitics of Eastern Europe. US shale oil is growing slowly.
In the case of shale oil, the willingness of the United States to spend capital is still low, and there are still no conditions for a significant increase in production. According to eia, in 2023, US crude oil production increased slightly by 0.56 million barrels per day to 12.44 million barrels per day.
Figure 21: United States annual crude oil production and forecast (millions of barrels per day) Demand at the end: the expected weak performance in 2023 and the high inflation environment abroad in 2022 triggered a competitive exchange rate between the central banks of the overseas countries represented by the Federal Reserve, so no
In October 2022, Imf predicted a 3.2% and 2.7% increase in 2022 and 2023 in global gdp, respectively, as crude oil demand is associated with a high increase in gdp, so that in 2023 crude oil demand is expected to show a weaker performance as the economy slows down.
In the current policy environment, demand for crude oil has not reached its peak, and demand will continue to grow.
Oil demand is divided into three scenarios: the current policy scenario, the climate commitment scenario, the 2050 net zero emissions scenario, under which global oil demand exceeded 2019 levels in 2023 and peaked at 103 million barrels per day in the middle of the 2030s, followed by a slight decline in oil prices from 2022 to 2050.
High levels fell to around $82 per barrel in 2030; in the climate commitment scenario, stronger policy action led to a peak in global oil demand in the mid-2020s, slightly higher than in 2019, then 93 million barrels per day in 2030 and oil prices below $65 per barrel in 2030, followed by
As of 2022, China's oil and gas dependence had reached 72%.
In August 2018, the State offered to be at a high level of security for the country’s energy sources, to increase domestic oil and gas exploration and exploitation, and to receive a positive response from the three major oil companies.
In May, the National Energy Agency presented “the requirements for further work on a seven-year programme of action to boost oil and gas exploration and exploitation in 2019 and future years.” The 2022 Government Report on the Work of Work raised energy security to a strategic level equal to that of food security and introduced new requirements for ensuring energy security and quality development in the country.
The party’s 20-year report proposes to further the energy revolution, strengthen the energy supply and distribution system, and ensure that it is able to be influenced by policy, with a significant increase in upstream capital spending by companies in 2022 for exploration and exploitation of plate capital, RMB 83.3 billion, mainly for the construction of crude oil production capacity in the North, the Tat River, the Victory Sea, and so on.
In 2023, it is planned to spend 74.4 billion yuan yuan on the exploration and development of plate capital, mainly for the construction of crude oil production capacity such as Ziyang, the Tat River, the construction of natural gas production capacity such as Kawasai, and the construction of oil and gas storage facilities.
Corporate crude oil and natural gas reserves have shown a modest growth trend in recent years, supported by oil price warming and policy support. As the economy’s exploitable reserves have been more affected by oil prices, the company’s reserves have declined somewhat during the period of oil price collapse, but in recent years they have largely been growing steadily, and in recent years they have been low, except in 2020.
Outside the oil price period, the rate of replacement for reserves is more than 100%, meaning that the company’s crude oil reserves are growing faster than production, with great potential for growth. With regard to natural gas, gas reserves show a similar positive growth potential, given relatively stable gas prices.
In terms of production, the company ' s crude oil production has remained essentially stable at around 280 million barrels in recent years, and in the future the company will focus on producing capacity, controlling regress, increasing availability, reducing costs, accelerating capacity-building, such as in Ziyang and the Tat River, and strengthening the fine development of the old areas. In 2023, crude oil production is expected to remain above 280 million barrels.
The company will accelerate capacity-building in such areas as the Kawanami Sea Sea and Okai to boost natural gas efficiency; diversify its natural gas resources to foster the development of high-quality customers; and continuously improve its natural gas production and storage system. In 2023, the public sector is expected to produce 36.6 billion tons of natural gas, sustaining steady growth.
Figure 30: Company crude oil production (million barrels) Figure 31: Company natural gas production (billions)
Oil sales are expected to increase, crude oil processing has increased slightly, unit refining profits have remained relatively stable at about 100 million tons, and 83 per cent of crude oil is from outsourcing due to resource constraints.
The volume of crude oil processed amounted to 242 million tons, with 250 million tons of crude oil processed planned for 2023, a slight increase over the same year. Corporate production of finished oils has generally shown a steady growth trend, with overall production of finished oils declining since 2020 because of the greater impact of the epidemic on the demand for finished oils.
The oil structure is constantly being optimized, and the fuelwood ratio has dropped to about one, meaning that companies are more flexible in their installations, and can adapt product structures to market conditions more freely, thus improving their performance. Historically, under $40-$80 in oil prices, companies have made relatively better profits in refining oil, mainly from our finished oil products.
According to the Oil Price Management Scheme, the highest retail price of gasoline and diesel is based on the price of crude oil on the international market, taking into account the average domestic processing cost, taxes, reasonable flow chain costs and appropriate profits, which are determined to be $40 per barrel when the price of crude oil on the international market is less than $40 per barrel (inclusive), $40 per barrel.
The price of finished oil is calculated at the normal process profit margin; the price of finished oil is calculated at the normal process profit rate when it is above $40 per barrel less than $80; the processing profit rate is reduced when it is above $80 per barrel until the price of finished oil is calculated at zero profit for processing; and the balance of producer and consumer is calculated above $130 per barrel when it is above the price of finished oil.
In principle, the price of gas and diesel fuel is not mentioned or reduced. With the wrong mix of supply and demand, the profits of traditional refineries are expected to increase.
With regard to the policy of limiting the supply of finished oil in the country and increasing profits from traditional refineries as a result of economic rehabilitation, by 2025, the country’s primary processing capacity was contained in 1 billion tons of oil, in accordance with the State Council’s Programme of Action to reach carbon peaks by 2030, and the utilization rate of major products increased to over 80 per cent.
In 2022, with a single processing capacity of 953 million tons of domestic crude oil, 676 million tons of crude oil, 71 per cent of capacity utilization, and nearly close to the ceiling, new refining projects need to rely on existing capacity.
At the same time, large refineries and traditional refineries have also introduced “reduce-up” measures to reduce the rate of oil harvests and increase the rate of industrial harvests in order to increase profitability. Thus, for finished oils, domestic supply will contract in the future.
In 2022, the profits of domestic oil refineries fell sharply as oil prices rose and demand was constrained by the epidemic, but as oil prices rebounded, refining profits recovered rapidly, and refining profits increased significantly as demand progressed, reaching their highest levels in almost five years.
Global refining capacity is strained, and the profits from the overseas sale of finished oils are considerable. In recent years, increasing global refining capacity has been phased out as a result of the epidemic and “carbon neutralization” policies.
In Europe and Asia, a total of 1.8 million barrels per day of refining capacity has been phased out, resulting in a net decline in global refining capacity for the first time in 30 years. More than 1 million barrels per day of production are expected to exit in 2022, partially offsetting the fact that in 2021, the refinery’s profit rate was already higher owing to the relatively low price of cracks in light products, such as gasoline and paracephate.
In the first few months of 2022, the price differentials between diesel and kerosene also rose sharply as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation. Given the uncertainty about the outlook for oil demand, even if we find that the price differentials for finished oil cracks are strong, this does not mean that there will be a higher investment in refining oil in the coming years.
Carbon operations, investments may be concentrated on renewable biofuels, plastic recycling, and low-carbon hydrogen. Thus, the price differentials for the cracking of the finished oil abroad may be maintained at a higher level for longer periods due to mismatches between supply and demand, and domestic firms with a quota for the export of the finished oil will benefit greatly.
In China, petrochemicals account for almost 40% of the quota for the export of finished oils, and in 2023, the company received 741,000 tons of the first finished oil ration, an increase of 72% over the same period. In the case of higher prices for the cracking of finished oils abroad, the company’s profitability is expected to increase further.
Refinement cost end: Saudi official price increases are significant, vlcc freight charges are still high. Since the second quarter of 2022, Saudi Arabia has significantly increased the price of oil in the light of the Russian-Turkish conflict's boost to oil prices, but since the fourth quarter, it has taken into account the weaker demand in Asia and the increased inflow of oil after Russia's Western sanctions.
Countries in Asia, particularly India and China, have strong preferences for low-priced oil products, so Saudi officials are receding their prices. The rise in light/medium/heavy oil in April 2023 amounted to $2.5.5/0.75, respectively, compared to 2022 for freight costs, which began in the second half of 2022 and increased crude oil exports in the Middle East and the United States of America as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation.
Following the fall in maritime transport following the Russian oil embargo, OPEC+ output reduction, and the reduction in US reserves released, freight costs have declined rapidly. But since February of this year, the freight costs have risen rapidly again, driven by import demand from China and Europe, and the freight costs are now rising rapidly.
Already over $70,000 per day, at an all-time high. Figure 43: Vlcc Freight (US$/day)
Since 2020, the sale of the company's finished oil has been constrained by the effects of the epidemic.
The sale of domestic finished oils was 163 million tons, of which 107 million tons were retailed and 56 million tons were sold and distributed, with a small slide. The annual average gas supply at the company ' s gas station also dropped significantly, with the demand for single-stop fuel returning to 3470 in 2022, and the sales of finished oil will increase, with the company planning to sell finished oil in 2023.
Figure 44: Sale of finished petrochemical oils in China (million tons) Figure 45: Total number of petrochemical gas stations in China (one) and average annual refuelling (tonne/station) in China (one-stop)
The decline in oil demand has led to a decline in wholesale prices, a sharp drop in zero price differentials to historical highs, followed by a fall in oil prices after three quarters, and a contraction in zero price differentials. Since this year, there has been a recovery in zero price differentials for finished oils, which are expected to sustain throughout the year.
In March 2014, China’s petrochemical and non-oil sales company, China’s petrochemical and non-oil sales company, Inc., was inaugurated, marking a market-oriented and professional development of China’s petrochemical and non-oil operations.
It has expanded the size of its operations, ranking at the top of the list at 28,000 convenience stores with a high number of country-wide convenience stores; it has developed its own brands, hatching the Troma Spring, the Long White Hills Fountain, gull paper, lasagna, three-person showcasing, Oto cat suits, easy coffee, etc.; it has developed a variety of costumes, catering, advertising, finance, etc.
(b) Actively develop a national online platform and membership system, launching an international cross-border business town, and creating a full-scale consumption scene, such as "Little-to-Teit, Easy-to-Travel, Easy-to-Home", which currently stands at over 200 million members nationwide.
The value of the Year's Leaflet brands reached 19.753 billion and was awarded the title “The Chinese brand I love 2021”.
Easeyjoyproduct
Easier service, appetizer suit, adbele ad.
In terms of performance, the quality and efficiency of non-oil operations continued to improve. China ' s petrochemical non-oil industry in 2022.
(b) Non-oil operating profits amounted to $4.3 billion, representing an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year, and single-stores profits amounted to $150,000 in the same year.
In recent years, the production of chemical products has been relatively stable, with a total output of more than 80 million tons.
In terms of profit performance, chemicals are more affected by the climate of their own supply and demand, as well as by fluctuations in upstream oil prices, and slow fluctuations in oil prices have little impact on the profitability of chemicals, but the profits of chemicals under high oil prices have been squeezed to a certain extent.
As a result, the cost pressure on chemical products is expected to decrease in 2023 as the price of oil rebounds. Figure 57: Classification of the company ' s major chemical products, in terms of the growth in the production capacity of large-scale chemical products, is currently in the process of producing large-scale chemical products, although some of the projects remain.
In the event of an extension, but overall the supply pressure is high in the future, we believe that the short term of the bulk chemical product may maintain a low profit. Figure 58: Historical classification of prices of major chemical products (in yuan/tons)
In recent years, the corporate chemical industry has adhered to a “basic + high-end” strategy, accelerating science, technology and innovation, closely producing and marketing, combining and scaling up research and development of high-end products and high-value-added materials, and working to fill technological gaps and scale up.
High-end market share. Companies are increasing their high-value-added products, such as photovoltaic-gradeeva, macaroni-metal polyolefins, septine rubber, and the proportion of synthetic resins, synthetic rubbers, synthetic fibres, and fine-chemist high-value-added products is also increasing steadily. Corporate capital spending on chemical panels has increased significantly since 2021, reflecting high-end corporate development.
In order to respond positively to the call of the national energy transformation strategy, and to help achieve the “double carbon” goal, the company, at a price of $5.36, has set an increase of $12 billion to the major shareholder, China's petrochemical group, in the direction of clean energy, high-value-added materials, etc.
Development upgrades. Three of the high-value-added materials projects are the following: Project on Oil Refinery Upgrading and Acetylene Sub-Project; Project on 50,000 tonnes/year polyolefin fleximeter (poe) Industrial Pilot Devices; and Project No. 2eva of China Sr (Cuangdong) Sr.
Project on refining oil conversion and ethylene lifting, including refining oil conversion and ethylene lifting, raising funds mainly for new heat-plastic high-molecular materials in the ethylene-reforming component, in the direction of high-value-added materials, mainly for new energy vehicles, precision instruments, electrical appliances, etc.
The main construction elements of the 50,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe) industrial test unit project of the Maui Branch include the construction of new 50,000 tonnes/year poe units and accompanying public engineering and support facilities, and the products of the project are mainly used in the areas of high-efficiency battery containment of film, thermal plastic polyolefin elastomers, polymer modifications, automobiles, wire cables, etc.
The main construction elements of the China Sr. 2eva project include the construction of a new 100,000 tonnes/year installation and ancillary utilities, the products of which are used mainly in the areas of photovoltaic batteries, functional film, thermal smelting glue and wire cables.
Poe has a high technical barrier to production, a small number of global production firms, and the market is dominated by Tao Cement, Exxon Mobil, a test device in September of the year for 1000 tons/year poe, and in March of 2023, tons of 1-octane felastics and 20,000-butylene elastomers. In addition, the company is operating 1.2 million tons of ethylene in the port of Tianjinnan.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Exploration and development operations: assuming that the company ' s domestic crude oil production is at a steady rate of around 2 per cent, and overseas crude oil production is vindicated.
2. 50/2. 55/2.60 million barrels. Prices for the sale of finished oils have fallen with oil prices, but because of the warming of the demand for finished oil, sales operations: non-oil operations are assumed to increase by 8 per cent because of the small base and the large market space. Sales prices have also fallen with oil prices, but the lot zero difference has increased.
8200-8864-8531 million tonnes. The price of chemical products has fallen due to oversupply and oil prices compared to other operations: mainly the import-export trade operations of affiliated companies and their R & D activities, as well as the management activities of the Ministry, with lower profitability compared to the main business, assuming that the corporate income from other operations as a whole remains relative.
Based on the company ' s historical rates, we assume a sales cost rate of 2 per cent, a management cost rate of 2 per cent, and a company ' s performance sensitivity is measured in three different scenarios: optimistic, neutral and pessimistic, given that the company ' s main product is bulky, more cyclical and more volatile prices.
Taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company ' s soundness.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive to the cost of capital of a company ' s general equity (ke) and the rate of constant growth, is shown below.
The higher the level of valuation of the more integrated companies, as compared to international energy companies with similar corporate operations, can be found because of the higher impact of oil prices on the performance of the energy giants, so that the more integrated companies smooth the risk of oil price fluctuations and have relatively more stable profits and are more conducive to sustainability.
Stable dividends to shareholders. So, referring to the valuation of comparable companies with the same industry, we believe that the company’s leading position and robust growth, which covers the first time with the “buy-in” rating, is less volatile in the lower cycle of oil prices because of the higher degree of corporate integration and the lower share of upstream assets.
We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company in the years to come, the calculation of the cost of the company's general equity capital (ke), the assumption of tv and the selection of comparable valuation parameters, all of which have been integrated into the judgment of many individuals, which has led to a deviation in the valuation.
(b) The company's general equity capital cost (ke) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming that the risk-free interest rate is 2.6 per cent and the risk premium is 7 per cent and that there may still be low estimates or take-off of these parameters.
We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 1 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make a significant negative change in the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth will actually be low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation.
In terms of relative valuation, we have selected global energy giants similar to or close to the company's business, such as Exxon Mobil, Shell, Dadal, Chevron, British Petroleum, China Oil, China Sea Oil, etc., and have selected comparable companies 2022pe as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the company's relative valuation.
Prominent position and growth, with a premium based on average industry dynamics, ultimately gives companies the risk of expected optimism, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years. Cost estimates are low, Māori overestimated, resulting in higher than actual projections of profits for companies over the next three years.
Risk of significant fluctuations in oil prices: oil prices have a greater impact on petrochemicals, and while we have a reasonable assumption of the central stage of oil prices, there are inevitable fluctuations in oil prices in the course of actual operations, which may lead to changes in the decision-making of petrochemicals to operate, leading to the sale of actual products
The risk of increased competition in the industry is that new materials for chemicals are likely to be developed by companies in the future at a risk of increased competition in the industry, owing to the rapid rise of domestic firms, such as private-sector refining, and the speed with which new materials for chemicals are breaking out.
The risk of market failure in the development of non-oil operations by companies, which tend to be more consumer-oriented, does not represent a non-oil industry, although the company has the advantage of a gas station.
There is a steady rise in revenue for the panel, and the market diffusion of non-oil operations is less likely than expected if the company’s brand, channels, and product systems are poorly developed. Trade protectionism and trade friction risk: the share of corporate business income abroad is as much as 15%, and the company’s share of business income is as high as 15%.
They are also listed abroad and, if trade friction increases further, offshore customers may reduce orders, require public authorities to reduce prices or pay corresponding tariffs, thereby adversely affecting the company ' s performance and even risking sanctions against the assets of the public authorities abroad.
Risks of offshore operations: The company has a number of domestic and foreign affiliates with a larger hierarchy and faces regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes. If the future regulation of national or regional laws and taxes of offshore subsidiaries requires adverse changes, the company lacks the managerial experience and capacity to actually control them.
There is a risk of bad debts arising from the difficulty of collecting receivables.
Stock loss risk: The company’s inventory carrying value is $244.2 billion, representing 47% of current assets. If the future market environment changes or increased competition lead to delays in the sale of products, stock backlogs, etc., will result in an increase in the price loss of the company’s inventory, with adverse effects on the profitability of the company.
There is a risk of short-term liquidity in the future if financial management is inadequate. The risk of technology catching up or being replaced is that a company is in a capital-intensive, technology-intensive industry and, in the absence of competition to upgrade R & D technological capabilities, if a company is unable to accurately capture the development of technology in the industry.
There have been failures in decision-making on the direction of technology development; or R & D projects have not been successfully advanced, new technologies have not been applied to product development and upgrading in a timely manner, and where technologies have been overtaken or replaced, firms will not be able to maintain the competitiveness of their products, with significant adverse effects on their operations.
Risk of brain drain from key technologies: The development and management of critical skilled talent is the main competitive advantage of a company that will lack the attractiveness to skilled talent if it fails to provide continuous and effective incentives in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc., in the future, and may result in the loss of existing core skilled personnel, which will affect the company ' s productive operations
Core technology risk of leaking: after years of accumulation, companies have built up a core set of technologies that are core competitiveness and core secrets. If future key technicians are lost or relevant technologies, data, drawings, classified information are leaked in the production process, leading to core technology.
Leakage will affect to some extent the ability of firms to innovate in technology development and market competitiveness, adversely affecting their production operations and development, and the traditional energy industries in which they are located are partly influenced by national policies, possibly as a result of policy changes.
A “carbon peak, carbon neutrality” policy may have some constraints on the company’s long-term development, and business development space may be limited if the company fails to transform in a timely manner.
The actual controller holds 67% of the company’s equity, which has a substantial impact on the company’s major business decisions. If the actual controller uses his control position, he or she uses his or her voting power or other means to determine the company’s overall business decisions and investment plans, share allocation policies and personnel appointments.
Controls, etc., could have a negative impact on other shareholders’ interests. The risk of increased failures: 12 billion more shares of company planning for clean energy, high-value-added materials, risk of distribution failures, and negative impacts on companies’ long-term development.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject