I'm sorry, sinopec(600028)atracivevevevevevementmentportunityinabilityinopec fromearning privateity and valuationrepairment
It's not like I'm the only one who's in the middle of it.
#integration#cheapermentpeercompanies#hghdividendyeld#reversaleffect#scarceassets
Inventivethesis to ginapetrochemiccalcorporation (sinopec): globalleadeering, withefective integratedadvantagestoristoilpristitutions. sinopelistheeworld'slargeest
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
The gpmoftheextraction&productionsessionfolllowsposivetranslatorwithoilprices, while thegpmofthefenningandchemicalssetsfolllowsanegatettreend.gpmofthemarking&distrificationsessionrementremainstableatround 6-7%.theintegrated
I don't know what you're talking about.
"Dual-carbon"background, China's "senergystructureisundergoingadjustices, witha facussonthedevelopmentofdevelopmentofofiolandgasresources.weexpecturetoilpricestoremamainathigh
Quellsin2023.1 supplyside: the globalcapicalexpenditureofuppreamresourceshas limitedgroth, andrisingoilpriceshavenotincreasedtheenthusiasmforglobalcapitatal expenditure.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I's what I'm talking about, it's what I's about, it's what I'm talking about.
I don't know, recallreports havenotyetpeakedandremaininsinagrovethttreend.
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure what I'm going to do.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, for your help.
"Reductionofofoflandincreas"forrefinding itssembleeshuxianchen
And jingjingguio (Ko Jing Jing Jing).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Thereiningandchemicalssegmentorise.ethylene: chinarelievillelyonomportssof etylene.astehecoustry'slayingethyleneproducer, sinopechaslongedheredtoan innovation-drivenstrategyandhasbeenthefirstinchininato completeeindustriartestof
Directcrudeoilingtoproduceethylene, with acléarindustrialcompetitive advantage.inadddtion, refining andchemicalscompaniesarecontractually promoting the implementationcapacitylayofdownstreamreal, drivingmandindreasefor
I've been working on this for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
Forstate-ownenterprises; forging highlevelsofoilpricees; increasedexportquotasfor refineddoilproducts; stritersubpervisionofconsumptiontaxonrefindoilproducts.
Indemandforrefineddoilproducts. China petrochemicals (600028) Performance elasticity + value valorization repair, China petrochemicals provide a welcome opportunity
April 11th, 2023 Chen Wei-bin Keyword: #Integration#
• China ' s petrochemicals: Global refining poles and integration advantages effectively counter the risk of oil price volatility. The company is the world ' s first largest oil refinery and second largest chemical company, with operational plates including exploration and exploitation, refining, chemicals, marketing and distribution. The Māori ratio of the company ' s exploration and development plate follows the price of oil.
Refining, chemical panels Māori rates follow negative fluctuations in oil prices, marketing and distribution plate Māori rates are stable at around 6 to 7 per cent, integration features are better able to withstand the risk of oil price volatility, high oil price volatility  National policies promote the continued high operation of production + oil prices in higher reserves and sound exploration policies.
Level: In a bicarbon context, our energy structure has been adjusted to focus on the development of hydrocarbon resources. We expect oil prices to remain high in 2023: 1) at the supply end: limited increases in global upstream capital spending, and the upturn in oil prices have not increased global capital spending.
Production capacity is in decline; production in some parts of the country has reached its limits; crude oil has recovered; and production in the United States has increased gradually, but production has increased only modestly, with average annual increases below pre-epidemiological levels.) Demand ends: global demand for crude oil has not peaked and is still growing. Policy push and high crude oil prices are high.
Under this, companies have increased capital spending on upstream exploration plates, managed the cost of oil and gas operations effectively, and moved to a high-quality development of exploration operations.  Policy tightening + heating of demand for finished oils & increasing foreign price differentials, and refining plate performance is expected to improve.
At the policy level, China will continue to promote the “reducing oil” of oil refineries during the 1450s, with a low rate of harvests of oil products from new refining projects, limited development of the supply side of the product, and limited subsequent significant additions of refined products. In this case, the company has a number of priority refining projects under way, and the refining plates are not yet in place.
In the case of finished oils: 1) domestic: the difference between the gas, diesel and the original oil prices has reached a high point, while the domestic demand for finished oil sub-demands has warmed. 2) Overseas: the price of finished oil has increased, and the export quota for finished oil has increased. The profits of the company’s refined plates from domestic and foreign operations are expected to rise.
ethylene imports are highly dependent. Central petrochemicals, the country's leading ethylene production company, have long been reporting on the support of professional research and analysis, applying an innovation-driven strategy to take the lead in the country in completing the ethylene direct fission industrial test of crude oil.
In particular, thanks to Chen Sook-hyun and Kwok Jing Jing Jing, the competitive advantage is evident. Moreover, refining enterprises continue to push for new downstream material production packages, with reforms taking place in the United States, and companies are expected to revalue their value levels.
The Institute's National Investment Committee meets to promote the development of state-owned enterprises against world-class corporate value-creation initiatives. The petrochemical industry is characterized by a small and large number of players. The company's performance is excellent, its ownership is highly concentrated, and its interest rate is higher than that of the other two shareholders.
The company’s pb value is much lower than that of other petrochemicals, which are ranked in the top market, and it is expected that the valuation will return to a rational level, driven by political policy. Continued high-level operations; increased quotas for the export of finished oils; and enhanced regulation of taxes on the consumption of finished oils.
1.1. The whole chain layout of the whole industry is one-smelling, one-smelling, one-smelling, one-smelling, one-smelling, one-smelling, one-sweet, one-sweet, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, and one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, and one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, one-stop, and one-stop.
China Petroleum Industries Group Ltd., which holds 68.31% of corporate equity. China Petroleum Industries Group Ltd. is a very large State-owned enterprise directly under the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council, so the State Finance Committee of the State Council divides the company ' s actual operations in China ' s petrochemical major battalion into three main lines: upstream, mainly in upstream oil and gas exploration and development; and China ' s cruise pipeline.
Line transport, storage, lng receiving stations and liquefied stations; production and marketing of chemical products such as downstream petroleum.1.2. Respond to the risk of oil price volatility, firm performance is robust. Large-scale energy chemical companies, integrated up, downstream and integrated, remain relatively stable with high oil price volatility.
The share of the plate in corporate revenues has stabilized at around 60% over the last decade. In terms of profit contributions, the rate of Māori in the exploration and development plate follows the price of oil, the rate of Māori in the refining and chemical plate follows the price of oil negative, the rate of Māori in the marketing and distribution plate is stable at around 6-7%, and integration features are better able to withstand the risk of cyclical fluctuations.
1.3. The firm ' s good financial position and its high operating cash flow also showed greater resilience and continued to maintain a positive sales net interest rate and net asset rate of return and a stable profitability.Roe was relatively stable compared to China oil in 2019-2021 compared to bp, exxonmobil, China Sea oil.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company experienced a slight fall in oil prices and a domestic outbreak. As a champion of the refined petrochemical industry, the company was able to guarantee a stable profit even when oil prices fluctuated. 2. Exploration and development: steady oil and gas growth and high-quality business development
2.1. China ' s petrochemicals is one of the largest integrated energy industry companies in the country. The company has 15 branches in the upstream sector and oil and gas resources cover all parts of the country and 26 national areas abroad.
The benefits of exploration and exploitation panels are highly correlated with oil prices. The company’s revenues from exploration and exploitation panels are mainly derived from the export of a small portion of its own-source oil, which is directly linked to the volatility of oil prices, and the Māori rate of the plates is associated with the volatility of oil prices.
As the energy revolution grows, it is urgent to accelerate the strategic restructuring of our energy structure. It is vital to strengthen the country’s energy production base and secure basic livelihoods.
In the broader context of the “double carbon” goal, oil and natural gas, as the most important source of energy in addition to coal, are important underpinnings of the country's energy restructuring, maintaining steady growth in crude oil and natural gas production capacity.
Oil prices are expected to remain high in 2023. Supply side, tension. In the context of the transformation of the energy structure, international oil companies continue to exercise cautious restraint in their production pace, with limited capital spending and insufficient willingness to increase production; under sanctions, Russia ' s crude oil production capacity is insufficient and will decline to some extent; and the supply elasticity of the OEC+ supply and the willingness to reduce the price of oil at the bottom is strong.
Saudi Arabia’s price control capacity has increased; the United States has experienced limited growth in crude oil production, long-standing production bottlenecks, and has shifted from the release of strategic oil stocks in 2022 to the 2023 replenishment cycle. At the demand end, growth.
See, global demand for crude oil is still growing. Moreover, we believe that, despite the economic downturn in 2023, oil prices are less likely to fall sharply when the Federal Reserve, in an effort to revive the economy, will slow up interest rates and even take interest-reduction measures, Saudi-led OEC+ supports oil prices by controlling production, and non-OEC cannot increase production on a large scale.
In the event of a shock event, the price of oil may be sustained and more stable at a higher level. The PET will either continue to perform in a stable and good way.
Since September 2021, the Central Committee and the State Council of the Communist Party of China have issued an opinion on the complete and accurate implementation of the new concept of development in order to achieve carbon neutrality in carbon peaks, the State Council issued a circular on the issuance of a programme of action on carbon peaks by 2030 (NDC No. [2021] 23), and the National Development Reform Commission issued an opinion on strict energy efficiency constraints to promote energy conservation in priority areas.
Some ideas on carbon reduction and the Action Programme for Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction (2021 - 2025) of the strict energy efficiency restrictions in priority petrochemical industries, which promotes carbon peaks in the petrochemical sector, severely controlling additional refining capacity and controlling a country's primary processing capacity by 2025, which is within 1 billion tons, and increasing the capacity utilization of major products to more than 80 per cent. In December 2021, the Central Economy
It was noted that new renewable energy and feedstock energy sources are not included in total energy consumption controls. In our view, in the context of supply-side constraints, significant additional refining capacity has been limited.
The company, the largest oil refinery in China, has more than 30 under-country refineries, and in recent years has continued to invest in capital expansion and has accelerated the construction of world-class refineries. In 2010-2021, the company ' s refining camps received 776.5 billion yuan, an increase of 23.9 per cent.
Consumer tax-related initiatives will further overhaul the oil market to ensure its quality and enhance the brand recognition of private gas stations in legally operating countries. After a consumption tax is levied on the three finished oils, the compliance state-owned refineries and private large-scale refineries will not increase their tax burden, but small independent refineries will lose low-cost refining.
As a result, large State-owned refineries, such as Mesolite, will gradually become more competitive under a pattern of increased competition. The rate of Maori in chemical plates is related to the negative price of crude oil.
In 2023, as the economy recovered from the epidemic, demand rebounded downstream, and corporate chemical panels performed, the main downstream application of ethylene was in the polyethylene sector, accounting for 64% of the total. Other downstream products were epoxy, ethylene, styrene, polyvinylene, etc., and products could be the main source of some of the new downstream material products.
4. Marketing and distribution: oil operations are profitable, non-oil operations are robust, non-oil operations are booming, and the non-oil operations are fast-tracked.
The zero price differential for diesel fuel has risen and the company’s sales of finished oil have become more profitable. Since 2022, the price differential for diesel fuel has been higher, domestic demand for diesel has been stronger, diesel prices have risen faster than gasoline, and the zero price gap for diesel fuel has peaked in June 2022, followed by a small rebound.
As a result of the warming of the gas, increased travel by people, and the ongoing construction of industries such as outdoor engineering infrastructure, the projected zero-price differential in the batches of diesel fuel has increased steadily, and the profitability of the sales of fossilized diesel fuel will be guaranteed.
On 23 March 2022, the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority jointly issued the Long-Term Plan for the Development of the Hydrogen Energy Industry (2021-2035), which identifies the strategic positioning of hydrogen in our green low-carbon energy transition and is an important tool for achieving carbon peaks and carbon neutrality in the future.
China ' s petrochemical industry is the largest in three barrels of oil, relying on its mature refining operations to produce hydrogen, and continues to expand the green-electric hydrogen industry, while the largest number of gas stations are able to effectively secure transport and hydrogen. On 14 July 2022, the company organized the Forum on the Advancement of the Development of the Modern Industrial Chain for Hydrogen Energy Applications and Quality Development with Henan Airport.
On September 2, 2022, China's petrochemicals published a cooperation agreement on the construction of the hydrogen energy industry chain.
A medium- and long-term development strategy for hydrogen energy applications has accelerated the construction of China’s first hydrogen energy company.