Investment fluctuations affect profit performance, and the liabilities are expected to take the lead in China's life (601628.sh) event: China's life report, 2023, and the company's operating income, 83,78,559 million in 2023
Wang Qing Dynasty is expected to take the lead in stabilizing the liabilities, with the volatility of the investments delaying the performance of the profits.
With a value of $36,860 million, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the same period in 2022 (after restatement of the application of the new economic assumptions), the new business value performance continues to lead the industry, and we believe that the life-threatening champions are expected to collide.
Optimized and solid marketing teams have taken the lead in achieving a steady rebound in indebtedness. 2) In terms of investment returns, they were affected by a difficult and complex capital market situation in 2023, with solidized assets and entitlements.
\triangleright: $34,646 million, or +10.4 per cent, as of the end of 2023, 634,000 people were in danger sales, and the size of the team was the first to stabilize within the industry, and sales were driven by the series of "G8 Works" reforms.
\triangleright co-operated with a total annual income of 78.748 billion yuan, or 24.2 per cent of the first year of the year.
Insurance premiums increased by 8.5% per cent for the same season on the silver insurance channel, with a per capita pay-as-you-go investment: to maintain a negative matching of capital, flexibility in investment operations, and a steady increase in the size of investment assets. In the context of low interest rates and equity market shocks, the ratio of investment assets to bond-type assets has increased steadily.
The investment end as a whole is exposed to low interest rates, stock market shocks and high-quality unmarked assets
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing: Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: The company continues to push ahead with the series of “Ten Works” reforms, constantly upgrading the supply of products and services, leading the venture agent business, professionalizing the sales team,
Professionalization and integration have had a remarkable effect, while companies have always maintained prudential operations and strict enforcement of new rules, such as the “Bank One”, and we believe that the growth of the inner dynamics of corporate indebtedness is expected to grow, while the overall investment level remains robust and the macro-policy “package” is falling.
In the local context, long-end interest rates at the end of the investment and equity market performance may or may be expected to repair and drive risk factors: persistent downswings in macroeconomics; hardship in proxies and declining productivity leading to loss of staff; large fluctuations in capital markets; and continued downswings in consumer preferences.
Figure 1: Insurance premiums for new policies (millions of dollars) and speed of increase Figure 3: Number of agents (millions) and speed of increase components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.