China's life (601628.sh) has been stifled, the value of the premiums has increased twice, the size of the premiums has been historically high, and the level of dividends has fallen on the same scale. In 2023, Chinese life achieved operating income.
The median premium income structure has been optimized, resulting in an initial annual contribution of $112.57 billion, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the previous three years, up from nearly three years. Companies have accumulated the benefits of building an integrated financial system with double premium and value increases, as a result of capital market fluctuations and accounting standard adjustments. Companies have continued to make a transition to the "eight-Big Project"
Strategies to create eco-building in "Big Health + Big Old Age". 1) Risks: To promote a complete transformation of the top 52 weeks/lowest price per agent and premium income structure, and to strengthen the value contribution of the channels.
With tight regulation, the premium revenue from the silver insurance channel has increased by 24.2% on a year-to-year basis, with a prominent advantage being highlighted. Among these, the Bank’s synergies helped to achieve the first annual surcharge of $1.8 billion. 3) Integrated finance: building a “life insurance plus” system, diversified layout of product ecology, and achieving 23.6 billion dollars in co-financing of property insurance companies.
At the bottom of the interest rate, the investment rate assumption and the risk discount rate are revised downwards. In the context of continued asset-side pressure on China Life (601628.sh) - Old Age Opportunities, Promotion of Marketing Reform, corporate investment rate performance is high, and China corporate accounting standards achieve totals.
The rate of return on investment and the net return on investment of 2.68 per cent and 3.77 per cent, a decline of 1.26 pt and 0.23 pt over the same period.
Life in China (601628.sh) - The size and growth are coupled with a double increase in the value of the premium, with an increase of 4.74 pt in bond-type assets and a decrease of 1.39 pt in equity-type assets. Life in China (601628.sh) - Second quarter channels and new singles stabilized, equity-type assets
Investment Recommendations: Based on the transformational adjustment of the personal risk industry and asset-end earnings pressure, we revised down 2024 Chinese Life (601628.sh) - 2022 - Quarterly Review - secure channels. In 2023, new accounting standards for the insurance sector were implemented to increase volatility in corporate profit schedules, adding to the continuing low volatility of capital markets.
In 2023, there was a certain decline in the company ' s profit performance, with the company accumulated a net return profit of $21.11 billion, and the effect of the decline in the same year on the volatility of the risky corporate profit statement was mainly on two aspects: first, a large number of equity assets were designated as fvtpl, directly increasing the volatility of the profit statement. Under the new financial instrument guidelines, the equity asset was designated as fvoci, and the decision was made when the equity asset was designated as fvoci.
The policy is irrevocable, only dividends can be recorded as gains or losses, and the difference in the purchase and sale price at disposal cannot be accounted for as gains or losses, but only as retention gains. Thus, insurance companies classify large amounts of equity assets as financial assets (fvtpl) measured at fair value and their movements recorded as gains or losses in the current period, and changes in the fair value of financial assets resulting from changes in capital markets have a greater impact on the profit statement.
The main subjects under the old guidelines relating to the accounting of investment returns are investment returns, gains and losses on fair value changes and losses on impairment of assets; the main relevant subjects under the new guidelines are interest income, investment gains, gains and losses on fair value changes, and loss on credit impairments, with specific formulae and calculation processes being referred to in the table above.
“Income income” reflects financial assets classified as amortized at amortized cost under the new financial instrument guidelines and as interest income calculated on the basis of the actual interest rate method for financial assets classified as amortized cost and whose movements are included in other combined gains.” Impairment losses reflect credit losses that enterprises are prepared to identify as credit losses on the basis of the new financial instrument guidelines.
The strategy continues to be optimized, and we expect an increase of 4 pt in the corporate share of assets in the fvoci equity category to take advantage of high-scoring equity allocation opportunities and reduce volatility in profit schedules. Figure 4: China ' s rate of return on life investments (in %)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject