The company's leader has determined that the tire ship has re-emerged for a trillion races, that the company's deep-dry tyre industry (601058.sh) is 20 loads, that production capacity is advancing steadily, and that for the first time, it is covered with a "buy-in" rating.
The company, as the country’s tire industry’s leader, has been working deep for 20 years, and is currently building both domestic and foreign capacity to grow and expand. As the company’s projects in Shenyang, Kanyang, Cambodia, and Viet Nam continue, we anticipate that in 2023 the company will have about 82.6 million design capacity, an increase of about 69% from 2020.
The company has already started a new round of expansion of its capacity, and its performance is expected to grow at a high rate; the firm's executives and directors are all together for long-term corporate development and valuation repair. We predict that the company's net return profits in 2021-2023 will be the ultimate realist for Chairman Yuan Jin, leading the company to start a new round of expansion of its capacity, running a trillion-dollar race.
In March 2021, the company was awarded an additional approval, Chairman Yuan became the real control of the company after the final increase was completed, the share of the Xinhua Federation dropped to 12.32 per cent, and Xinhua Federation now holds a total of 27.06 per cent of the company’s voting rights, further strengthening control over the company.
Global sales in the tyre industry are estimated at $166.66 billion a year, equivalent to RMB 1 trillion in market size, and companies will be investing in new projects in the future in the provinces of Pygmy, Cambodia, Vietnam, etc. We expect NRI to have strong R & D power in 2020-2023, with a clear competitive advantage of a “double-in” initial tax cut.
The company has developed non-road tyres for more than a decade, and its products have been widely recognized by its clients as a set supplier for Caterpillar. It has now deployed 160,000 tons of design capacity in Qingjia, Viet Nam, and is now in the harvest, tilling the harvest for many years.
The “liquid gold” smelting technology breaks the law of the Devil Triangle and will gradually be applied to the future in the bulk production of tyres. In the “double reverse” initial determination, the firm's countervailing tax rate is 6.23%, and the anti-dumping rate is 0%, which is significantly lower than that of other firms.
The company's long-drawn tire industry for 20 years has always insisted on making a good tyre.
The Meridian Tires Information Production Model Base, Ltd., was established in 2002 as a research demonstration base for the National Centre for the Study of Rubber and Tyre Engineering Technology, and as the country ' s first demonstration site for the production of new materials, new technologies, new equipment, new processes, new management models as a whole. The company ' s first tyre was delineated in 2003 and was made public in 2006.
The first full steel test was successful. According to the offer note, in 2007 the company began to build 10 million new semi steel midday projects, and at the end of 2008 it achieved 1.5 million annual production capacity, and at the end of 2009 it achieved 5.1 million annual production capacity for semi steel midday birth, and the first full steel midday test was successful in the same year.
The company landed in the capital market in June 2011 as China’s first citizen-run tyre company, a company with a strong and stable 20-year track record, and for almost 20 years, the company has been dedicated to the task of “making a good tyre.”
The company’s main products are now full steel meridian wheels, semi-steel meridian tyres, non-road tyres, etc., which are widely used in the areas of cars, light-loaded cars, buses, etc. The recycling products consist mainly of retreading tyres, tires, glues, wires, etc.
Replacement, retreading of used tyres, regenerative manufacture, steel production, etc. 1.2. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The offer was approved. Two investors from Yuan and Ying Yuen have issued 409 million shares. After the launch, the sum of 13.51 per cent of the share held by Yin was the company’s first shareholder, 97 per cent of the share held by Yuan and 3 per cent of the share held by Xinhua Federation. At present, the share held by Xinhua Federation has fallen to 12.32 per cent.
In total, 27.06 per cent of the shares in which she has voting rights are: (1) Yuan has a direct share of 7.08 per cent; (2) Unites have a strong share of 13.51 per cent; (3) Unites have an investment share of 2.53 per cent; (4) Unites have a direct share of 0.13 per cent; (5) Unites have a direct share of 0.08 per cent; and (6) Yuan has a direct share of 6.
Snow is entrusted with managing 3.65% of the shares of Duyu. Yuan's control over the company has been further strengthened, while the unification of directorship and physical control will help to implement the company's expansion plan, further improve the company's competitiveness, and help repair the company's valuation.
During the period 2015 - 2020, the company performed at the price of raw materials The company achieved a quantitative increase in its tyre business, contributing more than 70% of its revenue. During the period 2015 - 2020, the company was active.
The Bureau currently has four major production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang and Viet Nam. In 2020, the volume of company tyres sold increased in real terms, and in 2020, the share of sales of tyre products in total revenue amounted to 90.42 per cent, with the remainder representing other business income, such as the trade in tyres and raw materials.
Figure 5: The share of tyre products in 2020 was 90% (in billions of yuan) and figure 6: Māori rates of company tyres are subject to price fluctuations in raw materials. Companies insist on a globalized development strategy, with overseas areas receiving more than 70% of Māori.
Since its inception, the emphasis on internationalization and the continuous development and improvement of global marketing systems and networks has now become a global marketing system focused on marketing companies and service centres in North America, Asia, Europe, etc. As North America and Europe are the world’s leading consumer markets for tyres, companies have been operating rapidly abroad in recent years.
The Department ' s overseas operations, which reached $10.961 billion, accounted for 71.15 per cent of the total company revenues, Māori operations abroad, a combined annual growth rate of 9.68 per cent, and revenue and Māori, which remained at over 70 per cent, represent the company ' s main profit company, with an overall downward trend in the cost and cost-control capacity.
The decline of 1.44 pcts is due mainly to the company’s reliance on informatics to improve the efficiency of its management and to provide significant support to companies’ shipping companies. In 2019 and 2020, the modest increase in the company’s lifetime was due mainly to the company’s performance, which we believe is gradually increasing its ability to control costs, and the cost rate is being properly controlled, which is also profitable for the company.
1.4. The company is actively deployed overseas, and the pace of expansion is rising again. As of April 2021, the company had four major tire production bases in Qingdao, Dong-bang, Shen-yang and Viet Nam.
Production bases in Cambodia are being built. According to the 2020 annual report, 10000 steel meridian tyres were set up in 2020, with real capacity of 41.5 million; non-road tyres were designed to produce 160,000 tons/year, with real capacity of 3 million + Shenyang factories in three years + 1.2 million + mills in three instalments in Viet Nam) and half a million steel tires are being built and are awaiting release.
With the completion of the above-mentioned construction projects and the continuous release of production capacity, we expect that by the end of 2021 the company will have achieved approximately 55.4 million tyre capacity: total steel capacity is about 10.4 million, half steel is about 45 million and non-road is about 90 million.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company issued three foreign investment announcements, in which it announced that it would invest about $3 billion a year in the wheels, and that it would spend 1.2 million high-performance, full-scale, mid-line tyres and 6 million high-performance tyres.
Half steel meridian tires project; approximately 1.2 billion yuan was invested in the “Cambodian Meridian Wheels Project, which produces 5 million steel and half steel wheels per year”, and the initial construction period of the project was expected to be 36 months (Viet Nam), 8 months (minority), 24 months (Cambodia 10,000 tyres: total steel production capacity of about 15.6 million, half steel births of about 6,700 and non-road births of about 160,000 tons, respectively.
After Viet Nam, the company repositioned its overseas site in Cambodia and built its plant, with its unique local raw material resources and low labour costs, and its performance is expected to rise to a new stage 2, the potential of the tyre replacement market, and the rise of the country’s tire production.
2.1. Demand end: The domestic tyre replacement market has a strong potential for demand, which can be divided into slashed tyres and mid-line tyres depending on the structure of the tyre. The biggest difference between meridian tyres and slashed tyres is that the curtain line is arranged differently, and the slashed tyres are among the early tyre varieties, their embryos.
The line of the meridian tires is arranged in a cross-section between the cortex and the layer; the line of the meridian tires is parallel to the outer section of the locomotive, arranged like the earth's meridian, with an angle of 0°. The slant tyres have such disadvantages as high fuel consumption, low grinding, short life, and are superior in terms of energy efficiency, safety and comfort during high speeds, durability, etc.
So now most of the tires are meridian tyres. The meridian tyres are divided into full steel meridian tyres and half steel meridian tyres, which are high-speed, lightweight and air-tight, mostly used in cars and cards, and the whole steel meridian tires, which are more heavy, mostly in heavy commercial vehicles.
Figure 10: Crossing between the lined and the layer of the slashed tires Figure 11: The line of the meridian tires is close to the outer section of the tire
Pattenbufferbreaker
Carcast Innerliner
Pillium, trigonoline, sidewallrubber.
♪ Beadfiler ♪ ♪ Beadfiler ♪
The market for tires, beadwire tyres, can be divided into matching and replacement markets, depending on demand.
The demand depends mainly on the output of downstream firms; the replacement market refers to the demand for tyres to replace used tyres, which depends mainly on current vehicle holdings and the frequency with which tyres are replaced. The global replacement sales ratio has increased, and the replacement market has gradually become the main battleground for the major brands of tyres.
Tyre sales were 17.05/17. 58/18.09/18.22/17.93/1577 million, with replacements increasing, respectively, to as much as 75 per cent in 2020. In 2020, in the replacement market, the sales of live and light tires amounted to 1,020 million, or 86.57 per cent of the sales and 64.68 per cent of the total sales of tyres.
The importance of the replacement market in the global tyre market has gradually been highlighted, and the replacement market has become a necessity for major brands.
2.1.1 Accompanied markets: At a time of low growth in global automobile sales, China has become the world’s largest vehicle market, with the global economy becoming globalized, shifting the global automobile manufacturing industry from the developed countries of Europe and the United States to developing countries such as Asia and the Pacific and South Africa. China’s infrastructure has gradually improved.
With 13.6 million cars sold in 2009, China has become the world’s largest vehicle market. In recent years, the world’s automobile sales have increased at a negative growth rate, as a result of low market sales in China’s main consumer region, and in 2018, according to the Oica data, from 2017 to 2019.
The annual global car market was affected by the epidemic, with a sharp decline in production, with 77,621,600 vehicles, or 1.9 per cent, of the same year-on-year production, and global car sales entering a period of low growth, with an increase in or a limitation on the acreage market. Since the twenty-first century, global production has been increasing.
Car sales are on the fast track, car holdings are rising, and the base for automobile sales is already at a high level, and automobile sales are going into a short adjustment period. From China’s point of view, our economy is moving from high-speed to medium- and high-speed growth, while the policy of reducing vehicle purchase taxes by half has been phased out of the market, and consumers are willing to buy cars.
On October 21, 2018, Deputy Minister Shin Guobin stated that the period of high growth in automobile sales had passed, low growth or the normal pattern of future growth. We believe that China, as the world’s largest vehicle market, has a significant impact on global automobile sales.
During the period of rapid development, the future growth of the corresponding tyre-backed market is limited and heavily dependent on the recovery of the car market. 2.1.2, replacement market: the replacement market is closely linked to the vehicle stock, and there is still much room for growth in the domestic market.
The impact of the slowdown in the growth rate, the downturn in the global automobile market, the negative increase in the volume of automobile sales for three consecutive years since 2018, which had grown to 1,419 million by 2018, with an average compound growth rate of 4.25 per cent per year, is a strong guarantee of demand in the replacement market.
According to the Chinese Air Association, in 2020, 25,225 thousand cars and 25,311,000 cars were sold, the world’s largest in 12 consecutive years. According to the Ministry of Public Security and the Stateista, the gap between the United States and the United States in terms of vehicle holdings was gradually narrowing between 2015 and 2019, and the country’s vehicle holdings were increasing rapidly.
According to the search-for-Fox network, China had 281 million cars in 2020, the number of which was the highest in the world alongside the United States. Although our total holdings are among the world’s leading, as a country with a large population, we still have low levels of vehicle holdings of 1,000 people. According to World Bank data, we are compared to the United States.
The size of the country is close, with a population more than four times that of the United States, but in 2019 we had 173 cars for thousands of people, or about one-fifth of the United States. According to a worldwide news report, in April 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission said that in 2019 we had just reached the global average. We believe that, with our economic development, we are living in the country.
With higher levels of consumption and improved consumption structure, the country’s motor vehicle holdings are expected to grow for thousands of people, there is still much room for growth in car holdings, and there is still much room for domestic demand for replacements in the future. Asia’s future region will be the main force in the global demand for replacements.
The demand for replacements continues to grow. According to the annual report of Michelin, in 2019, there were 1,324 million replacements worldwide, an increase of 0.39 per cent over 2018, although the demand for replacements is still on the rise as a result of the global decline in vehicle sales and the slowdown in demand for replacements. Of these, the US has the highest number of replacements, 421 million, still in the region;
The Asian region (except India) registered 365 million sales, an increase of 1.30 per cent in the same year, the fastest growing replacement sales in 2019; Europe registered 399 million sales, a decrease of 1.66 per cent in the same year, the only region with a negative growth. In 2020, global sales fell to 1,178 million, a decline of 11 per cent.
The Asian region, with 331 million replacements, fell by 9.39% compared to the previous year, below the global decline, mainly because the Chinese epidemic was under control in a timely manner and market demand recovered earlier. So we think that, with the gradual increase in the level of economic development in the leading Asian countries, such as China, a shift in consumer consumption philosophy will drive car retention.
The demand for replacements in Asia will continue to grow in the future, with volume growth. 2.2. Supply ends: international leaders are strong, Chinese tyres are rising by 2.2.1. Global: the share of international leaders is falling, and Chinese brands are rising strongly.
The tyre industry has evolved over the years, has reached maturity, is more concentrated, and basic competition patterns have developed. According to the China Industry Information Network, the global tyre industry can now be divided into four ladders: the first one is Michelin, Pristom, and solid.
Speciality, the dominance of the three major corporations, whose sales have been in the first three branches of the industry for a long time and whose products are concentrated at the top of the industry, in the use of cars, in the light card midday market; in the second, in the mainland, in the bellows, in Hantai, etc., in the medium and high end, in the light card midday market; and in the third, in the case of the emerging tyre industry, in the form of medium rubber, ling tires, and so on.
The fourth team, which is dominated by small and medium-sized tyre private enterprises, is positioned in low-end markets. The global tyre industry has declined in concentration, and the Chinese tyre corps have gradually emerged, competing for a trillion race.
Tire business (trirebusiness) data, in 2000, cr3 (Puliston, Michelin, solidity) sold US$ 39,675 million, representing 56.8 per cent of total global tyre sales, and the global tyre industry sold around US$ 166.6 billion in 2019, corresponding to about US$ 1 trillion in market size.
Global tyre market concentration declined, with sales of the global tyre market cr3 falling to 37.8% in 2019, down 19 pcts; the market share of cr5 also fell from 67.8% in 2000 to 48.8% in 2019, with the same drop of 19 pcts. China’s tyre industry started late, but thanks to a rapid increase in manufacturing levels in China.
The growth of the tyre industry in China is closely linked to the domestic automobile industry, and as our cars enter a period of rapid growth since 2000, the tyres have also grown rapidly as part and part of the vehicle’s requirements. According to the tyre business data, the period 2000-2010 was one of the world’s 75 largest.
The total global sales and market share of tyre enterprises on the mainland grew rapidly. In 2000, their sales totalled only $5,528 million, or 3.63 per cent of the world ' s sales, and in 2010, they totalled $17,871 million, or 11.6 per cent. The global market share of tyre enterprises on the mainland of China entered a period of volatility, and in 2019 they entered China, the world ' s 75-strong largest.
A total of $23.42 billion was sold by the mainland tyre industry, with a global market share of 14.1 per cent, an increase of 10.47 pcts over the year 2000. During the 20 years, Chinese tyres, represented by race tires, have gradually moved to the international stage and Chinese tire brands have gradually entered the global consumer perspective.
Figure 21: Downward trends in the global market share ofcr3,cr5 in the last 20 years 12 issues.2007; Junior Sue. World tyre 75 top rankings for 2002[j]. Automobiles and accessories 12 issues for 2007; Junior Sue 75 tops for 2002[j]. Automobiles and accessories
2.2.2. Domestic: Head tyre enterprises have expanded their advantages, industry concentration is expected to increase The country’s tyre industry has a low-end output capacity and start-up rate is consistently low. After years of coarse development, China, while becoming the world’s largest tyre producer, is faced with low-end tyre overcapacity, small tyre branding and
Since 2015, many small and medium-sized tyre businesses have been unable to continue operating against the backdrop of “double-reverse” sanctions in the United States, tighter national environmental regulations, and stronger lending approval by banks. According to China’s tires business network, there were around 554 tyres in 2014 and around 2016.
China’s tyre mills have been operating at a constant rate of 70-80% per year, and there is an urgent need to address the overcapacity of low end-products. Large-scale tyre mills in the country have had a significant advantage.
Five enterprises, namely, China Rubber, Linglong Tires, Racer Tyres, Shandong Heung Feng Rubber, and Shandong Pinghua: Central Acorn; Racer Tyre sales of $2,039 million, 17th place; Heung Fung Rubber sales of $1,797 million, 20th place; Shandong Pinghua sales of $1,504 million, 22nd place.
With China’s head tyre business successfully opening its foreign market, the global market for Chinese tire brands is rising, and the country’s head tyre business is opening up.
For example, in 2021, q1 invested a total of about $4.9 billion in the "Crying Wheels (Viet Nam) 3 million semi-steel meridian tyres per year, 1 million steel meridian tyres and 50,000 tons of non-road tyres" project, and "Crying Wheels (the mill) produced 1.2 million high-performance full-duty meridian tyres and 6 million high-performance semi-strates per year."
The Meridian Tyres Project and the Cambodia Meridian Tyre Project, which produces 5 million steels a year. We believe that domestic tyre companies are well-funded, financed by a variety of sources, clearly planned production capacity, diversified client structure, and able to carry forward their own expansion plans in an orderly manner. With the release of new capacity, the market share of head tires is expected to re-emerge.
In 2020, the country clearly set a target of “Category peaks in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060”, and the tyre industry affects carbon emissions mainly in two ways: (1) production processes, where tyres consume large amounts of high-carbon fossil energy from raw material processing to product production.
In the production process, all types of oil downstream products also consume large amounts of coal and electricity energy. (2) Product use, low-rolling tyres can be reduced indirectly by increasing the ability of cars to save oil. The country’s head tyre industry is technologically ahead, well-funded, strategically planned, and led by a green low-carbon layout.
A demonstration project for the reuse of used tyres for retreading was completed in the year, fully realizing the secondary efficient use of used resources; At the same time, new materials for “liquid gold” vec sheet rubber were developed in race tires, reducing tyre rollbacks and fueling vehicles to achieve fuel-saving targets. Less-than-scale low-end production is unlikely to meet environmental targets and may be at risk of closure.
We believe that, as environmental tests become more stringent in the future, low-end domestic production capacity will face greater challenges, with the possibility of mergers and acquisitions or direct exits from the market by top firms, and that head extension + low-end production will have a double effect on the concentration of industries, and low-end production in the small provinces of Yamatosandong will be speedier, with unprovoked competition expected to improve.
On April 12, 2021, the leadership group for the construction of the new, old and dynamic energy conversion complex in Shandong Province issued " Implementing the three determined action programmes throughout the province (2021-2022) " , which states that by 2022, less than 1.2 million steels were produced annually, mid-day (engineering tyres, aeronautical tyres, wide-cut no insides) and half-streets less than 5 million were born annually.
Tandong is traditionally the Chinese province of tyres, whose tyre industry supports half of the country’s tyre industry, and the export of tyres in 2019, according to RTN.
This round of policy is clear and clear in time, and is expected to be completed in 2022. It is expected that the overall balance of industrial output and structural excellence will be promoted quickly. We note that China’s tyre industry is expected to continue to increase in concentration over the next two years, with a marked increase in the rate of urbanization of domestic head enterprises.
National tire brands are gaining market recognition and branding influence. China’s tyres are developing their initials on a low price-for-money basis, with little investment in brand marketing, and few representative Chinese brands on the global market. This has improved in recent years, and Chinese tyre companies are gradually becoming aware of brands.
The importance of marketing, the introduction of branding through new media operations, competition sponsorship, and the growing influence of China’s tyre brands. According to Worldbrandlab, tire brands such as wheel tyres, Linglong tires, and Qingshima Twin Stars were selected in 2020 in China’s 500 Most Valuables.
Tires will gradually move into the eyes of more consumers, be recognized in the global market, and increased brand visibility will help these tyre firms to gain more brand premiums in the future. 2.3. New domestic energy vehicles will start to grow early, and domestic tire brands are expected to enter medium- and high-end markets.
Domestic tyre multi-positioned medium- and low-end markets, and the need to cut into medium- and high-end markets is urgent. Domestic tyre products are still priced at low prices, with fewer medium- and high-end products. Our well-known tyre operator website in the United States is simpletire based on 235/55r18 (235 for wide birth, 55 for flat ratio, r for noon line and 18 for wheel diameter/unit.
(Inches) The specifications were searched and the speed level v was selected uniformly, with a load factor of 100 products to capture the price of the same branded tyres. Of these, the three giants had prices of about $203-244, the second-line brand Han Tai had prices of about $163, the mainland had prices of about $173, and the race tires and specifications were sold at less than $120.
There is still a big gap with the price of a second-line brand. In general, the first tire brand that consumers are exposed to is the back-to-back tyre when they buy a car, while consumers can easily link the original factory to a high quality, so entering the auto-oe tire market will help the brand image.
Lately and with a longer period of validation of the caroe tires market, now mainstream car companies have developed long-term and stable partnerships with first-line tyre businesses, which urgently need an opportunity to break down. New energy cars bring new demand growth points.
The Circular on the Extension of Energy Vehicles introduced a series of subsidy policies that set the start-up key for the fast-growing of our new energy vehicles. According to the Chinese Air Association, the sale of our new energy vehicles will increase to 20 per cent of the total in 2020 to 13,66,000 vehicles and to 20 per cent of the total in 2020, respectively.
In the strategy, we believe that an increase in penetration and demand for new energy vehicles is expected to bring new demand to the tyre-backed and replacement markets. China’s new energy vehicles are synchronized with developments abroad, and domestically produced tyres are expected to enter the mid-to-high-end markets with new energy vehicles.
The development of the tyre industry has been accompanied by the development of the automobile industry, which started late and began with a low-end vehicle model that is economically appropriate. At the same time, the entire factory at the middle and high end of the country has become bound to the first-line tyre enterprise abroad.
In contrast to traditional fuel cars, China’s new energy source cars are largely in line with the start-up time of new energy cars abroad, and the product is more diversified, with such new drivers as the upper-middle- and upper-end-placed ones and the small pelicans. In recent years, the country’s new energy vehicles have also been a frequent source of money.
This is a key window period for Chinese tyre companies to cut into a whole car factory, and if they succeed in cutting into a new energy-based bursting vehicle, or directly raise the brand profile of national tyres, laying the groundwork for further cutting into medium-to-high-end markets. New-energy cars impose new requirements on tyres, and new-sized tyres are actively laid out in new products.
The change of combustion engines to electric motors has also created a new demand for tyre performance. New-energy car tyres chase low-rolling barriers, low noise, high-strength ground forces: (1) Low-rolling barriers: Continuing mileage is an important indicator of new-energy vehicles. First, low-rolling barriers can efficiently save electricity and increase mileage: (2) Low noise: new-energy cars have no engines.
Users will be more sensitive to the noise of the whole car, and tyre noise reduction is also a major claim; (3) high-strength ground strength: new-energy cars have a more robust 100-km acceleration than conventional fuel trucks and require more ground-stroke tires. In the face of new-energy cars, the Chinese tyre industry has started a positive layout for tyres.
The company won a bell prize in 2019 for the production of a special ev-specific tyre, with a special twig that can reduce roll and noise, boost its carrying power and grab capacity. According to the company announcement, the wheel tyres are now working together with the new energy sources of the North and the new energy sources of Chir. We look forward to the wheel tyres being used as home-grown tyres.
The leaders, with their accumulated research and development strength, growing brand influence, excellent product performance, will actively capture the new energy vehicle window period, re-enhance in the race, and will be able to continue to “make a good tire” in the area of the new energy vehicle.
2.4 Cost end: Raw materials are the key to controlling the cost of tyres. According to the China Industrial Information Network, in 2019, natural rubber accounted for 25 per cent of the total cost of raw materials and synthetic rubber for 25 per cent.
The price of these three types of materials, which together account for 68 per cent of the cost of raw materials, compares with the cost of tyres in figure 27: the cost of raw materials is 81 per cent of the cost of tyres in figure 28: natural and synthetic rubber are the most important raw materials for tyres
Starting in the second half of 2020, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon blacking, and tyre assistants rose, and the rapid upswing of raw materials put more pressure on tyre businesses. According to the Global Wide Web, since February 2021, Michelin, Gatong tyres, medium rubber, wheels and wheels.
According to Intel, the prices of rubber and carbon blacks began to fall in late March. In 2021, the production areas began with a good overall schedule, with only a few factories starting early in April but not yet pre-sold, after heavy rains in mid-April.
In view of the current situation with regard to the release of glue, it is expected that more glue will be released in April/May than in the same period in previous years, and that new glue will be fully released or around mid-May.
According to information research, Viet Nam is now about half a month earlier than in previous years. With the current dynamism of rubber farmers and the recent heavy rains and favourable weather conditions, it is expected that the release of new glue will increase significantly after May.
There have been repeated outbreaks in Thailand since mid-April, resulting in a shortage of glues, which will continue to affect output to some extent. In terms of recent prices for the purchase of raw glue from Thailand, it has not yet been possible to show a significant drop in the current level of release of new glue, but it is expected that it will be removed after May.
As the price of carbon blacks rose continuously from September 2020 to the end of March, the initial downward trend became apparent, and the price of carbon blacks is now at an all-time high from 2017 to 2021, with little or no access, and the carbon black industry is now working at a higher level and the market as a whole is well supplied. We believe that as raw materials are priced,
Natural rubber is one of the keys to controlling costs. Because natural rubber accounts for a larger share of tyre production costs, tyre businesses seek solutions.
Industrial chains acquire natural rubber plantations, such as Pristom and Michelin; and, secondly, build plants in areas rich in natural rubber production to reduce the cost of procurement, such as in Viet Nam, and in Thailand. At present, building plants in natural rubber production has become a natural option for domestic tyre companies to walk out of the country.
Three, the company's leader is settled, the tire ship is re-opening the 300 million races, 3.1, the stock changes are settled, and the company's leader, Yuan Jung-suk, is now one of the first members of the race wheel.
A group of teachers and students (former Qingdao Chemical Institute) were founded by a school-based enterprise led by the company’s current director, Yuan Junyuki, and the original elite backbone of the wheel tires came from Qing Qing and the soft-controlled shares (Ying Jin Yu is the inter-controlr). The company’s shareholdings changed so that the actual control of the human being was finally settled.
Various strategic investors and managers were actively introduced at different times, with several changes in equity: (1) the company ' s first shareholder and the company ' s actual control of the person in charge of the company, 11.72 per cent of the individual holdings, and the company ' s actual control of the company prior to its listing in 2009; and the soft control of the shares (Yan Yu is the firm ' s real control) held 8.13 per cent of the shares and the triple oak.
In January 2014, after the company completed its 100% acquisition of the company’s share in the company’s gold industry company, the company’s shareholdings were reduced.
In December 2014, the name of the company was changed to "Cylons" and "Kim Woo" as the main brand. 2014 was the first year of the company's formal consolidated statements after the company had completed its takeover of Kim Woo, and since then, according to the annual report for 2015, the individual owner owned 6.45 per cent of the company.
Shareholdings are the real owners of the company; the Qingdao Jingming Investment Centre holds 3.37 per cent of the shares and the Dutyu Jing Jing Jing is its ordinary partner, so Qing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing is the co-operator; Yan Kim Feng holds 2.93 per cent of the shares; Soft Holding 2.58 per cent of the shares; Yeonghua holds 1.92 per cent of the shares and has signed an Agreement on the Management of the Transfer of Equity with Dutt Jing Zing to delegate the shares held.
(3) In 2017, the Federation of Xinhua held 115 million shares, or 5% of the total, on 3 July, through the investment in the Ping Guo-Pu Bian Trust Scheme 39, the Penghua Assets-Change Investment Asset Management Plan 22, and the direct increase in the number of places handed over. In the same year, the company completed a fixed increase, and the sum of 408 million shares was released for the purpose of raising the total amount.
At the end of the release, Xinhua Holdings and their co-activists held 350 million shares, or 12.96% of the total number of shares issued by the company.
The shareholding agreement signed by a natural person shareholder (4.15% of the shares in total), which together allowed the exercise of voting power to be 16.56%, is higher than the share of voting rights held by the Xinhua Federation and its co-actors, and remains in the company’s real control.
From 2.04 per cent of its total equity, the share held by Xinhua Federation and its co-actors has increased to 15 per cent, and the status of the real control agent remains unchanged. (4) In 2018, the company changed its name to “Royal Group Inc.”.
According to the annual report for 2018, the chief executive officer of the department, Yan Wanhua, resigned as chairman of the company. In his annual report for 2018, he held 9.54% of the shares, his co-operator, Xiaoming Xiaoming, 2.87% of the shares, his five natural person shareholders, including Yan Wanhua (4.88% of the shares), signed a trust agreement with him, and his personal holdings, 2.48% of the shares, and his control of the Qingjiang Yuan.
Unit 0.93 per cent) signed with it a concerted action agreement, with a share of 20.70 per cent in the voting power held by Du Jade, 11 natural person shareholders (8.23 per cent of the shares) including Yan Wanhua signed a trust agreement with her, and with Yuen ( 2.63 per cent of its personal holdings and 0.93 per cent of its controlled shares) signed a concerted action agreement with him.
The share share of voting rights is 24.20 per cent and is the actual controlling person of the company. (6) In 2021, the company was granted an increase in the share of undisclosed shares that were part of the incentive for this increase and buy-back, and upon completion, the proportion of the combined control of the shares of the company by its Chairman and its co-actors will be raised to 27.06 per cent.
We believe that the company has now broken through the obstacles of the evaluation repression, that the chairman and the realist have developed and managed well in the long run, and that the company is expected to recover. 3.2, the company’s domestic + overseas capacity is added, and in 2023, the company will be able to produce 80 million + 10,000 tyres.
At present, the company has built four major tyre production bases in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, and Viet Nam. According to the 2020 annual report, the company designed 13.8 million steel meridian tyres in 2020 and actually produced 7.5 million meridian tyres per year; 64,000 steel meridian tyres per year and 41.5 million per year in real terms; and non-public.
Road tires are designed to produce 160,000 tonnes/year, with an actual yield capacity of 73,000 tonnes/year. A total of 6.4 million additional steel tires are being built and are about to be released (1.2 million in Viet Nam + 3 million in Shenyang plant + 1.2 million in Viet Nam) and a total of 22.5 million steel tires are under construction and awaiting release (6.5 million in East Camp + 3 in Viet Nam).
5 million + 6 million + 5 million in Cambodia) and about 87,000 tonnes of non-road births are under construction and pending release (Twenty thousand + 64,000 tonnes in three instalments in Viet Nam). As the above-mentioned construction projects are launched and released, we expect that by the end of 2021 the company will have achieved about 55.4 million tyre capacity: about 10.4 million,
About 45 million steel and approximately 90 million non-road tires. The company accelerated the pace of expansion by investing in the construction of the Shenyang Project, which produces 3 million whole steel tyres each year, the Viet Nam Project, which produces 3 million half steel tyres + 1 million whole steel tyres + 50,000 tons of non-road tyres, and the Perimeter, 1.2 million all steels + 600
In view of the fact that technological improvements in the post-production period will result in additional capacity, we expect that in 2022 the company will have 14.1 million full steel, 61 million half steel and 130,000 non-road tires.
In 2023, the company will achieve 15.6 million full steel, 67 million half steel and 160,000 tons per year of non-road production capacity, and the annual production of tyres will exceed 80 million. The company will have an additional profit of nearly $1 billion in the future.
Each has achieved an operating income of RMB 1.2 billion and an average annual net profit of RMB 250 million; the Kwana project foresees an annual operating income of RMB 1,964 million, with a net profit of RMB 141 million; the three Viet Nam projects are expected to achieve an average annual income of RMB 2,847 million, with a net profit of RMB 604 million.
Roughly $1 billion. Based on the progress of corporate projects, we see that in 2022-2023, the company ' s profits were 3.3, the distribution networks were spread across Europe and Asia, the company achieved global industrial profile 3.3.1, the advantages of corporate globalization were evident, and North America ' s distribution channels were prominent.
The demand for replacement markets is higher than the demand for tyres, while the foreign automobile industry started at an early stage, with an earlier high level of car holdings and a large market for replacements. So the company has been in the market since its inception, insisting on a globalized development strategy, with a 70% share of overseas revenue.
Since its establishment, companies have focused on internationalization and have continued to improve and improve their global marketing systems and networks. Corporate products have been exported to more than 100 countries and regions abroad, and there is now a global coverage that focuses on sales companies and service centres in North America, Asia, Europe, etc., with sales representation in other regions.
The company has sales networks and service centres in Canada, Germany, Malaysia, etc. for the Americas, Europe, South-East Asia, and research and development centres in Europe, Viet Nam, and Canada, and the company’s globalized layout has contributed to global growth.
In 2016, the company acquired 100% ownership of the national horse, further strengthening the North American sales channel. According to the company announcement, on 18 July 2016, the fully-owned company, Shenyang and the Meridian Tyre Manufacturing Company, Ltd., established in Ontario, Canada, a fully-owned subsidiary, Foret rubber and 1672443ontarioinc., 1672444ontarioinc.,
" Equity Transfer Agreement " signed by elitestaroverseastringcorporation and a natural person, Timtappin.The agreement provides for the purchase of 15 per cent of the stockholdings of Goma internationalcorp.(NEM) of the four shareholders listed above at 30 million Canadian dollars.
Thanks to this acquisition, the company has its own marketing channels and customer resources, becoming the only national tyre company with a foreign sales counter. With the power of its marketing channels, the company has further opened up the North American market and raised the market.
Its semi-steel tyre products are competitive in the North American market.
In order to help the company further open up the international market, and to circumvent United States anti-dumping sanctions on Chinese tyres, the company invested in manufacturing plants in the province of Sining, Viet Nam, in 2012. The round was founded in 2012 and started generating profits in 2015, producing bases in Viet Nam.
The bulk of the tyres are exported to North America, benefiting from the high demand generated by the developed automobile industry in the United States, with the company Viet Nam’s subsidiary growing at an average compound annual rate of 44.78% in 2015-2020; a net profit at an average compound rate of 90.84% per year; and a net interest rate with low production costs and tax incentives that are the main cause of high profits in the run-off Viet Nam.
The price of natural rubber is lower than the price of domestic rubber purchases. According to data on the moor, on April 23, 2021, the price of natural rubber from Qingdao port, Thailand, was RMB 11,200 per ton, and the price of one rubber from the south was RMB 134,000 per ton. The foreign price of the rubber was clearly higher.
Transport costs are lower, and the foreign rubber price advantage will increase further. As mentioned earlier, rubber costs are higher than tyres, and low-cost raw materials can effectively reduce production costs; (2) labour costs are lower. Domestic tyre factories, such as race wheels, ling tyres, medium-set rubber, are more likely to go to Thailand and Viet Nam.
In order to encourage foreign investment in Viet Nam’s construction plants, the Vietnamese government has implemented a tax relief policy, with the South of the Riviera as an example, the Ministry of Finance of Viet Nam has confirmed that the total investment of the race round in Viet Nam by March 2015 is not less than 6 trillion VND.
If the number of employees exceeds 3.000 per year since 2017, the following tax benefits are granted: for 15 years, the enterprise income tax is 10%, exempt from the enterprise income tax from the date on which the taxable income is generated, and for the following nine years, 50% of the enterprises are charged a “double-in” initial punitive tax rate in Viet Nam, with the company either taking the lead in a new round of competition.
According to the U.S. National Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Commerce has continued to publish the results of its initial “double countervailing” decision: November 20, US business.
On 30 December, the United States Department of Commerce announced an anti-dumping duty on tyres imported from the Republic of Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, Viet Nam, and an anti-dumping rate of 0 per cent to 22.30 per cent, including anti-dumping on wheels.
The tax rate is zero per cent. According to the results of the “double inverse” initial determination, Viet Nam was less affected in the surveyed area, while the anti-dumping countervailing duty rate faced by the wheel tires was only 6.23 per cent, the lowest rate among all tyre enterprises disclosed. At the same time, the demand in the US market for replacements was on the rise as a whole, despite the epidemic.
The total number of tyres exported to the United States in the four regions surveyed was 85 million, representing 16.19 per cent of the total demand for tyres in the United States, and the supply end of imported tyres in the United States could not be fully replaced within a short period of time. Therefore, we do not believe that this “double reverse” would have a significant impact on the performance of the company, but rather on the basis of this.
The second “reverse” in the first round will have the lowest tax rate on wheel tyres, which will provide a competitive advantage for companies that will take advantage of the future competition in the United States market, take advantage of the market further and earn higher profits. Non-road tyres + exclusive “liquid gold” technology, with strong R & D power to drive the public.
Non-road tyres, or engineering meridian tyres, have good market prospects.
The market pattern is closely related to investment in global mining and infrastructure. According to China ' s tyre commercial network, the global market value of 2022 is expected to exceed $30 billion, or about 200 billion yuan, up from 2012.
About 50%. The growth point of the global market for otr tyres is mainly in the Asia-Pacific region, which accounts for about 50% of the global market, followed by North America and Europe. Steel, coal and steel sectors are cyclically warming, and companies are either benefiting from non-road tyre products.
In 2016, the state initiated structural supply-side reforms, which accelerated the process of industrial output. In this context, the prices of cyclical products, represented by coal and steel, rebounded, with the start-up rates of large coal and steel mining enterprises.
The industry pattern is improving, and the cumulative rate of completion of fixed-asset investment in the mining industry has also rebounded from 2016 to 2016, and the cumulative rate of completion of fixed-asset investment in the mining industry affected by the epidemic in 2020 has been negative. As the epidemic has subsided, the state has set the acceleration key for capital investment in order to get economic development back on track as soon as possible.
According to information, at the beginning of 2020, several ministries, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Transport and the National Energy Agency, worked to scale up effective investment, speed up approvals, tender proposals, intensify efforts to organize projects, and successively launched lists of trillions of investment plans in Yunnan and Henan, as well as a return to the upward trend in capacity utilization in the mining sector from April 2020 to 2021.3
75% of the month, while the cumulative value of fixed-asset investment in the mining industry was positive at the beginning of 2021. We believe that the coal, steel or coal industry under carbon neutrality and policy will either start a new round of supply-side reforms, supply tightening will help improve supply and demand relations, the overall industry will continue its trend of cyclical warming, and the company's non-road tyres will be on the rise.
According to China's tire business network, former global manufacturers of mechanical tyres, such as Michelin, Pristom, solidity, Yuko Hauma, have only race tires, trigonometric tyres, wind tires, and so on in China.
The company began to develop non-road tyres in 2008, successfully tested the first full steel meridian giant in 2009, and, after decades of persistent research and development, successfully delineated 63-inch meridian tyres made by the company in 2016. In the same year, the company was successfully selected to become Caterpillar in the United States.
One of the world's largest global leading producers of construction engineering machinery, mining equipment, diesel and gas engines, industrial gas turbines and electric combustion engines is Caterpillar's global supplier, who has amply demonstrated that the company's strength in non-road tyres has entered the world's lead.
In 2019, the company was evaluated for "the heart of the National Joint National Engineering Study for the application of mega-engineering mid-terms and new materials" , which marks the country’s recognition of the company’s giant tyre technology. According to the news news story, at a new festival in Qingjia in 2020, the wheels showed the world-class super-mines that they developed with hard-loaded tires of 53/80 r63ms403.
This is the world’s largest inch-class mega-engineering midday fetuse, both in size and quality-carrying capacity, which is the most advanced in the industry. According to the company’s annual report, the company’s mega-commodity product has entered about 70% of China’s large mining market and has become an ancillary supplier to four major engineering and mechanical manufacturers.
Tens of thousands of tonnes/year of designed capacity (included in construction) and capacity-building and energy release are progressing. We believe that, with the release of non-road tyre market demand, companies are expected to build up with the technology they have been working on for many years, and in this area, it is expected that the company will show its own giants at the Young Island Innovation Festival of 40:2020.
4.2. The company successfully developed the "Little Gold" to break the "demon triangle" of the three tyres, which refers to rolling resistance, humid and grinding resistance of the tyres. (1) The resistance to the humidity determines the ability of the tyres to catch land dry, wet and ice and snow surfaces, and the resistance to humid glitter.
The better the sex, the less easy cars to slip, the shorter the brake distance. (2) The rolling resistance is related to the fuel consumption of cars and the environmental protection. According to the paper " Effects of tyre rolling resistance on the economy of fuel throughout the vehicle " , tyre rolling resistance accounts for about 12 to 20 per cent of the entire vehicle ' s energy consumption. This suggests that tyre rolling resistance has a greater impact on the fuel consumption of cars.
It is mentioned that, as a result of several experiments, the rolling drag reduction rate and the fuel consumption savings rate are about 5:1, i.e., a rolling drag reduction of 20 per cent and a fuel saving rate of about 4 per cent. (3) Durability is directly linked to the tyre ' s lifetime, which directly reduces the frequency of tyre replacements and avoids waste of resources. Consumers have been seeking to have them in all three ways.
Excellent tyres, which, from the point of view of their formulation development, are less blocked and more resistant to grinding, and less resistant to humidity, constitute the “demon triangle” that is passed on by the population of the tyre industry.
Law. Founded in January 2013 as a research and development body directly attached to the National Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering, the Innovative Research and Development Organization, which combines basic research, applied research, development of key common technologies, industrial transformation into one body, specialized in new rubber materials, tyres and products, special rubber, rubber assistants and others.
Technology development, technical advice and technical services for fillings. In 2013, the company formally applied for a continuous liquid-complusion patent (a chemical-placing patent) and in March 2015, it was granted the first patent for the invention of liquid-complusive technologies.
Tyres are built to increase their anti-wet-sliding and grinding properties, and to reduce roll resistance, breaking the laws of the Devil's Triangle from the point of view of smelting techniques. In 2017, the company, together with the Imvey Rubber Research Institute, developed and applied demonstration techniques for the development and application of new technologies for the co-processing of tyres with synthetic rubber continuous fluids, and adopted the China Oil and Chemical Industry Consortium.
Organizes the expert's scientific and technical validation and agrees that the technology is at an international lead level. The product is named "vec gel" because it is combinated with continuous liquidity and is called "liquid gold." Liquid gold breaks the laws of the Devil's Triangle, changing from low-roll resistance, humidicity, grinding tolerance.
Good tyre type performance. Dr. Wang Mongyu was interviewed in the Rubber Technology and Equipment (rubber) journal, where it was mentioned that “liquid gold” is a synthetic glue/white carbon black glue that is legalized in continuous liquids and that has the advantage of simplicity, dispersion, good processing performance and a reduced energy consumption of more than 20% as compared to traditional rubber and fillings.
High interactivity and low interaction between fillings and fillings have led to dynamic lags in the rolling resistance of t-shirts, loss of t-shirt resistance, high loss of t-shirt resistance, high survivability factors for dyslexic performance of tyres, and a significant increase in the final performance of materials compared to traditional dry-combined rubber. In June 2017, international authority
The tyre detector idiada produced a written test certification report for many size-specific tyre products, such as companies, confirming that they all met the EU labelling level (a), rolling resistance indicators were above level (b), while the grinding index significantly increased by 15 per cent compared to traditional tyres, and that the combination was a world leader.
Tyres that use “gold liquids” have a level-a resistance capability, meaning that wheel brakes at speeds of 80 km/h can be reduced by 18 m from Level F tyres and increase the safety of vehicle use; and that tyre rollers can be raised from Level g to Level B so that cars can reduce fuel consumption by 560l at a distance of 100,000 km per movement.
The "Little Gold" technology has been applied to the company's whole steel and semi-steel products. According to the network of officials of the Institute for Research on Evidine Rubber, on 9 June 2020, the construction of the 300,000-ton chemical refining project of Yecca New Materials Ltd. was officially launched, which means that revolutionary green new material, eec, is being industrialized into the fast track.
Racer tyres indicate that production of more than 200,000 tyres in 2020 is expected to be produced from “liquid gold.” We believe that, with the company's improved production of tyres using “liquid gold” materials, the performance of its products is expected to improve considerably, which provides a solid basis for companies to cut into the mid-to-high-end market.
4.3. Companies adhere to brand marketing inputs, brand premiums are growing, companies adhere to brand marketing strategies, and the value of track wheels is increasing. In 2018, companies identified road wheels, with tires as their first brand, poles, black eagles, hard drive, etc., as auxiliary brands, and non-road tires as theirs.
The company promoted brands through a variety of channels, such as the Tarali, the Digp Traveling Competition, the Landing of China, the Selection of China's First Autonomous Branding Fair, and the China Green Tyre Safety Week, and increased brand visibility and brand premium.
At the 17th World Brand Congress, hosted by the World Brand Laboratories, wheel tyres were ranked 124th in 2020 with 50,872 million yuan worth of brands and 10.6 billion yuan, or 26%, more than the same period in 2019.
(a) The benefits of increasing brand premiums, which facilitate companies ' access to medium- and high-end markets, raise brand visibility and increase products, all steel tyres: with the release of the capacity of the company Shenyang, Viet Nam (single capital plus joint venture), and all steel tyres in the mill, we expect that the company will achieve sales of about 10 million, 13.3 million and 15.5 million, respectively, in 2021-2023;
The prices of raw materials such as rubber, carbon black are currently high, with higher operating costs in 2021, followed by the prices of raw materials semi-steed tyres: with the release of the production capacity of the company ' s mills, Vietnam, and Cambodia, we expect dry non-road tyres: the start-up rate of non-road tyres in the downstream mining industry is closely linked, and we expect to follow.
As the global epidemic fades, demand for non-road tyres may recover, while companies such as Viet Nam, Qingdao, the two major non-road lines – the Māori rate was 39.5%, 39.7%, and 40.5% in 2021-2023, respectively – have chosen the tyre industry head for a comparable company valuation.
The company is currently 13.9 times more than the average of 18.0 times more than the comparable company, and we think that the current company price is 3.03 times the pb and 4.03 times the pb of the Linglong tires. We think that the wheel tires are a promising star for the rise of the national tyre industry, and that the global marketing operation is carefully structured, with constant research and development inputs, the company 2021.
It doubles; the company’s chairman and realist, with firm firms operating in the long-term development and valuation repair. Productive capacity releases trade frictions such as less than expected, weak downstream demand, and “double-in” trade.