Researchchand developmentcenter
14 June 2021.
The year 2014 marks the peak of Chinese domestic exports to the United States of America, and the year 2015 was marked by a sharp decline in the rate of domestic start-up after the U.S. race tires (601058).
The downward trend has led to a reverse shift in the performance of the wheels and Linglong. They also have access to the United States market, and after the vast majority of their Chinese counterparts have left the United States, they can take a more advantageous share of the United States market, and the secret is that they have overseas factories.
Overseas factories have become the main source of profit: by 2020, the race round of Viet Nam had contributed 1.36 billion dollars, and Linglong, Thailand, had contributed 1.58 billion dollars, exceeding the 2020 net return of both companies.
The opening of the world’s largest consumer market, rather than the major producer, has affected every firm’s performance in the industry. Today, we believe that the better race tires are in a better position to compete in overseas deployment, internationalization, and the US market in 2021 because of its foreign presence.
The two-inverse again has a gap in demand, and Americans don't stop cars because they don't have tires, but the demand for high-value tyres can be contained temporarily, but when the supply of the product is back up, it will recover. So the wheel tires have been stored since the end of 2020 and overseas factories can land quickly.
US customs data from January-April of this year also confirm the accuracy of the board’s vision. The year 2021 is not a time for industry-wide paychecks, but a new starting point for the wheel.
In the run-up to the World Summit on Sustainable Development, the World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD), held in Beijing from 28 to 30 June 2002, agreed to launch a programme to expand the world's production capacity: since 2021, the wheels have significantly accelerated the construction of new production capacity, not only in the third phase of the construction of Viet Nam, but also in Cambodia, from 5 million at the beginning of the year.
2. Risks of large short-term fluctuations in natural rubber prices, risk of declining demand for travel due to the global epidemic
The tire industry experienced a round of sharp fluctuations in natural rubber prices early this year, but recently rubber prices have returned to positive.
These two are short-term difficulties. But, in addition, market demand is not as high as expected, dealers are full of stocks, prices are fierce, construction rates are falling, and the tyre industry seems to have fallen into an ice cellar to replace imports from last year’s epidemic.
On the other hand, Pristom announced an increase in the prices of passenger cars and light-card tyres for sale in the North American region on 1 July, with a monthly increase of 7%; the branded tyres will increase by 6% from 1 July.
Card tires, announced in June, rose by 8%. In the same period, Michelin, mainland Germany, Apollo tyres in India, South Korea, and Japanese friend-in-friend rubber have all announced a rise in tires in North America.
So the year 2021 is back to 2015, when we were the biggest producer, not the consumer, and the opening up of the largest consumer market for the entire planet had an impact on the performance of every firm in the industry. In 2021, after five years of division, China’s tires had made great strides and its ability to withstand the risks had been greatly enhanced to deal with the United States.
After the next one or two years, we believe that China’s tires will not stop at the center of the global tyre industry. Today, however, we believe that the more well-run, internationalized race tires are in a more competitive position.
In 2021, because of a demand gap between the two sides of the foreign market, Americans did not stop without tyres, could buy conventional large-plate tyres, which were structural. But the demand for high-value tyres could be curtailed for a while, but they could recover when the supply of products was brought back on track. So the wheel tyres had been stored in overseas factories since the end of 2020.
The US customs data from January-April this year also confirm the accuracy of the board’s vision. The year 2021 is not a time for industry paychecks, but a new starting point for the wheels after the thin air.
In 2014, the United States launched a double counter-investigation (anti-dumping, countervailing) of imported Chinese passenger cars and light-carried tyres. Successes of the United States counter-investigation of imported tyres were filed by the Iron Workers ' Association, the United States Department of Commerce was responsible for investigating and determining tax rates, and ultimately referred to the United States International Trade Commission for an arbitration vote on whether to establish a double-off and tax.
The largest trade union organization in the United States, not just the steel and steel industry, covers almost the entire manufacturing industry. The application, initiated by American workers, is directed at imported products with the ultimate aim of reducing imports and protecting jobs in the United States mainland.
Following the launch of the investigation, the proposed taxed enterprise may submit a submission to the effect that there is no unfair dumping of the United States, generally after six months, the United States Department of Commerce has issued the initial tax results and, at the moment of announcement, taxed at the initial tax rate. After that, for almost six months, the taxed enterprise may still be reviewed. Finally, the United States Department of Commerce has made a final decision on the tax rate and referred it to the United States International Trade Commission for arbitration, arbitration.
Whether or not it is established, it continues to be taxed at the rate set by the United States Department of Commerce for a period of five years: if not, the investigation will be overturned, and the anti-dumping and countervailing duties already imposed will be refunded.
Half of the products in the tyre market are produced by the United States, one quarter from China, and the remaining one quarter from all other exporting countries to the United States. Although not all of the products from China are from Chinese enterprises, this is no different in the eyes of the United States, where tyre workers restrict imports from China.
In January 2015, the United States Department of Commerce made its initial decision, and in July 2015 it made its final decision. China ' s tyres exporting to the United States were taxed at slightly different rates, but the general rate was largely countervailing at 30.87 per cent, with a bond rate of 30.61 per cent, and anti-dumping, with China ' s export to the United States of its light-carried tyres peaking at 5.683 million in 2014, down 54 per cent in 2015.
And without stopping the downward trend, by 2020 it was 94% lower than the peak of that year, and China’s indigenous tires in cars and pickups have largely withdrawn from the US market. And the amount and quantity of our exports to the US can be calculated as the average price of our exports to the US in 2014 for passenger cars and light-card tyres.
It is 39 US$/article, down to $35/article in 2015, down to $30/article in 2016. After a double counter-tariff charge, the tax is shared between supply and demand, but it does not change the amount, which is the core purpose of the survey initiated by the United States trade unions.
What has happened to China’s tyre industry, which peaked in 2014 for US exports in cars, and in 2015, when the US reversed it? First, there is no doubt that there has been a marked decline in the domestic rate of semi-styren start-up.
The effect is not to be ignored if the door is closed. Not all of these companies have been involved in the manufacture of tires for United States exports, or even in the production and sale of tires for trucks, but they can't stay out of the way. Because firms that are blocked from exporting tyres for United States exports will put their products into the non-American market, and all firms that produce tyres for vehicles will feel more competitive; increased competition leads to lower profits.
Companies that produce truck tyres and truck tyres can shift their expectations to truck tyres, so the ones that produce truck tyres can be held hostage to this more intense competition. In today's words, there is a “intra-roll.” This downward trend in performance does not end in 2015 but continues into 2016 and 2017, as can be seen from the above figure.
Except for the wheels, Linglong, whose performance has turned upside down. They also have access to the United States market, and after the vast majority of their Chinese counterparts have left the United States, they can take a more advantageous share of the United States market, and the secret is that it has become a major source of profit for overseas factories.
China ' s tyre companies set up factories abroad, the first in Viet Nam in 2012 and the second in Thailand in 2013, including in Thailand ' s Linglong, Naka, Mori, Double Money, General Shares, Puling Sungshan and Viet Nam.
South-East Asia’s plants are not built because of low costs in South-East Asia, or because they do not open up South-East Asia’s markets. South-East Asia’s factories are production bases, and markets are on the other side of the globe.
In 2018, the European Union exported Chinese domestic truck tyres to the European Union with a double countermeasure. Trade barriers were seen by Chinese tyre producers, and supply-side reforms were reduced in the European and American markets.
There are many low-cost suppliers in the market. The power of supply-side reform is no stranger to us, and it is bound to lead to a weakening of competition and an increase in the price of products. So the US market for car tyres, US truck tyres, EU truck tires will become a high-priced market.
Steel production is for the production of products into Europe and America, and semi-steel production in overseas factories is for the production of products into the United States. The country distribution of revenues is not mandatory in the regular reports of listed companies, but we can find it in special event announcements such as the CVM feedback response letters and letters of offer.
In 2019, wheel tyres sold to the United States of America generated $4.12 billion in home-grown tyres, of which 82% sold 3.38 billion yuan to the United States for wheeled Vietnamese factories. Of this $3.38 billion, 2.35 billion came from wheeled cars and light-carded tyres, and $1.03 billion from trucks and engineering machines.
In 2019, Linglong tyres sold to the United States of America earned $3.44 billion of their own-producing tyres, of which 87 per cent sold to the United States of America for their plant in Thailand. In 2019, Linglong Thailand made $5.08 billion, of which $3.54 billion was earned from its wheeled tyres.
The mission, in 2019, generated $2.55 billion in Thai factories. Senorium only used cars and light-carded tyres.
2. More than half of the revenue from overseas factories comes from wheeled tyres.3 Most of the revenue from wheeled tyres from overseas factories comes from the United States.3 The Chinese tyre industry, which was the first to set up overseas plants, has been able to access the United States market and earn a very good return on profits.
At the same time, profits can be used to upgrade and scale up R&D products. Each year, two companies deduct three-quarters of the net profits that are not attributable to their mothers.
Thailand ' s exports to the United States grew rapidly after China lost its domestic exports to the United States in 2015, reaching a peak of 45 million in 2019.
In May 2020, the American Iron and Steel Workers’ Association initiated a double counter-investigation of U.S. exports from Thailand, Taiwan, South Korea, and Viet Nam to the U.S. by car and light car tires. On December 30, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced and began to implement the initial tax cuts, and on May 21, 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce made the final decision, basically maintaining the initial tax cuts.
The results were cast and published in early July, but the results are almost non-suspensionable. Tax rates have been implemented since the beginning of 2021, and United States Customs data show that the number of United States passenger cars and light-card tyres imported from Thailand between January and April decreased by 11 per cent compared to the same period in 2020, 42 per cent from Taiwan and 10 per cent from Korea.
Vietnam grew by 13% over the same period. From the absolute number of changes, Thailand exported cars and light-car tyres to the United States in January-April.
The demand gap in the United States market for high-value cars and light-card tyres was temporarily filled by high-end tyres. In 2020, Viet Nam exported 13.13 million United States-owned vehicles and light-card tyres.
At the end of 2020, the factory in Vietnam was able to gradually upgrade the production capacity of 3 million pieces of steel per year, thereby increasing exports to the United States in early 2021, taking advantage of the gap in the demand for high-priced tyres in the United States market. Moreover, in searching for United States customs data, we followed up on the number of truck tyres exported from Viet Nam to the United States.
In China, truck tires are inverted, while in South-East Asia there is no double counter-investigation of truck tyres. 720,000 truck tires were exported from Viet Nam to the United States in 2019, 1.24 million in 2020, 610,000 in January-April 2021 and a year-on-year increase.
The wheels formed a joint venture with the U.S. pruning tyres in Viet Nam with a capacity of 2.4 million truck tires per year, with 65% of the share ratio. The factory started production in late 2020, contributing 1.13 million units.
US Customs data show that the number of truck tires from Viet Nam increased by 85% from January to April this year, because of a doubling of the capacity of truck tires from Viet Nam in January to April this year, compared to the same period last year. The tyre industry experienced a round of sharp fluctuations in the prices of natural rubber at the beginning of this year, although rubber prices have recently returned to positive levels.
These two are short-term difficulties. But, in addition, market demand is not as high as expected, dealers are full of stocks, prices are fierce, construction rates are falling, and the tyre industry seems to have fallen into an ice cellar to replace imports from last year’s epidemic.
On the other hand, Pristoon announced an increase of 8% in the price of passenger cars and light-card tyres for sale in the North American region as of 1 July. This is the third increase in the price of tyres in the North American region by the brand this year.
The monthly increase was 7 per cent; the branded tyres will rise by 6 per cent as of 1 July. The firm features, Dunlop's passenger cars and light-card tyres announced an 8 per cent increase in June. There were also Michelin, mainland Germany, Apollo tyres in India, South Korea's Korean tyres, and Japanese friend rubber, all of which announced a rise in tyres in the North American region.
The Chinese-American tyre market, due to this year’s backsliding in the United States, has led to a retrenchment of the economy. So, as we know, 2021 is back in 2015, when we were still the biggest producer, not the consumer, and the opening of the largest consumer market for the entire world had the effect of increasing and reducing the performance of every firm in the industry.
In response to changes in US market trade policy, the leaders are also prepared to build second overseas factories to avoid risks. After a year or two of ambushes, we are confident that China’s tire leaders will not stop at the center of the global tyre industry.
Today, however, we believe that a better-run, internationalized race tire is in a more competitive position. In 2021, because of a demand gap in the foreign market, the United States did not stop because there were no tyres, and the gap was structural.
The US customs data from January-April this year also confirm the soundness of the race round’s management vision. The year 2021 is not a time for industry-wide paychecks, but a new starting point for the wheels after the thinning.
Since 2021, the wheels have significantly accelerated the construction of additional productive capacity. On 9 January 2021, the company announced its intention to invest $3 billion in three phases of construction in Viet Nam, which includes half a steel tire.
3 million / year, 1 million / year, full steel and 50,000 / year, non-road; 2.2 2nd day, the company announced its intention to invest more in the technical upgrading of high-performance meridian tyres in a project for the production capacity of 10,000 high-performance semi-meridian tyres;
3. On 8 March, the company announced its intention to invest $1.18 billion in a project to build a Cambodian project to build a semi-steel meridian wheel of 5 million units per year. In three months, the company announced three investment projects with a total investment of 4.9 billion, and on 31 May 2021, the company announced an additional investment of 1.11 billion yuan, with a total investment of 2.28 billion yuan, and the Cambodian project.
The first 80% of the length of this report is a description of the logic of demand for this year’s growth in the production of wheel tyres, which does not necessarily boost performance growth or destroy value, and which is backed by a logic of demand to drive performance.
We look back at the company’s past expansion of production capacity, which has always been a timely and forward-looking layout driven by a deliberate approach. In recent years, the expansion of capacity has been accompanied by a largely stable increase in capacity utilization, with half-steed and full-steed capacity in factories in Viet Nam now stable at over 90%.
The rapid growth of companies has also ensured their profitability.1 The construction of new projects has failed to meet the expected risks2 and the risk of large short-term fluctuations in natural rubber prices2
3. Risk of declining demand for travel due to the global epidemic
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.