For the first time, farmers' comptoirs (601825) have been covered with sufficient capital to support the expansion of scale: the index for capital adequacy of farmers' comptoirs is higher than the average for listed comptoirs. Adequate capital supports the expansion of the company’s future size.
As strategic planning progresses, the lending structure is gradually being optimized: in the last three years, total lending as a share of interest-bearing assets has increased. The rapid growth of loans in retail loans has led to a slight increase in the share of loans sold over the same period.
The share of the market value of the market share in circulation (millions of yuan) in production-related loans increased significantly over the same period in information technology and manufacturing.
On the money side, mortgage lending has declined, but remains above the average of the agricultural comptoirs; the ratio of individual operating loans and consumer loans has increased by 23.5 and 5.4 percentage points, respectively, compared to the end of 2019; net interest differentials have continued to shrink as a result of heavy pricing factors: in recent years, with the transformation of companies and their retailing,
The gradual advancement of strategies such as inclusive finance, the gradual optimization of the credit structure, reflected in an increase in the share of retail loans and a more balanced distribution of the enterprise-end lending sector, has led to a significantly lower overall rate of return at the end of the loan than the industry average.
The share of money and the share of business deposits is higher than the average of listed agricultural comptoirs, which keeps the combined cost of deposits below the average of listed comptoirs. In the future, factors such as industry trends, potential pricing, and so on, have a negative impact on asset end-to-end returns, but from demand.
From the perspective of Shanghai, as an economically developed region, the demand for financing is relatively strong, and the rate of return on new loans may be better than that of their counterparts. At the end of the debt, with a high share of business deposits, it is expected that the rate of activity will increase rapidly as the macro-economic warming returns.
Regional advantages determine the broad direction of asset quality: because the main operations of the farmers’ comptoirs are concentrated in the Upper Haiti region. More than 90% of these loans are concentrated in the Shanghai region. The overall asset quality is relatively good, with lower rates of badness and concern.
The static pb valuation of the former company’s share price was 0.5 times lower than the average valuation of water by listed farmers’ comptoirs, sound asset quality, sufficient capital, first coverage, and a higher rating given to the company. Risk factors: net interest spreads were more than anticipated, asset quality fluctuations were higher than expected, etc.
1  Development history and development strategy for the next three years. 1.1 Corporate development history and current shareholder structure.
At the end of 2010-2018, the company expanded its shares through multiple replenishments, with the first major shareholder, Shanghai State Asset Management Limited, with 9.29% of the shares, and China ' s Ocean Shipping Group.
Second in both companies, with 8.29 per cent shareholdings, the company S.A. and B.C. By the end of June 2023, there were 363 branches, including 356 branches in Shanghai, of which the Shanghai suburban network accounted for more than 75 per cent, and 7 branches outside Shanghai.
By mid-2023, the share of the Shanghai area had reached 94.3%.
Figure 3: Loans for distribution (in %) As a local corporate bank based in Shanghai, the Chamber of Commerce and Industry actively pursues inclusive financial services activities based on “services to three farmers, services to small farmers, services to small businesses”.
At the head office level, the Ministry of Science, Technology and Finance, which is the first of its kind, has been established to integrate the existing operations and models of the Zhangjiang Science and Technology Branch and to develop synergies with the research and development centre and the scientific and technical team that optimizes the innovation and institutional aspects of science and technology.
At the end of June 2023, the balance of S&T loans stood at RMB 83.25 billion, an increase of RMB 12.38 billion, or 16.9 per cent, compared to the end of the previous year. These enterprises are concentrated in manufacturing, information transmission, software and IT services, scientific research and basic services, accounting for 55.89 per cent, 16.66 per cent and 8.95 per cent, respectively.
The balance of medium- and long-term loans is 40.62 per cent. In addition, the average balance of loans for technology-based enterprises has been further reduced, with 74.11 per cent of enterprises with a single balance of RMB 10 million or less, an increase of 1.67 percentage points from the end of the previous year.
Adherence to the three core strategies of inclusive finance and a strong digital transformation”: the creation of a retail financial services system with wealth management as an engine, a comprehensive financial services system with tradable banks as an engine, an inclusive financial services system with three agro-based finance, a science- and technology-based financial services system characterized by finance, and sustainable development finance with green finance as a base
Adequate capital supports future scale expansion by 2.1 sufficient capital to support future scale expansion.
By the end of June 2023, the core-level capital adequacy rate, the primary capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate of 12.9 per cent, 12.92 per cent and 15.33 per cent, respectively, were higher than the average for listed agricultural comptoirs and above the current high capital of a listed bank, which provided strong support for the future development of the company ' s business.
2.2 As strategic planning progressed, the loan structure was gradually optimized, with the increase in the speed of lending and the increase in total lending as a proportion of interest-bearing assets. By the end of June 2023, loans accounted for 52 per cent of interest-bearing assets, slightly lower than the average of 54 per cent of agricultural businesses.
In terms of the internal structure of loans, by the end of June 2023, business loans accounted for 58 per cent of total loans and zero for 30.6 per cent of loans sold.
As a result, the growth rate of retail loans has declined, while the share of retail loans has fallen slightly.
According to the data, the share of credit in the real estate, rental and commercial services sectors was 59.3 per cent, and companies have continued to optimize their credit structure for the last three years and to depress real estate-related loans. By the end of 2022, the share of loans in real estate and rental business services had dropped to 49.5 per cent, or 9.8 percentage points.
There has been a marked increase in the share of loans in information technology and manufacturing.
Medicines, artificial intelligence, etc., provide financing support for early and medium-term technology-based enterprises with core technologies, thus contributing to strategic and emerging industrial development. Nearly 80% of lending clients for technology-based enterprises are in retail loans such as high-tech technologies, know-how and new, and technology-based SMEs. The share of mortgage loans has continued to decline in recent years, with 51% as of mid-2023.
It is still above the average of 35% in agricultural firms. Moreover, in recent years, the growth of individual business loans has increased significantly, reaching $60.2 billion in the middle of 2023, rising to 28.3% of the retail loan balance, and the net interest differentials have continued to shrink as a result of heavy pricing factors.
Historical data show that the relatively high share of business loans, dominated by large and medium-sized enterprises, has brought the combined lending rate of farmers’ and businesses closer to the level of the State-owned majors. In recent years, as strategies such as the transformation of the company’s retail trade and the consolidation of the GSP have progressed, the credit structure has gradually been optimized, reflecting an increase in the share of retail loans, and the firm’s end.
The loan industry has been more evenly distributed, resulting in an overall rate of return at the end of the interest rate, which is clearly lower than the industry average. By the end of June 2023, the annualized rate of return on the loan was 14 bp below 2019, while the rate of return on corporate loans was 54 bp and the rate of return on individual loans was 63 bp over the same period.
Although, in recent years, the overall implementation of policies such as financial support for the real economy, financial relief and so forth, requiring the adjustment of interest rates over and above the loan offer, has led to an overall downward trend in the rate of return for the entire loan endpoint, with interest rates from the end of 2019 to the end of the third quarter of 2023, according to the weighted average interest rate of the new RMB loan issued by the Central Bank Monetary Policy Enforcement Report.
The rate of return on new loans is subject to a warmer pace of macroeconomic demand. Structurally, we expect that, in the context of continued fiscal activity, the share of matching financing needs will remain high, and that corporate lending will continue to grow.
At the end of the debt, the share of deposits in interest-bearing liabilities is about 80%, slightly higher than the average for listed farmers. By the end of June 2023, the proportion of current deposits was 33.5%, higher than the average of 3.2 percentage points for listed farmers.
The average per cent is 11 percentage points higher. The peak of the year was 43.7 per cent, a decrease of 10.2 percentage points. In terms of the internal structure, the firm’s share of current deposits is clear. As a result of the relatively high ratio of current deposits to business deposits, the cost of savings is lower for the farmers’ comptoirs.
In terms of deposit pricing, as at the end of June 2023, while the share of term deposits had continued to rise, in the first half of the year, the cost of deposits had fallen by 4bp compared to the beginning of the year.
Controls, as well as an increase in the average daily deposits at the end of the enterprise, have also had a positive impact. Taken together, the relatively high current rates and the higher share of business deposits have kept the combined savings of the farmers’ comptoirs below the average of the listed farmers’ comptoirs.
In terms of deposits, there is a clear trend towards the periodicization of industry-wide deposits, with the ratio of time deposits rising, pushing up the cost of deposits, thus offsetting the positive boost to the cost of combined liabilities as a result of other cost escalations due to the easing of the environment. In the current industry-wide context, stock-based data show that households were regularly held as of October 2023.
The ratio reached 71.9 per cent, while the firm’s time deposit ratio reached 68.8 per cent, and the trend of deposit periodicization remains unchanged. The trend of deposit setting is associated with low capital markets and low risk convergence preferences, including the net effect of fluctuations in bond markets before and after November.
The central bank has repeatedly stated that it would use its role as a market-based adjustment mechanism for deposit rates to induce major banks to increase deposit interest rates downwards, and to ease the tendency for deposits to become time-bound and long-term. Recent state-owned banks have taken the initiative to lower deposit rates. This is the third reduction in deposit rates in 2023.
The recovery and the improvement of capital markets will be accompanied by an increase in the incentive of enterprises and residents to invest in consumption, and the periodicization of deposits will increase the revenue contribution of retail operations 4.1
With the optimization of the retail lending structure, the support of internal transfer pricing, and the rapid growth of fees and fees, this has together contributed to higher retail revenues and a corresponding increase in the contribution to business income. By the end of 2022, retail retail operations, apart from the optimization of the credit structure, have seen faster growth in individual lending, the number of individual clients has increased.
The number of individual clients has risen faster over the last three years, from 1.84 million at the end of 2019 to 20.94 million at the end of 2022, while the number of individual clients whose financial assets were managed during the same period has been affected by such factors as reduced fees, net worth transformation and capital market volatility.
However, in terms of internal structure, the share of agent revenue rose markedly, from 56% at the end of 2019 to 66% at the end of 2022. Of these, mainly farmers’ comptoirs actively promoted retail transformation strategies, increased the scale of sales of wealth-based substitute products, and increased surcharge revenue.
Figure 13: Revenue structure of fees and charges (%) • Agent operations . Consultants and consultants . Settlement and liquidation . Electronic banks . Bank cards . Guarantee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thus, the quality of the assets of the company is closely linked to the overall economic environment in the region. Shanghai’s own economy is such that the poor rate of commercial banks in Shanghai is itself far below the national average.
According to the data, the rate of poor lending in the Shanghai region was roughly the same as that of the Shanghai commercial banks as it was in general. By mid-2023, the rate of poor agricultural comptoirs was 0.95% and the rate of concern 0.8%, which was below the average level of agricultural comptoirs and below the average level of listed commercial banks.
Levels, but below the average for listed commercial banks. According to the structure of the new lending over the past three years, the ratio of new public and retail loans was 58.3 per cent and 40.6 per cent, respectively, while the increase in public loans was mainly in manufacturing, rental and business services, wholesale and retail trade, and information dissemination.
Retail loans, which account for 14.7 per cent, 14.5 per cent, 6.8 per cent and 5.9 per cent respectively, are concentrated in personal loans, consumer loans and mortgage loans, which account for 23.6 per cent, 11.3 per cent and 7.3 per cent, respectively, and reflect a steady downward trend in the rate of poor public loans in recent years.
As a result of structural adjustment factors, the underperforming rate of retail loans continues to rise, and credit costs are lower each year because of the low corporate poor rate + concern. In 2019-2022, the average credit cost was only 0.85%.
By mid-2023, the agricultural comptoir’s provision coverage had reached 432%, slightly higher than the average for listed comptoirs, and much higher than the average for listed commercial banks. As a result of the small stock load and higher provision, it provided some motivation for the release of future performance.
The firm’s roe continues to be above the average of the listed agricultural comptoirs and banks, and has remained relatively stable for the last three years, with the total rate of roe remaining above 11% in 2019-2022. The relatively high roe comes mainly from solid revenue collection and the lower credit costs of stable asset quality. In the future, we expect the company to pass assets.
The restructuring of the debt structure has stabilized revenue growth, while credit costs are already in a lower position, and future contributions to performance can support a steady expansion in future sizes, given the company’s current capital adequacy. Assuming that the loan growth rate remains stable, we estimate that the loan growth rate will be between 8 and 9 per cent over the next three years, and that the corresponding interest-bearing assets will also grow at a rate of between 8 and 9 per cent.
The potential impact of heavy pricing and stock mortgage reductions is a negative drag on asset end rates of return, but, from a demand perspective, Shanghai City, as an economically developed region, will still have better financing needs than other regions, with new lending rates of return being better than those of peers. At the end of the debt, with a relatively high share of business deposits, along with macroeconomics.
In combination, we expect a reduction in the corporate net interest differential over the next three years, non-interest income, further optimization of the fee-earning structure, short-term exposure to factors such as weak capital markets, and a significant decline in some of the operating income. However, the growth of the total number of clients and the rise in the share of middle- and high-end clients has increased.
As a result of the relatively good quality of the company’s assets, the overall contribution to the provision is relatively low.
We have limited room for a conservative estimate of the size of the provision, which covers current interest capital for the first time, giving companies a higher rating. The banking sector as a whole is affected by macroeconomic, monetary, and regulatory policies, and the economy and related policies.
Corporate strategic development has not advanced as expected; scale expansion has not been sustained as expected owing to the pressure of net capital regulation; and asset-end rates of return have fallen short of expectations, and cost controls at the end of liabilities have not kept pace with the expected changes in net interest differentials;
The continued improvement in the quality of assets has fallen short of expectations.