São Paulo shares (300661), a review report, slowed down the demand for the downstream repository in the third quarter of 2025.
In the first half of the year, downstream clients have made stock demands due to Chinese and American tariff uncertainties and relatively low stocks, a trend that has slowed down in three quarters or somewhat, driving companies into a single season.
By industry, downstream industry and automobiles are growing well, while consumer electronics demand for remunerative reservoirs is somewhat lower. Compared to the recent price strategy of companies like Ti, the company’s three-quarter rate of Maori is second-quarter.
The Māori rate is expected to continue to improve at a later stage, as industry, automobile-type products, rise. The value of São Paulo ' s research -- São Paulo shares (300661.sz) is assessed.
Also in the reporting period, companies accelerated the process of business consolidation, reaching an overall goodwill of 301 million, and reported that the industrial landscape was clear and power management did not improve profitably. This represents an increase of 272.52 per cent over the same period last year.
E-Commerce Strategy Report: Electronics Upstream Risks: Accelerating Growth in Industry and Consumer Electronics; Accelerating Substitution of National Production in Anti-Dumping Sites; Competing; Increasing Market Perception of Product Rising Companies
Downward risks: lower demand than expected downstream; competition increases the decline in the Māori rate; other systemic risks: net profit and increase (millions of dollars) in the company ' s single quarter; figure 3: Māori rates and net interest rates for the company by quarter
Figure 4: Corporate costs, Figure 5: Company inventories and swing days (millions of yuan per day) Figure 6: Corporate operations
Industrial and consumer electronic warming: The semiconductor industry is currently in the upper-line phase, downstream demand continues to warm, and, if downstream demand accelerates, leads to firm elasticity in performance. Anti-dumping landings accelerate domestic substitution: China does anti-dumping on import-related simulation chips originating in the United States
The investigation, if anti-dumping landings, would drive domestic production simulation chip demand, and increase firms’ expectations of delivery. The competitor’s upturn in the market share of the products: the product’s upturned market share in the automobile and industry would lead to higher corporate performance.
Downstream demand is less than expected: consumer electronics and industrial warming is less than expected, the automobile industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, and corporate performance is adversely affected. Competition exacerbates the decline in the Māori rate: if competitors reboot radical price strategies, they produce Māori rates for companies.
Other systemic risks are: China-United States trade frictions, border political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts