q3 net profit ring growth is nearly two times higher, power cell taps are strong.
In January-September 2018, the company achieved business income of $19.136 billion, an increase of 59.85 per cent over the same period; the price of the parent material fell and the q3 Māori rate recovered. The scale effect resulted in lower cost rates over the period, of which the company ' s management costs (including R & D costs) were 15.22 per cent/13.37 per cent and q3 management, respectively.
The cost (including R & D) rate has been significantly reduced. The financial cost rate for companies q1/q2/q3 was high in 2018, with companies accounting for over 40% of the power battery load, strong 41%, and continued to strengthen the industry.
Converting about 2gwh batteries; q3 with a quarterly capacity of 8gwh, q3 with an advance of q4 q4 for downstream vehicles, may reach 8gwh and q1-q3 may reach close to 15gwhh. The company’s advance collection ring is close to $1.4 billion more than in the previous quarter, and future battery output is expected to maintain its profile.
• Closely connect with large domestic clients and work to open up international automobile companies, digest the second-time flight of the energy-producing companies, which provide for mainstream vehicles such as Wootong, Jili, Upper Steam, Chir, East Wind, North Gas New Energy, etc., and establish joint ventures with upper gas, east wind, and wide gas.
Modern, Jaguar Road Rovers, Snow Dragons, Popular and Volvo international car companies have deepened their cooperation and obtained the Q3 report's performance forecast, with high q3 performances, orders for several important projects, accompaniment models, which will continue to be marketed inland in the coming years.
Households, companies are expected to expand their markets abroad while maintaining high-market ownership in the country. Companies are planning to build more productively than ever before.
• Maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating, “Small Together Group, Re-emerging Models of Constellation”, Power Battery Market Explosion, higher expectations of company output, higher forecast of profitability, expected to be 2018-2020
Partnership and Cooperation”