Three quarters higher than expected, three quarters higher, three quarters higher, three quarters higher, three quarters higher, three quarters higher, three quarters higher, three quarters lower net profit per year, and three quarters less than 80 per cent higher net profit per year.
The slight decline in the previous three quarters is due to the increased non-recurrent gains and losses associated with the transfer of Praid over the same period last year. Three main reasons for this significant 80% increase are: 1) there has been an increase in domestic power cell market demand over the same period last year: 2) there has been a simultaneous increase in the volume of production and sales as a result of the company’s new start-up capacity release; and 3) there has been a decrease in corporate costs as a percentage of revenue.
Three-quarters performance is bright, four-quarter performance is high, due to the expected annual drop in the amount of the new energy car subsidy, and the year-end sales peak for the new car. The company's 2017q4 net return profit and table 1: single-season return net profit and non-mortality net interest rate for Ningde.
Battery sales continue to decline, technology drops or become the key to the company’s profitability. Cost has become the key to affecting the market’s share of new sources of energy, among the three pains of a new-energy car – mileage, fast-loading, and cost.
(a) The source of financial growth in the East, through technological progress, the labour costs of the company ' s power cell unitwh, the cost of manufacturing and the consumption of electricity, which have decreased by an average of 35.0 per cent, 35.4 per cent – 28.4 per cent over the past three years;
By increasing single-cell power core capacity, the company’s unit wh core structure cost fell by 28% and 53% in 2016 and 2017, net of price fluctuations. Advances in technology and costs are key to a sustained increase in company-market ownership and profitability.
Figure 1: Man-made and manufacturing costs of unit wh batteries, Figure 2: Cost of unit wh structures, net of price fluctuations The company has a significant technological and cost advantage in the power cell field. Although the company has a 42% share in the domestic market, it still has one.
In the future, with the increase in the size of used batteries and the emergence of a storage market, the company’s lithium-cell material and storage-cell operations will become the second source of financial intelligence in the East.
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Liu Huixiang Master of Chemistry, Shanghai Transport University, with six years of experience in the design and development of power cores and new energy-borne battery systems.
Performs research on the lithium battery industry chain and electronics. The analyst’s own research view. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies