The world’s largest power cell provider, with a high degree of certainty about growth in the medium term, has a short-term projection gap and a medium-term certainty opportunity. The Department was founded in 2011 and landed on the business board in 2018, with the company being the world’s leading power cell system.
Total provider, focusing on the development, production and production of new energy automotive battery systems, storage systems, and billions of yuan, an increase of 36.0 per cent over the same period, with a ratio of revenue per operation of 83.3 per cent for power cell systems, and a year, influenced by industrial energy release, a fall in policy subsidies, with a marked marginal burden of performance, but in the medium term
Industry growth has been identified and there are short- and medium-term expected differentials; 2) on the corporate side, the Ningde era was a global leader, with outstanding technological strengths, a two-wheel drive in the future of international and domestic markets, and a more stable, cost-controlled comparative advantage, fully benefiting from the development and growth of the new energy automobile industry.
• The gradual replacement of new energy vehicles with fuel vehicles has become a trend in the automobile industry, with short-term subsidies glittering into medium-term optimism. Corporate power cell systems are the main performance elasticity, while battery system sales are largely determined by the demand for new downstream energy vehicles, and new energy vehicle subsidies.
In the short term, subsidies can affect consumer buy-outs, shift cost pressures to new energy vehicles, and shift to technological power.
In the medium term, on the one hand, according to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, which was launched in 2017, the annual production of 2 million new energy vehicles by 2020, and the share of new energy cars in the production of more than 20 per cent by 2015, is more than 20 per cent.
To guide the growth expectations of new energy vehicles; on the other hand, along with the progress of our lithium ion battery technology and the improvement of the accompanying industrial chain, the cost of new energy vehicles will be reduced and dependence on subsidies will decline; (2) subsidies will tend to be strong and to accelerate industrial optimization and concentration.
In recent years, the State has gradually tightened the level of subsidies for new energy vehicles, raised the threshold of subsidies, led the industry to phase out poor-quality production, developed more high-quality products, and triggered a short-term decline in corporate subsidized income, while objectively accelerating industrial consolidation and helping to accelerate industrial convergence.
The firm is in the vanguard of the industry, and in 2017 its share of the market has jumped to the top of the world, with the advantages of R & D strength, scale effects, deep-industry chain cooperation, etc. The advantages of intra-industry competition have been significant, providing an advantage for the firm to benefit fully from industrial optimization.
• Company size effects are significant, high-quality customer viscosity, and technological and customer structures are not optimized. First, the power cell industry has high scale barriers, with economies of scale special points, and the company sold power cell systems in 2015-2017 at 2.19gwh, 6.80gwh, 6.80gwh,
11.84gwh, the third year in a row, was the world's third largest in sales, with 2017 being the world's first, with company 2018h1 leading business with 6.5gwh ' s installed capacity, with a 42% share in the domestic market, with a significant scale effect. Second, the company is now working with domestic co-ops, upper steam, North steam, Gilly, etc.
The long-term strategic partnership was established between the wheels, and the international community had entered the BMW, the public supply system, and had begun planning for the construction of the first overseas production base in Germany, which, given the power cell as a core component of a new energy vehicle, was accompanied by a deep binding of the entire vehicle, which the manufacturer would not.
Finally, the company continues to optimize technology and customer structure: 1) process technology improvements reduce the consumption of raw materials per unit of product. The company ' s raw materials consist mainly of positive materials, graphite, diaphragm, electrolyte, shell/cap cover, etc.
Prices are largely in line with market prices, and companies have improved their production technology through scale effects, resulting in a downward trend in the consumption of raw materials such as positive materials, graphite, diaphragms, electrolytic fluids, etc. for single-bit products: 2) downstream customers are expanding and client structures are optimized.
And 51.90 per cent, with a decline in client concentration, a decline in reliance on single client performance, an optimal client structure and growing profit stability, which affects downstream demand; and a slower than expected expansion of capacity.