Three-quarter high-market performance expectations, with multiple benefits driving the net. 19 October 2018
• We believe that there are a number of reasons for the significant growth in corporate performance: (a) projected volume of goods delivered in the third quarter; and (b) more than 2 billion commodities delivered by the company at the end of the second quarter, with revenue recognized in the third quarter.
High-end catl in passenger vehicles enhances bargaining power and optimizes the structure of the company ' s 3q product: the company provides more than 50 per cent for upper, Gilly, North and Chirre (the electric cars are the first to be sold) and the triple product is in short supply, and the price is stable in three quarters. 3) Lithium, including cobalt and lithium, is the first to be sold.
We determine that the three-quarter price reduction for raw materials is nearly 4% higher for battery operations. Second, after the transition, the company’s power cells are all high in capacity, and therefore the company’s battery business is expected to be up to three seasons.
The Māori rate can return to over 35 per cent (30.4 per cent in the second quarter). 4) The company ' s management cost rate ring and the company ' s ipo financing at the end of the second quarter exceeded 5 billion dollars, so three quarters of the financial interest income also includes the Göln 1, The Ningde Age (300,750): Technology
▪ Corporate control of resources, central control of supply chains, downstream binding of offshore and offshore locomotives, internal enhancement of R & D, parallel to costs, global lithium taps are being launched and controlled, and world-class power cell companies are being built. Catl buys Bumpbure recycling while lithium is being recycled.
Aviation 2018-09-06 Resource participation, cobalt and caramel cooperation, middle- and middle-stream material diaphragms, positives, negatives, electrolytes all set up tendering procurement systems and fostered a concentrated and low-cost bulk supply for specific suppliers: Lower visitors
The household was bound to North Gas, Wutong, and then quickly developed Jili, Up Gas, Broad Air, and so on, so deeply tied through the joint venture model, the first overseas to work with BMW, leading the way into the global supply chain of well-known car companies such as BMW, the general public, Daimler, and Imbrandts: large in-house R & D inputs and deep lithium electrode.
More than 3000 R & D personnel, leading the new direction of the three-dollar battery in the country, basically synchronizing with the overseas battery giants, directly pushing the lig, the three stars, and the looser to build a world-class power cell company. The pe corresponds to 40x/32x/26x, taking into account the company’s market share of the battery at more than 40%.
Battery leadership, qualifications and good reputations of major domestic and foreign customer suppliers.