The three-quarter performance is far higher than the expected cost advantage than the three-quarter financial returns for the Ningde era (300,750).
In 2018q3, the company achieved operating income of 9,776 million yuan, an increase of 72.23 per cent in the same year; achieved a net return to the mother of 1,468 million yuan, an increase of 93.25 per cent in the same year; achieved a net return to the mother of 1,288 million yuan, an increase of 137.92 per cent in the same year.
The company's net lost profits and net lost profits of 2018q3 were 1,468 million and 1,288 million, respectively, representing an increase of 93.25 per cent and 137.92 per cent respectively over the same period, mainly due to: 1) the increase of 72.23 per cent in revenue on a year-on-year basis as a result of a significant increase in the company's battery output; 2) 2018q3 resulting from an increase in operating activities, cash flows and the availability of seed money, resulting in a decrease of 128 million dollars, or 1436 per cent, in the company's financial costs, and a combined expenditure of 652 million yuan for the three costs.
This is a 3.7 per cent increase over the same period, which is much less than the increase in revenue. Thus, the cost rate fell significantly during the period to a significant increase in net profits of the company.
In the context of the sharp decline in battery prices, the company’s Māori rate has been maintained at around 31%, indicating that the company’s downgrading program has been effective. The owner of the scheme has: (1) a three-dollar aluminum shell big core program that reduces the cost of structure and manufacturing; (2) an optimised process that reduces the amount of labour, manufacturing and energy consumed in the production process; and (3) a vertical layout of the industrial chain that reduces the cost of procurement.
Table 1: Main financial indicators of the company
Figure 2: Domestic power cell load, January-September 2018, corporate revenue increased by 59.85 per cent on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a high growth trend; corporate financial costs, management costs, sales costs were at first sight, with a Māori rate of around 31 per cent in the context of falling product prices.
Make sure that the future development space of the company is kept in line with the “highly recommended” rating.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
Liu Hui Shau, Master of Chemical Industries, Shanghai Transport University, with six years of experience in the development of power cores, new energy and vehicle battery systems.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.