National voucher securities New Energy and Automobile Research Center
On 29 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2022, q1 achieving operating income of $3.88 billion in 2022, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $340 million, a decrease of 31 per cent in the same year.q1 output has increased steadily, with delays in raising prices leading to pressure on profitability.
In the light of the season, corporate income grew by 38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, measured the equivalent of about 280 million flats for film sales, the same-year price increase + the stock of raw materials kept high, and the March price increase for film was lagging behind the price increase of particles, leading to the company ' s glue, "The cost advantage of the raw material increase, q4 performance."
The q2 module has been continuously upgraded, and the film is expected to increase exponentially. Although the price of raw material particles has continued to rise in the recent past, with the release of new silicon capacity, downstream components have risen monthly and are now public.
The three-quarterly review of Foster 2021, the production of film products and the relatively smooth transfer of prices to raw materials, are expected to lead the company to a better performance than expected, with short-term cost advantages.
The announcement of a plan to expand the production of the film and electronic materials to ensure a higher volume of supplies and the supply of raw materials. The company synchronized 100 million square metres of photo-voltaic membrane, 6145 million tons of synthetic resin and aids, and 5 million tons of raw materials.
The construction period of the project is 2.5 to 3.5 years. In 2021, the company ' s photovoltaic membrane, the lighting, and the dry membrane production volume were 970 million square metres, and the implementation of the expansion plan will further enhance the company ' s competitiveness and guarantee the autonomous control of key raw materials in electronic materials.
In the second half of 2022, a large amount of new production of silicon material will be released gradually, and the demand for elasticity will increase quarterly, with an increase in the ability of the film to transmit its costs or in the volume of goods delivered expected to increase.
The economy’s supply-chain advantages, as well as the dynamics of supply and demand, and the company’s ability to earn more or better than expected throughout the year.
▪ Product prices have performed less than expected; prices of raw materials have increased more than expected; the international trade environment has deteriorated.