(b) Summary of the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: 38.84 billion yuan in corporate revenues in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 38.02 per cent over the same period;
The net profit to the mother was $339 million, a decrease of 31.51 per cent in the same year; the net profit to achieve the deduction was $315 million, which was influenced by the rise in raw materials, and the profitability of the company was under pressure. The company’s photo-voltaic film production was about 1.4 billion flats in late 2021, with a significant increase in its capacity to deliver the goods. 22q1 was upgraded by downstream assembly discharges, and the company’s photo-voltaic film sales were close to 300 million.
The company's profits have declined as a result of the storage of high-value raw materials at 21q4; and the profits have been further affected by the credit impairment loss of $65 million. Overall, the company's 22q1 combined profit trap is now in place, with the second quarter's repairs being more definitive.
The price of raw materialseva particles has continued to rise, and the company has again revised the price of the film, so the average price of the film produced in the second quarter is expected to increase significantly, and the photovoltaic film is expected to recover. At the same time, the volume of the product has increased with the downward run-up of the production ring, and overall the second quarter is expected to show a positive increase.
The company's new business is entering a performance release period, with a projected delivery of more than 20 million flats per quarter. And because of the scale effect, the profitability is higher than proposed in 2021. The company continues to promote the expansion of the photovoltaic film, electronic materials project, with 250 million flats added to the announcement in April 22
Photovoltaic membrane extension project, which provides a packaged material solution for current topcon, hjt, ibc, etc. n components; a new 100 million flat high-resolution photorestriction membrane project, with a post-partum company with an annual production capacity of more than 800 million; and an upscaling synthesizing resin and assistive production capacity of 61.45 million tons of raw materials and 21 years
The supply capacity of raw materials is fully guaranteed; the scratched copper sheet project has been adjusted to 5 million flats. The company continues to expand its production in photo-voltaic membrane and sensory dry membrane, and the status of photo-film taps is expected to be maintained, along with the photo-dry film business Profiling and investment proposals: the company's photo-film production is steadily expanding to secure future deliveries.
We expect that the company’s net return over the next three years will maintain a compound growth rate of 22.93% and maintain a “possession” rating. Material costs rise, and the risk of corporate profitability decline; and the risk of policy change.
Forster (603806): Recovering profits of the film unit, the luminum membrane becomes the second growth curve (2022-03-18)
2. Forster (603806): Glue upgrade, raw material 3.Forster (603806): photovoltaic membrane volume rises in full price and continued expansion consolidates the tap position (2021-08-18)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.