The increase in management costs has led to a decline in net profits, and the adjustment is a significant opportunity to buy — 1.47 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 3.86 per cent in the first quarter of 2018, and 167 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The first quarterly report in 2018 showed that the company earned 1,477 million yuan, an increase of 3.86 per cent over the previous year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was 1.67 yuan, a decline of 8.89 per cent over the same period, and eps 0.21 yuan.
First, there has been no significant change in the structure of military revenue. As can be seen, the company ' s Māori rate rose by 35.09% in the first quarter, compared to 35.04% in the 2017 annual report.
We believe that the main reason for the increase in management costs is a significant increase in the salaries (or bonuses) of R & D staff in the first quarter of 2018, while the salaries of R & D staff increased significantly in the same year, mainly because of the same increase in the number of R & D staff.
In addition, taking into account the fact that corporate exports are settled in United States dollars, financial costs increase as a result of changes in exchange gains and losses. Third, income increases of less than 5% over the same period are mainly due to or due to delays in the recognition of some of the revenue.
The inventory is $1,196 million, an increase of $310 million over the same period last year, and we have judged that a portion of military and civilian goods has been produced but not yet delivered. We believe that unconfirmed revenue is expected to be recognized in the second quarter.
We believe that, although the quarterly report was not as good as expected, given the implementation of the compensatory orders and the expansion of the three-year incremental orders after the 13th and 5th years, contracts and revenues in 2018 are expected to continue to grow at a smooth and faster pace. According to our grass-roots research on the military industries, the effects of military restructuring on the subsectors are not adequate.
Similarly, the main station equipment is less affected by military restructuring. We see that in 2018 the sub-industry of aviation, ships, weapons, etc. continued to grow at a high rate, while the electronic sub-industry or the existence of more compensatory orders.
3. New-energy vehicles have moved by vehicles or have grown considerably, and in the future the transition will continue to be made to integrated equipment dealers: companies have been engaged in new energy businesses since 2013, rapidly expanding to more than 600 million, and the value of commercial bicycles is now about two to three times as much as the value of bicycles, although in 2017 the number of commercial cars has contracted considerably across the industry and the company has grown faster.
The main advantage lies in the relatively large share of cable components and integrated products other than connectors, with a relatively high Māori ratio of more than 70%. In our judgement, the company’s future strategy with regard to new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to integrated equipment suppliers, while penetration with mainstream manufacturers in the use of vehicles, to respond positively to the impact of the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy policy in 2017, and to consolidate and upgrade the base of existing market occupancy rates.
On top of that, there was a major breakthrough in the market for smart Internet cars, logistics cars. \triangleright harvests showed that export operations in 2017 generated $490 million, a 59.78% increase, and the percentage of revenues increased by 247.
The company ' s communications operations peaked in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations and remained in the field of communications in 2018 prior to the transition from 4g to 5g, with a relatively smooth increase expected in 2018. For 5g, the company ' s communications connectors are mainly used for wireless distribution of base stations and data centre equipment, with customers mainly serving as core suppliers to the country ' s communications base, such as Nakhing and Hwa.
A supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions for the 56gbps high-speed connector and a national support fund of $46.2 million, the company is expected to achieve the capacity to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps as the project materializes. We believe that rapid advances in communications technology will release some stock demand for the communications connection market, as well as for the maintenance and maintenance of existing equipment.
\triangleright maintains a “strongly recommended” rating. The company’s quarterly reports are somewhat below market expectations, and we believe that the company’s fundamentals have not changed significantly.
For example, companies have significantly adjusted their quarterly reports because they are lower than expected, or for better buy-in times. The air force’s equipment has been installed at a slower pace than expected; and the public goods market has expanded less than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.