The company’s quarterly reports are somewhat lower than market expectations, and we believe that there has been no significant change in the company’s fundamentals, that the main reason for the increase in management costs or the concentration of salaries for R & D and sales workers, and that there has been no significant decline in the orders and revenues of the military goods themselves. We believe that the company’s performance throughout the year is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate.
The new energy automobile industry is a national policy-supported industry, and companies, as strong firms in the area of new energy car connections, have become deeply involved in projects related to new energy plants in the mainstream of the country, while at the same time actively pursuing international markets and entering the list of qualified suppliers of internationally recognized automobile companies. Companies will capture the dividends of industrial development, expand their market share, and continue the rapid development of new energy automobiles.
Increased investment in automation equipment: Companies are now engaged in intensive procurement, and investment in automation equipment in fixed equipment investment is very high, with a rise in per capita output and sales earnings. There are more joint venture branded cars: there are currently several joint ventures in which companies have entered more than a dozen projects.
There are more than 1 million vehicles, and China is about half the size of the joint venture. The number of cars in the joint venture is high, but not yet up, and the number of companies is higher in terms of the size of the market.
The entire car factory, such as Biadi, will focus more on suppliers’ resilience to risks when selecting suppliers. The new energy automobile business, which last year was hundreds of millions of dollars, has a long-term relationship with Teko, the main rival.
Variations in the value of bicycles: pure electric a00-grade bicycles are worth about thousands of dollars (including wire beams, not including integrated products). Previously, the value of single cars was higher when commercial oil was used to power (old car models) because some of the spare parts were purchased out. The value of plugged-in bicycles was relatively low. Most of the new source car connectors were used for battery interconnections.
2. The reasons for the lower-than-expected reasons for the quarterly reports were explained: \triangleright was mainly the result of increases in the wages of corporate R & D and sales personnel.
The main reason for the increase in management costs is either because of the performance of R & D personnel: first, the number of R & D personnel increased more than in the same year; second, the performance of R & D staff in 2017 was significantly better than in 2016 (we assume that it was introduced or related to market recognition of new products).
Taking into account that corporate exports are expressed in United States dollars, a financial cost increase of $10 million in one quarter is due mainly to changes in exchange gains and losses. And the significant increase in management costs is a one-time event, and if net profits are eroded in the future, we believe that companies will consider other ways to reduce management costs.
Some downstream customers require that goods be fully prepared for delivery and revenue recognition. 3. Main business plans for the future:
As a result of the resources available for development and experimentation, China has also consistently maintained high levels of research and development investment, and has now achieved qualified suppliers in the fields of space, aviation, electronics, etc., which also provides a good basis for its next development. The ratio of companies’ civil-military operations and future trends: the ratio of orders in the area of corporate defence and civil goods has remained essentially equal at different times.
In the future, the company will develop and consolidate its position in the field of defence, expand its market opening and business opening in the area of public goods, try to expand its market share, foster core competitiveness, and inject new new technological industrial bases into the company’s rapid future.
The project is expected to be operational by the end of 2018, with industrial production capacity for new business products, such as PV equipment, high-speed backboards, and new-energy electric vehicle support products, and the construction of company production packages. Corporate military orders are expected to be improved from the second half of the year: the company’s connection business earned 50% or more of its revenues last year, while other operations (of which) are expected to be completed by the end of 2018.
In addition, companies account for a small share of sales revenue per year. Keeping the “strongly recommended” rating. The company's quarterly report is somewhat below market expectations, and we believe that there has been no significant change in the company's fundamentals.
We believe that the company’s performance throughout the year is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate than expected. The air force’s equipment has been installed at a slower pace than expected; and the public goods market has expanded below expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.