Lithium industry (002460): Lithium salt is highly profitable, expanding, and the chain layout of the industry is improving.
The company is the world’s leading producer of lithium compounds and metal, and the supply of diversified lithium raw materials continues to be consolidated. The company continues to acquire high-quality lithium resources globally, and gradually produces lithium, which covers upstream lithium extraction, middle-motivated lithiumization.
During the reporting period, the company intends to increase its interest in the sosoora lithium clay project to 100%, in the production of the articles and metal lithium and downstream lithium batteries, and in the acquisition of 50% of the Africa Goulamina lithium quartz project.
Important links in the value chain, such as recycling. The resource mix of marión+pilgangoora+gooulamina+soona+salt lake (cauchari+mariana+ Qinghai) is expected to exceed 50 million tons of lithium resources (discovered) and equity resources are expected to exceed 50 million tons.
27 million tonnes (reduced from lce) to provide stability for the operations in the lower and middle sectors. Mahun successfully completed three production cycles, with a vision capacity plan exceeding 600,000 tonnes.
The Ningdu line has been modified and the company has formed a “43 million tons of lithium carbonate + 81,000 tons of lithium hydroxide + 2,000 tons of lithium metal” tons of lithium chloride + 7,000 tons of lithium metal (including cauchari, Sonora, Toyo City, Yichun, etc.) industry leader and joint venture.
Lithium salt is the company’s core flowb share/h share (million shares) (logic ratio of lithium carbonate + 76%, lithium hydroxide + 33%) and the release of production, with lithium salt plate yields equal to +66.1%.
This has led to a significant increase in corporate corporate profitability, with the ratio of h1 to 35.13%, and a net gain of $542 million for q2 net non-mortality, which was the highest in the single quarter of the company’s existence. In addition, the gains on fair value changes generated by financial assets, such as pilbara, have led to an increase in non-operational gains and losses.
In the second half of the year, the company’s performance is expected to continue to rise; High-precision self-support companies maintain over 40% Māori in the medium to long term, with profit elasticity better than that of their counterparts. Batteries and recycling operations continue to grow in size, and industrial chain integration is improving.
The company plans to build a total of 15 gwh lithium batteries (hydrium phosphate, polymer batteries, etc.) in Jiangxi and Chongqing, assuming full commissioning in 2024, which is expected to yield more than $12 billion.
Building 34,000 tons of decommissioned battery dismantling and recycling capacity to provide the foundation for expanding the production capacity of the pre-triple drive project. The integrated layout of the company ' s lithium electricity industry chain is being improved.
Lithium prices are rising, and the company’s performance will benefit from a combination of a combination of lithium prices, expansion of production capacity, and cost advantages. Given the industry’s high-growth cycle, and the company’s leading position, we have raised the company’s profit forecast, which is expected to be a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 3: 2021q2 is the highest level of revenue and profits in history, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Lithium Lithium industry (002460): the profitability of lithium salt has expanded significantly, and the industrial chain has become better and better.
He won the second prize for joint research on futures of the China Financial Futures Exchange and the third prize for joint research on futures; the silver and multimedia copper prizes for the Chinese version of the competition for futures; and the third prize for the soybean futures of the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
China’s share in the future is a prize for the company’s entry to the market. He was a former author of Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Shanghai futures delivery, and the Hobbler’s view of his research.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.