The performance of companies increased significantly, as did the performance of companies, as did the performance of companies, which increased by upswinging prices, and the volume of lithium salt products, which expanded in a multi-dimensional layout to expand the space for future growth.
1) On the price side, it has benefited from the boom in the new energy automobile industry, and the rise in lithium prices has continued. According to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, in the first half of the year, the domestic sales of new energy vehicles reached 1.26,000 vehicles, an increase of about 200% compared to the same year.
The price of lithium is expected to remain high in the short term, given the tight supply of raw materials.
In the second half of the year, the price of the company’s products was effectively guaranteed. (2) In terms of the volume of sales, the volume of the company’s lithium salt products increased in the first half of the year, mainly because of the increase in the capacity of the lithium salt project to climb the slopes in an orderly manner.
Tons of lithium hydroxide production line capacity to climb the slope and to produce 2021q1 at full capacity; and to replace 1750,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line to upgrade the production capacity, which is currently expanded to 20,000) at the cost end of a slow expansion of resources, a surge in demand for lithium hydroxide downstream, and a steady flow of concentrates.
US$/tonne, 18.79% increase in the same year. Although the average price of lithium lithium has risen significantly, it has increased much less than the one price increase for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide sales, and the profitability of companies continues to improve.
The company has developed a number of measures and steadily, and has now developed a vertically integrated business model for upstream lithium resource development, middle- and middle-stream lithium salt production, downstream lithium battery manufacturing and recycling.
Accommodating the high performance of lithium salt taps by increasing the volume price Accompanies the expansion of lithium products in several projects: downstream battery terminals, extension of the lithium electricity new energy materials project 2. Speed up the layout of the whole industry chain and build the domestic lithium industry
The company is actively promoting the Lithium Lithium clay project in Mexico, has completed the lithium clay process and technical certification, has accelerated the design of production lines, and is planning to acquire them.
Bicanora’s remaining shareholdings guarantee 100% of the equity capacity of the project, seeking to make it a leader in the global lithium-cracked lithium project. In the case of lithium quartz resources, the company indirectly holds an interest in and obtains the sale of the gooulamina lithite project by acquiring 50% of the shares of the Dutch spv company.
With regard to the resources of Salt Lake, the development of the Lithium Lake Cauchari-laroz project in Argentina, which is scheduled to begin production in 2022, has been scaled up in response to market demand.
The ability to produce lithium oxide will reach 106,000 tonnes/year, while the project of 0.7 million tons of metal lithium and lithium is about to be launched in the spring. As the company continues to move forward with the liquid salt layout of the company, the firm’s core competitiveness will be enhanced.
The new lithium battery project and the new lithium battery technology park and advanced battery research institute project in Chongqing, which produced 10 gwh, continue to increase the layout of the lithium electricity industry. The company’s lithium capacity is expected to reach 20 gwh, significantly increasing the company’s profitability.
Large-scale integrated equipment for lithium batteries to achieve sustainable development of the company's business and to create diversified revenue Companies to continue to promote vertically integrated industrial layouts as leaders in the lithium industry, fully benefiting from the risk of volatility in the price of new lithium salt, lower demand downstream, less progress on projects than expected, overseas policies
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.