Resource and Environmental Research Centre Lithium Salt products have risen in volume, and production expansion has continued to increase in volume of lithium salt products, which has greatly boosted company performance.
An additional 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide produced at the rate of 2021q1 per year; 1.75 million tons of lithium carbonate produced in Ningdu were converted to 2021q1 with a capacity of 20,000 tons per year. The company currently has a battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity of 43,000 tons per year; 81,000 tons per year of lithium hydroxide in the battery class; and 2,000 tons per year of lithium metal production.
In the past, q2 battery-grade lithium carbonate prices rose by about 20% compared to q1, and q3 started to increase at an accelerated rate, and because of the extreme pressure on the supply side, we judged that prices in 2021 were likely to break through the last round of global lithium giants and to continue to configure high-quality lithium resources.
The earth project is $219 million, with a current share of 28.88 per cent, the company intends to buy up a hundred million yuan, a 50 per cent share, and the Mexican sonora project is planning a 20,000-ton lithium hydroxide project in the process of construction. The company acquired 100 per cent of the shares in the Ishai Lithium Salt Lake and invested 900 million yuan, which is currently under construction.
The construction of the cauchari-laroz Salt Lake project in Argentina is progressing steadily, and it is expected that the integration strategy will progress steadily. The company issued an announcement on 5 August on the investment in the titanium plant and the construction of a new lithium battery project with an annual output of 15 gwh, and plans to produce new technologies in Jiangxi.
In the new area of Chongqing, RMB 5.4 billion was invested in the construction of a new lithium battery project with an annual production rate of RMB 3 billion. After the completion of the two projects, the company’s capacity to produce lithium is expected to reach 20 gwh.
The prices of newenyi@gjzq.com.cn metals fluctuated significantly; new energy vehicles were sold less than expected; and new projects were less advanced than expected in terms of production.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment