The company's evaluation reports - the non-ferrous metal industry, the rise in lithium prices, the rise in lithium industry, the acceleration of lithium industry (002460.sz)
Investment events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated revenues of $4.064 billion in the first half of 2021, an increase of 70.27 per cent in the same year; realized net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies
The strong demand for the new energy car industry chain has driven the rise in the lithium industry, driven by the rise in lithium salt prices, and the growth in corporate performance. The large increase in the volume of new energy car production in the first half of 2021 has led to a sustained increase in the overall gas intensity of the new energy car industry.
The price of lithium salt has risen sharply. According to the Kichuan Mobil, the average price of lithium carbonate class has risen by 76.52% to $81,750 tons per year for the battery and 24.03% to $74711 tons per year per year for the battery. The price of lithium salt has increased for the company ' s lithium series.
With the successful completion of the additional lithium oxide production uphill in a quarter and 17.5 million tons of electricity in Ningdu, the capacity of the tank-grade lithium carbonate has been upgraded to 20,000 tons, resulting in an increase in the company ' s lithium salt production over the reporting period. The volume of lithium salt products has risen substantially, driving the company ' s net operating profit in the first half of 2021.
In addition, the fair value change gains from financial assets, such as pilbara, held by the company, have also led to an increase in the non-operational earnings of the company during the reporting period.
The company accelerated the diversification of upstream lithium resources: the company actively promoted the development of the 40,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project at the cauchari-olaroz lithium salt lake in Argentina, ensuring that the project would be operational in 2022: and the company would pay Bacanora at a price not exceeding £190 million.
After the company has made an offer acquisition, the company will eventually hold the ownership of Bacanora, further raising the share in the Mexican sonora lithium clay mine, and the company will further accelerate the construction of the sosoora lithium slime project of 20,000 tons of lithium hydroxide; in addition, the company will acquire the cash.
Fifty per cent of Ramspv's shareholdings are indirectly held in the Lithium Limestone Project in Mali, Mali, for the benefit of and the right to sell: the domestic company intends to purchase the five mineral salt lakes with its own funds of $147 million, 49 per cent of the shares, the five mineral salt lakes have the one-mile lithium salt lake project, and one-mile lithium salt is available.
187,000 tonnes of lithium chloride and 10,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate production capacity. In the case of medium-smelting, technical upgrades to 20,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate-grade production line in Ningdu were completed during the reporting period, as well as the gradual release of 50,000 tonnes of additional lithium hydroxide production capacity in Mahun in the third phase into the post-partum period.
The Division currently has a capacity of 43,000 tons of lithium carbonate, 81,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, and 2,000 tons of lithium metal, and plans to build a project of 50,000 tons of lce lithium salt in Jiangxi Fung City, and 7,000 tons of lithium and lithium metal in Jiangxi Yichun.
Technical path directions in various fields such as consumer-type batteries, tws batteries, power/energy storage cells and solid-state batteries have been deployed and plans have been made for the construction of 5gwh new lithium batteries in Jiangxi and 10gwh new lithium batteries in Gangqingjiang District to expand consumer-type electricity.
The investment proposal is to accelerate the development of the upstream lithium resource, expand the production of middle- and middle-stream lithium salt, deploy lower-stream lithium batteries, strengthen the company's life chain and compete with the moat, and plan to create 200,000 tons of lithium product production capacity in 2025, and consolidate the world's leadership in the lithium industry.
The lithium industry has seen an upturn, and lithium prices have continued to rise. In the second half of the year, in the case of further demand for lithium electricity downstream, and in the event of a substantial shortage of lithium concentrates, lithium prices are expected to be personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.