In January-February of 22 years, it was expected that the year-round performance would increase quantitatively and quantitatively, by about 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis; that the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies would be about $2.4 billion on a year-on-year basis, some 20 per cent longer; and that companies would focus on key markets and tax-free main business would continue to grow faster.
q1 is expected to grow at a significant rate. In January-February, the company achieved a recovery of about $13.1 billion, a net return to the mother of about $2.4 billion, an increase of about 20 per cent over the average, a higher interest rate than the time of the season, a national promotion of year-rounding, and a high-base performance over the same period last year.
The impact of the epidemic, the suspension of Sanya Free City II on 3 March, and its immediate recovery on 8 March, is expected to be relatively low, coupled with the company’s increasing operational flexibility at risk of increasing online business planning, and the company’s 22q1 growth is expected to continue.
China’s tax-free consumption continued to expand and its policy objectives increased confidence. Hainan Province’s 2022 government employment report stated that the goal of 100 billion yuan in sales to try to get off the island would have been an increase of 66.2% over 2021, and the moodledavitt report showed a difference between Hainan’s tax-free income and that of Korea in 2019-2021.
(12.7 (16.6) (18.7) from $19.4 billion to $5.27 billion, with Hainan seeking to build a platform for global consumption excellence and a first destination for domestic alternative out-of-country consumption, further expansion of the Hainan duty-free market is expected
Large, the company is expected to absorb consumption dynamics and contribute major sales to provincial goals as a leader. The project, in collaboration with brands, is moving forward, and there is wide scope for future growth.
By January 22, the main structure had been capped, the project hotel industry had signed an intercontinental group; the sea port had been exempted from the average daily turnover of three months (million yuan); the tax city was expected to open in September 22, with a distinctive offer to create a differentiated position; and the company was the head of Macao, China.
Net liability ratio (%) opened at the end of the 22nd year to achieve the strategic layout of the Grand Bay region. Companies work with more than 1,000 brands around the world, have a stronger bargaining power and potential for brand collaboration, and, according to news from the Internet, enjoy a year of luxury branding.
China Tourist Group Ltd. initially announced plans to remove the Korean tax-free shop, the company ' s cooperation with the luxury company is expected to be on the ground, and there is much room for increased corporate revenue on a two-way and brand-rich basis.
The company's expanding access to incremental space is expected to be complemented by growth in its performance as a leader and market expansion, with Hainan's tax-exempt goal, and we expect the company's forecast for 21-23 years to be " China Free: 21q4 is more affected by the epidemic, with 2022 surplus " .
China Frees China: Acquisition of Hong Kong Central Bank Assets Company, improved tax exemption
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business Merchant and retail: retail tourism