Merchant and Retail Tourism Retailed Merchant Tourism Rapid Performance Review 2021: Epidemic delayed q4 performance for medium- and long-term growth Events: Companies released a fast performance report for 2021, and companies achieved a gross revenue of operations during the reporting period
Of these, q4 achieved operating revenues of $18.17 billion/+4.07%, operating profits, and the epidemic affected the decline in the flow of passengers from the island and increased corporate marketing.
From the point of view of guaranteed sales, the company continues to increase its marketing efforts, with discounts on perfumed goods being reduced by three pieces by seven and partial discounts on sales being lower. In the context of the q4 season, the company achieved revenues of $18.17 billion, a 30% increase in ring q3 and is expected to be higher.
The cost amortization factor affects the profit margin of q4. q4 net interest rate is 6.06%, compared to last year’s increase in inventory price readiness, deferred membership credits, bonus fees, etc.
In order to meet the consumer's demand for purchases, the company increased its exemption from the 2021q3 rating: the impact of the epidemic on the Māori rate has declined.
The company’s current membership is more than 20 million, and the increase in sales has also led to an increase in the deferred membership. From a year-round perspective, the company’s battalion, China, is exempt from the 202101 performance (601888).
After New Year’s Day, q1’s performance in a robust tax-exempt market is expected to return to normal in the short term, and the Māori rate is expected to rise again.
The firm’s discount rate has gradually returned to normal levels, q1 Hainan has entered the peak season, and it is expected that there will be a certain increase in China’s (601888), with China’s “Sino-Performance Express”, where, according to previous years, the price of a guest’s unit during the Spring Festival is significantly higher than in other periods.
In the medium and long term, despite fluctuations in short- and medium-term performance affected by the epidemic, companies competed over the medium and long-term.
From the point of view of the supply chain, the goal of exempting one of the world’s top tax-free operations of billions of dollars, free of speech in existing supply chains, would be stronger and more policy-oriented in procurement in the future; and, in the introduction of new brands, exempting them from continuous optimization.
Recently, luxury brands such as Van Keapo, De Beers Eternity, etc., were placed in Sanya tax-free city. The city was opened during the Pingchun Festival, the Haiguchi International tax-free city opened at the end of September, and the third quarter of the year, 2021, is being evaluated: the epidemic has dragged q4 into medium- and long-term growth.
In addition, companies’ advantages in terms of management, membership, brands, etc. are not to be ignored. Investment advice: keeping an eye on the development space of the domestic tax-free industry without short-term fluctuations.
Medium- and long-term development. Give the "buy-in" rating. Taking into account the latest performance reports and the impact of the epidemic, we adjusted the company's profit forecast.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.