Strongly recommended (maintained) that the impact of the epidemic is expected to be phased out, with sustained high performance growth periods - China is exempt from the January-February 2022 major business data review
In January-February 2022, Li Zhaojun achieved business income of about $13.1 billion, an increase of about 20% in the same year; the net profit of the mother is now about $2.4 billion, an increase of about 20% in the same year. Performance is in line with expectations.
The tax-exempt city of Sanya International has resumed operations, and increased sales on-line are expected to gradually eliminate the effects of the epidemic. The tax-free city of Sanya International has been suspended since March 3, in conjunction with the vaccination campaign.
Evening companies issued a notice that the Cdf Sanya International Free City Phase I and Phase II had been restored on March 8 to show that the impact of the Sanya epidemic had been phased out. We do not believe that the short-term impact of the Sanya epidemic is expected to cause a fall in performance in the quarter, and that the increase in online sales is expected to accelerate.
The company plans to scale up its profit-end tests, with the expectation of sustained growth in performance and profitability supported by deepening its relationship with suppliers + product structure and service upgrading + national policy support.
In 2022, the company increased its profit-end test, and now the off-island tax-exempt company is raising the price of its customers. At the same time, the company values the upgrading of its product structure, the upgrading of its class of high-morigin items such as dynamic jewellery, wristwatch, etc., and its upstream supply as the company deepens its relationship with its suppliers.
The new seaport duty-free city is expected to open in September of this year, and will reach new heights in terms of creating a sense of experience and a wealth of goods. The company’s growing power in terms of branding, service upgrading, and so on, is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in profitability.
But the country’s 14th Tourism Plan reflects the importance of duty-free tourism and tourism development, as well as the gradual introduction of such policies as taxes, exemptions, and other measures to alleviate the impact of the epidemic on tourism, tax exemptions, restaurants, hotels, etc.
Industry, we believe the industry is expected to continue to recover and to contribute to the rapid performance of the company.
Policy Support + Precise Anti-Physics, The Industry Panorama is expected to pick up fast. 2022.02.21 The current Sanya International Free City is now back in business, and sales on the line are on the increase, and it is hoped that it will be phased out.
Precision against disease facilitates travel and accelerated recovery in the industry, except for the impact of the epidemic. Companies are expected to show sustained growth in performance and increased profitability, supported by deepening relationships with suppliers + product structure and service upgrading + national policy support.