There are still flash points behind performance, and China expects to improve profitability in 2022 by avoiding disclosure of the 2021 fast performance report The Chinese company achieved revenues of $67,669 million in 2021, an increase of 28.65 per cent over the same period last year (retroactively);
The annual operating profit was $14.736 billion, an increase of 52.02 per cent over the same period last year (retroactively); the annual net profit was $9.592 billion, an increase of 56.23 per cent over the same period last year (retroactively). The annual net profit was 14.17 per cent, an increase of 2.5 pcts.
Quantified by the fourth quarter of 2021, the sum of 18,170 million yuan, an increase of 4.08 per cent over the previous quarter;
In the fourth quarter of 2021, there was a multi-cost amortization that had an impact on single-quarter net profits. According to the company’s previous annual reports, China would be exempt from stock price fall preparation, bonus incentive costs, and use in the fourth quarter.
Accounting for items such as household deferred credits, so that corporate profits in the fourth quarter of 2021 may be affected by the above-mentioned charges, leading to a decline in the parent net interest rate ring in the fourth quarter. In the case of management costs, since China will settle part of the bonus costs through the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2020
Liu Wenzheng has raised the administrative costs by $30/53 million over the third quarter of the year. The company’s overall revenues increased in 2021, and we believe that the bonus costs to settle through the fourth quarter of 2021 are higher than in the same period in 2020.
In the fourth quarter, the discount for Hainan has been narrowed and the Maori rate or ring ratio has risen. In the third quarter of 2021, the South China epidemic was more affected, while the company received income tax benefits and rent concessions from the capital airport, Sin Zexie.
A net profit of $1.88 billion was added to the net profit from the exemption of mothers. According to open passenger flow data disclosed at Seagate Airport, the fourth quarter of Hainan passenger flow has been restored, and we believe that the fourth quarter of Hainan tax-free discount has either been reduced, and the fourth quarter of the company ' s Māori rate or the trend towards a rise in the ring ratio has been observed.
The performance in 2021 was more affected by the three or four quarters of the epidemic, and there were still flash points behind the performance.
At the end of the spectrum, we can see a steady growth in sales in the second half of the year, which is positive for long-term development: first, growth in scale or effective maintenance of supplier relations, the impact of the epidemic is on the national retail market, and branders (suppliers) face falling demand, and are therefore exempt from three or four quarters of demand.
1. China ' s Medium-Standard (601888), with an increase in size that enhances the stickyness with suppliers and allows them to acquire a rich mix of products in the future; and, secondly, growth in the size of the harvest or the effective expansion of the company ' s membership, with the exception of meetings, such as discounts, in the case of the epidemic
2. China’s mid-term (601888) rating of overseas branders has gradually restored supply capacity, international freight prices have stabilized, and company stock levels are expected to be stable.
In the 2020 outbreak, the company moved to raise the stock level to avoid the risk of missing goods and to support brand suppliers. With global brand suppliers exempted from collaboration under the epidemic by mid-2021,
3. China’s Momentum (601888), which has become more normal, and the mode of international freight transport, have gradually stabilized. In our view, China is exempt from the current requirement for stock assessment: dismantling is free of real net interest rates and short-term gains are not a problem.
In 2022, companies will either become more efficient, lower operating costs, and optimize inventory structures. Quarterly repairs Investment proposals: China is now free of competitive patterns, supply chain advantages, and operating patterns.
4. In China, the q3 epidemic was pressured by the Māori, and the Wangqing will be under pressure by the q3 epidemic.
In the first quarter of 2022, with medium- and long-term value no less. Given the company’s latest disclosed performance report, we have adjusted the company’s performance projections, and we expect that the fundamentals will be strong, and that going to Hong Kong will highlight global excellence.
Between 2021 and 2023, net profits were $9.6 billion, $13.2 billion and $16.4 billion, respectively, at a rate corresponding to the findings of the methodological and analytical logic, the report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.