On the basis of this data source, the cumulative number of passengers transported at US Airport in December 2021 or amounted to 1,448.9 million.
Next, the ring rose by 26.33%, compared to 11,469 thousand in November 2021, with a marked rise in passenger flows. If the traffic of RMB 2022 and the flow of people in Hainan continues to recover in the first quarter, or if the number of passengers transported at Meran Airport is highly correlated with the flow of passengers in Hainan.
China’s off-line duty-free operations may benefit from the overall recovery of the Hainan tourism market. Domestic outbreak-control capabilities are steadily improving, and local outbreak control affects or weakens the Hainan passenger flow.
In the third quarter of 2021, several regions of the country experienced successive outbreaks of disease, leading to the emergence of new cases in Hainan, which led to a significant drop in passenger flows and a curtailment of Chinese demand below-line. Currently, our government’s capacity to prevent and control outbreaks is improving, and the impact of regional epidemics on the country’s overall consumption environment is decreasing, with the year 2021.
In December, for example, in the Xian region, where the epidemic led to the closure of the area, the closure of the unit did not have a significant impact on consumption and tourism in other parts of the country, as well as the steady recovery of the Hainan passenger flow.
We therefore believe that an increase in local outbreak control capacity will reduce the impact of the epidemic on China’s passenger flow and duty-free operations in China’s Middle and Free Island. By 2022, the valuation benchmark would have been changed, and China’s current historical valuation would be low.
China is now in a position of historical valuation and configuration. The 14th Five-Year Domestic Trade Development Plan is officially in place, and the tax-free sector will benefit.
On 31 December 2021, the “14th Five-Year Domestic Trade Development Plan” was launched in 22 departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, which states that all levels of government and competent agencies are to actively foster new consumption and encourage the development of consumer development such as customization, experience, intelligence, and fashion.
At present, China is free of both competitive patterns, supply-chain advantages, and business patterns, and has not been destroyed. In our view, the epidemic does not have a significant impact on the profit logic, as long as China’s passenger flow returns in the fourth quarter.
In return, the company’s q4 harvest and profits are expected. The season of the first quarter of 2022 will be over, with no loss of long-term value.
1. China ' s Central China Free (601888) Momental Evaluation Report: Dismantling is free of real net interest rates, short triannual Review: O3 outbreak is a pressure on Māori, Wang
In 2021, he became an assistant to the Dean of the Institute, Sin Zehee, a master of auditing, a three-year work experience in sellers and businesses, and in 2021 he joined the student securities to cover the retail section of social clothing. The author had a qualification or considerable professional competence in the securities investment advisory industry granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure that the report was based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,