China does not disclose an advance announcement on annual performance in 2021. The company expects to realize a net return profit of approximately RMB 9.4-10.1 billion in 2021, an increase of RMB 3.3-4 billion \triangleright over the same period of the previous year (before retroactive adjustment)
Four quarters of 2021, or multiple amortizations of costs, have had some impact on single-quarter net profits. According to the company ' s previous annual reports, China would be exempt from accounting treatment in four quarters for items such as stock price decline preparedness, bonus incentive costs and household deferred credits, so we believe that in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company would have a single-quarter profit.
Liu Wenzheng may be affected by the above-mentioned charges. Since the company’s inventory is related to customs checks, pre-banking vaccinations, etc., we believe that the company’s inventory will be prepared for a relatively long statistical process of price decline and therefore remains in concrete storage.
According to the Hainan Department of Commerce and Industry, 10 offshore duty-free stores in Hainan in 2021 had a total sales value of $60,173 million, an increase of 84%.
Xinzexi@mszq, with a tax-free sales value of 50.490 million yuan, an increase of 83 per cent; 9,676 thousand free purchases, an increase of 73 per cent; 53,49.25 million duty-free purchases, an increase of 71 per cent.
In the context of the continued increase in the total tax-free consumption off the island in the fourth quarter, we believe that the four-season sales are in line with expectations. We predict a total revenue of about $18.5 to 19 billion in the fourth quarter of China, and 1.
Of this amount, China’s total revenue from its operations is approximately $14-14.5 billion, and China’s current or continuous upturn, with the value of the allocation coming into line with the formalization of the 14th Five-Year Domestic Trade Development Plan, the tax-free sector will benefit again in December 2021.
On 31st day, the 14th Five-Year Domestic Trade Development Plan, developed by the Ministry of Commerce and 22 other sectors, was officially launched.
It is stated that all governments and competent agencies are actively promoting new types of consumption, encouraging the development of consumer development such as custom, experience, and season restoration, and fashion. To improve the city’s duty-free shop policy, plans are being made to build a number of Chinese speciality duty-free shops.
3. China’s tax sector will be well received in 2021, and China is expected to accelerate its development under the “planning” approach.
Investment Recommendations: There are currently no competitive patterns, supply-chain advantages or business models in China \triangleright 4.
The epidemic has not had a significant impact on the profit logic, the flow of visitors has been solid, and the global leadership of the Hong Kong market has been highlighted, and the rise will be an effective boost to corporate performance. The first quarter of 2022 will be a season of mid- and long-term value-free.
5. China ' s Middle East exemption (601888): The trend of off-island sales continues to be raised. Taking into account the company ' s latest disclosed performance notice, we have adjusted the company ' s performance projections. We anticipate the increase, and the promotion discounts have no real impact.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.