High levels of disturbance, long-term positive track growth Events: China is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2021, and China is now a leader in duty-free domestic retailing and running its business
The company’s overall performance has grown faster but slightly lower than expected, mainly due to short-term epidemics and competition in the industry.
On the one hand, the short-term impact of the epidemic has not improved significantly. In 2021, Hainan achieved a total of $60,173 million in duty-free sales, of which $50,490 million, or +83 per cent, was tax-free, but q3 and q4 sales were higher than +2.01 per cent and +31.28 per cent, respectively, adding more to the country against a high base for the same period last year.
On the other hand, the introduction of new players diverts some of the company's sales. Dfe data show that the opening of the first edition of the Sea Control Global Exact Free City for about a year has resulted in more than $1.6 billion in duty-free sales off the island; the Sanya Sea Brigade Free City has received more than 2.4 million customers throughout the year.
The island’s tax-exempt competition has increased the sales of split companies, while the exemption from duty on the island was granted to only one participant during the same period last year, and the total equity/flowa share (million shares) has affected the company’s sales performance to a certain extent.
The Division has maintained a high level of sales promotion over the long term, while the impact of an increase in the share of online purchases has affected the level of profits The short-term disturbance of the epidemic continues, with long-term favourable viewing of the high level of duty-free races and the continued growth of companies.
In the short term, there has been a rebound in the recent epidemic across the country, and the tightening of policies has affected duty-free consumption off the island for release. Three days of New Year's Day 22, 600 million yuan worth of free shopping off the island, compared with 9.7%, slowed down, but per capita consumption stood at $9740.
Over 5 million passengers will be transported, an increase of 17 per cent and 34 per cent over 21 and 20 years, respectively, taking into account the increase in the number of confirmed cases in recent periods, or the impact on actual data performance. In the long run, an increase in the share of middle-income groups under the common wealth target will lead to an increase in the demand for alternative consumption, with tax exemptions as a medium- and high-end consumer.
While duty-free competition from the island increases the volume of sales by split companies, it is expected to increase the ability of the off-island duty-free to compete in the international market, help the whole cake to grow, the company to grow off-island duty-free for a long time, and keep working through multiple channels.
The recovery in the scale of sales is expected to continue to benefit from growth in the industry. Control of discounts and the prospect of a steady recovery in the Māori rate, combined with the impact of tax incentives, are expected to improve profitability.
Research assistant: Wei Woo-meng’s improved airport tax-free access is also expected to recover gradually, and the company’s efforts to consolidate its leadership in many areas will be sufficient to benefit from the industrial growth dividend.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 601888: the short term is much more disturbed by the epidemic, long-term good luck with the continued growth of the track, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China has been more disturbed by the epidemic in the short term, with long-term good luck with the continued growth of the track.
The research assistant, Wei Woo-Li, is mainly responsible for research directions such as cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity suppliers, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
Liu Xueqing blames hotels, restaurants, edifying clothes, local life, medical education, etc. for their research.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.