In January-February, the profit center recovered significantly, and the firm's positive efficiency gains were clear.
Corporate announcement: company data released for January-February and revenue and performance increased by about 20 per cent in January-February, compared to the same year. 1) NUSA Views: 1) Corporate income and performance increased by about 20 per cent in January-February, with a net interest rate of 18 per cent, equal to the same ratio, compared to last year ' s distributions of q3 and q4, the impact of the 4.5 days of phase-out of the Bay Bay Hotel in early March and last year ' s high base, and the next March performance still needs to be further observed, and is in the interim
Sex anticipates an increase in corporate income as a whole or a high q1 and equal or marginal increase in maternal performance. 3) In the event of an epidemic and competition, subjective energy stimulates, from size to quality, to management gains, and combined effectiveness is expected to increase overall. 4) In the context of the recent epidemic, we have a slight downscaling of the state of the epidemic, p. 38/31/24x, the valuation is already a good margin of security. The recurrent effects of the epidemic are still present, but recent performance suggests that the company has certified revenues and profits.
At the 6-December and above dimensions, with the continued consolidation of the first status of global tax-exempt, companies are actively engaged in deep-deeping and flow-deepening, with potential for growth. If long- and long-line trips are gradually liberalized, the competition environment or more diversified, but long-line market space will also be announced by companies that, from 1 to February, the company will earn about $13.1 billion in operating income, or about 20% more; and the return performance of mothers will be around $2.4 billion, or the same increase.
Since the beginning of the year, companies have emphasized “efficiency in management”, scientific marketing, narrow discount levels, and a focus on the examination of profit indicators, contributing to a significant increase in the Māori rate. The company has recently continued to introduce brand brands of brands, such as brands of brands, fine products and wristwatches, and fragrance, while at Sanya International Free City, there has been an increase in the number of fashion complexes, co-labs, and good performance in January-February.
This January-February net interest rate of the company was about 18%, compared to last year’s net interest rate of q3 and q4, 25% income tax rate in Hainan, which is 15% tax rate this year, and the difference in airport rent return, but it is also expected to have a negative impact on the difference between branding points. Taken together, the company’s profitability at the business level in January-February was equal or close to being equal.
Business trends and competitive pressures suggest that the company’s profitability improved significantly in January-February this year, further proof that the company’s profit appraisals began to intensify this year, and also helped to alleviate the market’s previous concerns about the center-line profit center. In the short term, there is still a need to track trends in the epidemic and subsequent changes in control policy.
Objectively, the company’s March situation needs to be re-observed: first, the base was high last March, and second, the company’s core profit owner, Sea Bay shopping mall, 300 million, and net interest rates of 12% (seasonal changes and promotions, etc.), which we expect to be under pressure for income and performance in March. Taken together, we predict temporarily neutrally that corporate q1’s overall income or high-digit growth will be equal or marginally higher, with the same parent performance.
According to reports in the January press, Henan Province will try to sell 100 billion yuan in 2022 off-island duty-free shops. It should be noted that the above-mentioned sales volumes, including tax-free plus tax rates, are still key to the follow-up of the epidemic this year and to the subsequent changes in control policy. Given the company’s recent performance, the company is actively promoting a balanced increase in revenue and profits.
At the same time, it is expected that at the end of March, the second dissipation event, which is expected to take place in Hainan in April, will also be a promising stage. With the full consolidation of global leadership, active response to the epidemic and competition, from scale to quality, the company’s subjective dynamics can be fully stimulated.
Since the second half of last year, the market has been concerned about future domestic and foreign competition for the center line of corporate profits, and the valuation phase. But companies have taken the initiative to upgrade their global tax-exempt first position (which is expected to continue at the top of the global tax-exempt scale in 2021).
In the middle, the government supports a return-to-consumption logic, and domestic tax-free cakes continue to grow. In the future, the market is worried about the impact on the ocean’s southern passenger flow, but first, we expect that the pace of liberalization will remain to be followed, not beyond next year.
Third, taking into account the pre-epidemiological outflow of domestic consumption and the recovery of tax-free South Korea this year, we expect that, after the resumption of the follow-up out-of-country trip, the consumption of residents in the country will remain at the core of the government. Thus, when the exit from the country is released, the duty-free shop policy in the city is expected to be strengthened in the future, and its policy space is expected to be broad (in 2019).
In this context, China will use its airport, inner city and all-round channels to create a new and integrated retail industry and enhance internal traffic (including airports, intra-city, online traffic, exit and Hainan) with a central focus on keeping close to the people of the country and enriching their products.
Sku (including limited amounts, blasts, etc.) is a combination of higher price edges and full optimization, such as marketing experience, which constantly enhances their ability to participate in international competition to win market shares, bringing new growth perspectives. Marginal. The recurrent effects of the short-term epidemic are still present.
Strengthened, both by deepening the layout of the channel and digging for traffic, resonance with the inter-city + airport + line, with the prospect of faster cooperation from upstream to downstream sales; and by internal and external competition, where subjective dynamics continue to be strengthened, from size to quality, to management. Long- and long-line trips are gradually liberalized, though competitive or more diversified, but where policies are in place, they move from the 30 million South China passenger market to the 155 million + outbound market.
The market space will be wider. The company is based on the first advantage of global duty-free access, the supply chain, the channels, the repeated flow recovery, the pace of exit liberalization, the policy decline, the country’s tax-free access, and the macro-system. China’s semi-annual assessment of immunity - 601888-2021: rapid growth in post-epidemiology performance and accelerated implementation of offline integration strategies.
_ China — 601888 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Counting to Hong Kong, Consolidating Global First Status - 2021-05-17 Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject