It is strongly recommended that (maintain) the ex-Hananan Islands be duty-free and free carrier high-speed ahead - China is exempt from the 2021 performance advance announcement.
Q4 profits are expected to be under pressure as the situation gets under control, profits are expected to be tax-exempt from Hainan Island, high speed, companies focus on tax-exempt owners and capture Hainan.
According to customs sources at the mouth of the sea, in 2021, China managed a total of 49.5 billion yuan in duty-free shopping off the island, 6.72 million purchases, 704.5 million items and $7368 per capita worth of shopping, an increase of 80 per cent, 49.8 per cent, and 80 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.
On the one hand, given the impact of the epidemic, international cross-border travel, etc., has been restricted, and the relatively good control of the epidemic has led to a return in consumption of luxury goods, duty-free consumption, etc.
The continued liberalization of the policy also provides an opportunity for the development of the Hainan Ex-Island tax-free industry. Free of the constant focus on duty-free major industries, which are increasingly active in branding, supply-chain management, and a significant increase in duty-free off-island operations.
There should be a further expansion of the size of the company and a deeper tax exemption from the island. The short-term impact of the current situation does not alter the long-term growth logic of the company. As the situation is gradually brought under control, the tourism and retail sectors will continue to recover, giving impetus to the growth of corporate performance and future stock listings.
It is hoped that the internationalization of the company will be further enhanced and that the internationalization strategy will be enhanced. Our off-island tax-free industry is already in the advanced stages of development.
The company will show a sharper performance in the deep layout of the tax exemption from Hainan Island by virtue of its solid leader status. Maintain the “strongly recommended” rating.
Note three: Industrial policy changes.