It is strongly recommended (maintained) that duty-free off-island development is fast and that profits are expected to improve continuously - China ' s (60188.sh) fast-track performance for 2021
On 21 January 2022, China released its 2021 performance report. In 2021, it collected 67,669 million yuan, an increase of 28.65 per cent in comparison with the previous year; the mother ' s net profit was 9,592 million yuan, an increase of 56.23 per cent in relation to the previous year; and the tax-free off-island operations were booming, contributing to strong growth in the company ' s performance.
In 2021, according to the Customs Department of Hainan Island, tax-free sales rose to $60,173 million, an increase of 84 per cent compared with the tax-free rate. In the context of the outbreak, tax-free operations continued to grow at a high rate.
In the meantime, the country has gradually eased the duty-free off-island policy, giving the offshore industry and companies tax-exempt operations strong support. A circular issued by five ministries on 19 January 2022 was issued to mitigate the epidemic.
If you are able to do so, you can, on a friendly basis, extend the duration of the operation for a period of only one extension, up to a maximum of two years.
The short-term impact of the epidemic does not change the company’s long-term growth logic, the country focuses on tourism development, and as the epidemic continues to improve, the company will be given a much broader development space and visibility.
On January 20, 2020, the State Department issued a development plan for the “XIV V” tourism industry, which further reflects the country's commitment to tourism development and the development of tourism powers.
We believe that, as the situation improves, the company will be expected to lower its discounts, the under-line business will recover as the flow of passengers rises, and there will be great prospects for tax exemption from Hainan Island and a high rate of tax-free carriers.
2022.01.14 The company is expected to continue with the trend towards a return to consumption plus policy support plus an increase in its own quality.
Consumption ratio, gradually improving profit-end pressure. The company’s duty-free business off the island is growing rapidly, and the future of the Department as a whole is expected to show a sustained high growth in the trend of consumption backflow plus policy support plus rising self-quality.
The effects of the epidemic are repeated; macroeconomic fluctuations; and the risk of policy fluctuations.