q4 Q4 is rapidly recovering from duty-free duty, and in 2022 it is expected that China will gradually improve the 2021 performance forecast for China (601888) Events: the company issued an advance notice of its 2021 performance. The company’s expected achievement in 2021 is attributable to the above.
Wei Hongmei's net profits on shareholders ranged from about $9.4 billion to $10.1 billion, an increase over the same period of the previous year (pre-retroactive), and the company's projected net profits on shareholders in listed companies in 2021 ranged from about $9.3 billion to $9.3 billion.
The tax-exempt duty rate on Hainan Island and the capital airport rent relief cost recovery is estimated at $1,252 million. Increased competition at the off-island duty-free shop has led companies to increase their discounts, adding to their dependence on June 2021, where the country continues to be plagued by scattered outbreaks and increased sales on the line, with the company making a profit in 2021.
The impact was greater, but the net profit reduction for the 2021q4 parent company was significantly narrower and even smaller q4 exit duty-free. In 2021, the Hainan Islands Customs Service supervised a total of 49.5 billion yuan in duty-free purchases, 67.2 million purchases, 7.45 million items of shopping items and 7368 per capita purchases.
The sales of watches and jewellery are among the top three. 2021q4 leaves the island for duty-free purchases of about 14 billion yuan, while there are about 1972 million shopping items, 1.59 million purchases, and free purchases from the island are better than 2021q2, and free shopping from the island is better than 2021q3. 2021q4 leaves the island for duty-free shopping is faster than the tax-free ring.
Free competition from the island is expected to improve.
Only five duty-free companies with exemption from duty on the island operate duty-free shops on the island, and duty-free operators such as China and China are still not eligible for exemption from duty on the island, as a result of which it is less likely that we will be able to follow the example of the Republic of Korea in issuing tax-free license plates, and that duty-free competition on the island is initially stable for a short period of time.
It is less likely that new competitors will enter into price competition. The net profit ring of 2021.4 is significantly smaller than o3, and competition for off-island duty-free operators is gradually improving, given that sales on the line are lower than the increase in Māori.
With the new crown epidemic limiting both the exit and the development of the Hong Kong Trade Port, there has been no significant increase in the number of South China tourists since the New Deal for Free Islands in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, and the exemption from the island is still in the “Tourist + Tax” phase.
Henan is in the early stages of the construction of a free-trade port, with a tourism environment and tax-free shopping, a relatively weak gravitational approach, and an off-island tax-free growth that urgently requires the presence of top luxury brands, such as lv, relying on the iris of a luxury brand to create global knowledge comparable to France's Sherry Street and New York's Fifth Avenue.
In the long run, the Hainan Freeport is being built to make the South China an international consumer centre, and it is hoped that policies will be put in place to limit excessive competition between offshore duty-free shops.
A reduction in the discounts for off-island duty-free shops is proposed: the company is the leading global retailer for tourism and dominates the domestic duty-free retail market, and the offshore duty-free business is expected to benefit from the construction of the Hainan Trade Port and the New Deal for off-island duty-free, the Seaport
International tax-free cities are expected to become operational in 2022, consolidating off-island tax-free status. Companies are expected to maintain a “recommended” rating of companies by 40 times and 33 times.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.