A single-season profit innovation is high and the gold is not afraid of fire.
The same-year increase of 5.55 per cent, the ring increase of 7.76 per cent and the net return to the mother gain of $10.17 billion, or 62.39 per cent, compared to the previous year, the net return to the mother ' s profit of the company q1 increased by $3.906 billion.
The increase of $5.65 billion is mainly due to the increase in the value of copper gold, the share of mineral gold and mineral copper plate Māori on the same scale, which is $32.9.179 billion, and the increase of Māori on other business plates (other than major minerals and smelting ends), which is $720 million on the same year. Other gains are $740 million on investment returns.
By ring, the net profit ring of company q1 grew by 2,474 million yuan. The main reason is the Maori ring ratio \triangleright.
Qiuzu has grown by 6.92 per cent and 7.33 per cent, respectively. The increase in the production of mineral gold has been largely due to growth in production, mainly due to the productivity of projects such as Shanxi Uchi, Yuo Yuoji, Norton Goldfield, Pogra, and 24 years.
The price: 2025q1, the price of mineral gold and copper is 0.43%. The cost of mineral and copper is almost equal, and the cost of mineral gold is rising, while inflation is rising.
On the other hand, or due to the rise in the value of the gold, the selected value has been reduced appropriately. Other profit effects: plus the profit item: the income tax ring has increased by 815 million yuan (q4 extra prognosis of Serbia's income tax income affected by the global anti-tax erosion rule model), and the asset impairment loss ring has decreased by 590 million yuan (q4 end-of-year share of assets).
Impairment losses result in a low base), with a fair value change ring gain of $538 million, of which the main $460 million is the gain from a fair value change in financial assets, which is part of a non-recurring gain of $450 million from out-of-office expenditures, and a performance forecast for 2024 for the 2 Purple Gold Mine (601899.sh)
Numerical point: Intra-natural growth in copper gold production. Copper plate, timok+bor, Democratic Republic of the Congo 3. Purple gold mine (601899.sh) three-quarterly report deep in 2024, Kim Kamua, Tibetan dragons, Juno, Yu village, three world-class copper mining clusters, 2025-2028.
A review of the best performance in history, with growth beyond 2024/10/0, will continue to contribute to the increase; the gold plate, with multiple projects moving in parallel, with Powgra reproducing, maritime gold mining, rosebel, Savayalton constituting a new growth and growing gold production.
The company has acquired several assets in succession since the acquisition of the gold mine (601899.sh). Among these are smaller-cost equity participation projects, such as Solaris Resources, Montage gold, the Gold Group of the Nation, and acquisition holdings, such as the purchase of laarena.
5. 60899.sh) semi-annual reports in 2024. Copper gold mine, akyem gold mine (not yet delivered).3 Near the lowest valuation, short-term collapse, public rating: efficiency gains, three major copper clusters.
He spent 1 billion on a flashback of 64.32 million shares.
One incident: the company published a one-quarter report in 2025, on 11 April 2025, the company disclosed a one-quarter report in 2025. q1 achieved operating income of 78.930 billion yuan in 2025, an increase of 5.55 per cent, a 7.76 per cent increase in the ring, and a net profit of 10.17 billion yuan to the mother, a ratio of the same.
On April 8, 2025, the company first implemented the repurchase of shares, only three days later, as of April 10, 2025, the company completed the repurchase, repurchase of the company's shares, 2 copper resonances, and quarterly re-innovation.
The company is a large multinational mining group that works globally on the exploration, development and mining engineering research, design and application of metal mineral resources, such as copper, gold, zinc, lithium, silver, molybdenum, etc., to provide humans with low-carbon mineral raw materials. The company benefited from a very high price of copper gold from its main product, resulting in net profits from the first quarter of the first quarter of 2025.
The dollar was mainly due to an increase of $5.65 billion in the same year, mainly due to a rise in the value of copper gold, an increase of $3.29.179 billion in the value of mineral gold and $3.29 billion in the same year for mineral copper plates, and other business plates (other than the major mineral products, $1.6 billion, or mainly or mainly because the participating copper gold company benefited from an increase in the price of copper gold).
Euros. Mainly due to the 1.2 billion yuan increase in the Maori ring, mainly due to the increase in the volume of copper gold, the price impact is greater. In addition, the gain is $815 million (q4 extra prognosis for Serbia’s income tax affected by the global anti-tax base erosion legislation template) and $590 million reduction in the value impairment ring (q4 end-of-year calculation).
A low base for impairment losses of some assets) and a net gain of $538 million on fair value changes, of which the main $460 million is a gain on fair value changes in financial assets, which is part of a non-recurring gain, disassembled by 3 Māori ends of off-the-shelf expenditure: the volume rises, the real gold is not afraid of fire.
The large increase in gross profits over the year is mainly due to the increase in the volume of copper gold products, although partly offset by the cost increase, which has continued to grow in single places. The combined Māori ratio of 2025q1 increased by 6.3 pct over the same period, mainly because of the increase in the value of the main metal product, copper gold, and the increase in the Māori rate.
Figure 5: Changes in corporate and mineral combined Māori rates
The mineral zinc/smelting zinc ring is $264 million and $26 million less, respectively, and other non-main products (mainly trade logistics, smelting gold and silver, iron ore, molybdenum, gold products, copper tubes/copper belts, precious metal trade, service operations, etc.) are combined with other operations through combined Māori values.
The increase in the gold ring ratio was mainly due to the capacity of mountain-west purple gold, south-south purple gold, Norton gold fields and Pogra projects to climb the slopes, as well as a new and indicative increase in Peruvian laarena ' s contribution to the ring ratio in December of 24. The increase in mineral gold, mineral gold production and the same increase in gold production was mainly due to the holding stock of mountain-west purple gold (which was affected by the suspension of production during the same period last year), south-south purple gold, and south-south purple gold.
Projects like Norton Goldfield have been able to climb up the slopes, the share in the rise in gold production and the recovery of Powgra have increased by 0.2/0.7 tons, respectively, and new and new Peru laarena has contributed 0.75 tons per quarter, based on an annual production of 3 tons. The same-year increase in mineral copper has been mainly due to the respective shares of the two participating companies, Camoa and the Yulong copper mine.
The cost of mineral copper is more or less flat. The increase in the cost of mineral gold and silver reflects, on the one hand, higher inflation costs, and, on the other hand, increases in gold prices, the consideration of medium- and long-term gains reduces the number of selected products appropriately.
According to Māori data per unit, 2025q1 mineral products grew by an average Māori ring ratio with zinc, and the smelting product unit by Māori ring variation. Māori in mineral gold/silver/copper units grew by 15.56%, 4.33%, and 8.22% respectively, mainly as a result of higher prices than higher costs. Māori ring in smelting copper units rose at the bottom.
Māori ring losses for zinc units in smelters have increased, with limited impact from a decline in the yield and profit of smelters, given that the company ' s mineral production capacity is greater than that of smelters.4 Cost side: a further reduction in the debt ratio and a lower financial cost on a year-on-year basis
The increase in the financial cost ring was offset in part by a reduction in the cost of management and R & D by an increase of $780 million, combined with a total cost of $3.239 billion for the period 2025q1 (including R & D costs) and an increase of $237 million in the cost of the ring, of which the increase in sales resulted in a higher base, a return to normal q1, and an increase in the financial cost ring, mainly due to a higher exchange rate of q4,
q1 returned to normal, and it is worth noting that financial costs have been reduced by $250 million on a year-on-year basis, or mainly as a result of the company’s commitment to repay its debt and reduce its indebtedness.In 2024, the company refinancing its stock in Hong Kong continued to fall by 25q1 mainly for the repayment of high-interest dollar debt
The increase in the non-recurring profit ring ratio of 5q1 was due mainly to the fair value of the non-recurring profits of company 2025q1 (other gains + net gains on investments + net gains on fair value changes) The increase in the ring ratio of $797 million (mainly net return on investments by $356 million) and net gains on fair value changes
Figure 15: Government subsidies (-$18 million) for the external income and expenditure ratio of companies (in millions of yuan), income and expenditure (-$430 million) other than the above-mentioned items, other gains and losses (-$54 million) that meet the definition of non-recurring gains and losses, and the impact of income tax (-$16.6 million)
Gains/losses on changes in fair value and investment gains (+717 million) outside of effective hedging operations related to the Department ' s normal operations, impairments of receivables for individual impairment testing (+0.06 billion) are prepared to revert (+0.06 billion), with a minority figure 16: quarterly corporate income tax and income tax rates
Figure 17: The profits and losses of the company’s quarterly minority shareholders and the share of the company’s minority are estimated to be $1 billion. The price of copper is now expected to remain high, with further increases in the company’s copper production and a sustained improvement in the company’s operating cash flow as projects such as the Kamua series, the dragon mine, etc. are put into operation.
Net cash inflows from the fund-raising activities of 2025q1 amounted to $30.25 billion, compared to cash needs for the same period in the previous year and based on the cash flow of the company, we believe that the firm has had less pressure on its funds.
:: $7,891 million in outflows, mainly due to investment requirements for regular projects.
1) The project is not progressing as expected. There are still more projects under construction in the company, and the construction of the project will still require significant investment of human and material resources, which may be affected by unexpected events that may lead to the project’s being under-executed, with production releasing less pace, which will have an impact on profitability.
2) Prices such as copper have fallen. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, price fluctuations for products such as copper, gold, zinc, silver and iron ore, which have a significant impact on the profitability of companies if macroeconomic growth is pressured, or if the release of large quantities of supplies leads to a decline in metal prices.
3) Geopolitical risks abroad. Corporate investment projects are spread across countries across the globe. Changes in local government market policies, or increases in mining companies’ taxes, enactment of laws that are not conducive to mining companies abroad, could harm the company’s interests and have an impact on its profitability.
(4) Exchange rate risk. Corporate mines are global, involve more assets in foreign currency, and although exchange rates are used to hedge against risk, there may also be a risk of hedging failures or high exchange rate fluctuations.The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.