The gold flow poles, the rise of copper to the rock, yielding revenues of 78,933 million yuan, i.e. + 5.6 per cent, ring + 7.8 per cent; net profit to the mother of 10,170 million yuan, increased production of priority projects such as the Tijuana jm mine, the Tibetan Dragon Copper mine II; and gold mining, i.e., public.
The Division accelerated the technological transformation of projects such as the Rosebel gold mine and the Orora gold mine, as well as the construction of projects such as the akyem gold mine in Ghana, the gross equity/flow (millions of shares) gold mine in the maritime area, laying a solid foundation for the achievement of year-round objectives.
Downstream demand seasonally warming, and subject to the Trump tariffs, domestic copper prices in the United States are up to the highest/lowest price worldwide within 12 months. Copper prices are up, according to lme data, at an average of $9352 per active settlement of q1lme copper in 2025.
As a result of the global recession, the price of lme copper on hand settlement fell rapidly to $8539 per tonne; after that, < [Pacific colourful] UV depth report: day, lme copper on hand settlement price was restored to $9180 per tonne; from both the supply side and the demand side, we look forward to it.
Keep your heart at heart and your heart at the top of the blue clouds, the long-term price center of copper.
According to NBC data, the average value of the q1comex gold futures settlement was $2868 per ounce in 2025, the volume of copper was up, the efficiency of the management was clear, the ratio was +38.5 per cent, the ring was + 7.7 per cent, and the value of the comex gold futures settlement was US$ 3155 by 11 April.
Dollars/ounces, rising continuously. In the short term, under the customs policy of Trunchuan, the global geometry problem, the depth of the gold < [Pacific colourful] purple gold mining report: price avoidance attributes are prominent and lead to price increases; in the long run, the dollar credit is weak and geopolitics are geopoliticized.
We continue to take stock of the trend in the price of the gold cow. >--2024-09-25)
-14.1pc: The ratio of silver to gold from mines is 63.7%, and the ratio from year to year +12.0pt, ring to 0.7pt. The company’s rate of Maori from core mineral varieties has generally risen significantly, with prices rising mainly for products and costs remaining at 7.0% at the end of year q1, and the ratio from year to year +1.60pct showing high-quality business development.
Prominent firms, with high capacity for globalization, high certainty of growth and excellent cost control; steady growth in corporate copper and gold production laying the foundation for development, while gold plays a central role in geo-stabilization, value increases, and companies are expected to benefit fully from the high profile of the industry and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
In the case of copper, the company has continued to promote the expansion of projects such as the lower belts of schilling gold, the schilling copper jm mine and the second phase of the Tibetan dragon mine; in the case of gold mining, the company has accelerated the technological transformation of projects such as the Rosebel gold mine, the Orora gold mine, and the construction of projects such as the akyem gold mine in Ghana, the maritime gold mine, etc., to lay a solid foundation for the achievement of the year-round goal.
Figure 9: q1 achieved 288,000 tons of mineral copper production in 2025 (i) price analysis: copper, rise in gold prices on a par, and global copper price up in the United States as a result of Trump tariffs, according to lme data, q1lme copper in 2025
The average spot settlement price was US$ 9352/ton, compared to +10.8 per cent and the ring value + 1.7 per cent; in April, the expected global recession was triggered by an over-predictation of the equivalent tariff addition, resulting in a rapid decline in the lme copper spot settlement price to US$ 8539/ton; and thereafter, as 75 countries received a 90-day tariff moratorium and a macro-policy increase expected, the lme spot settlement price was restored to US$ 9180/ton by 11 April;
On both sides of supply and demand, we look forward to the long-term price of copper. q1comex gold futures settlement averaged $2868 per ounce, compared with 38.5 per cent, ring + 7.7 per cent; by 11 April, the value of the futures settlement was $3155 per ounce, rising.
Risk avoidance attributes highlight and drive price increases; in the long run, influenced by weak dollar credit and frequent geopolitical developments, we continue to look at good gold price cow trends. (ii) Cost analysis: excellent cost-control capabilities
The cost of selling the company ' s products mainly includes mining, mineral selection, smelting, mineral concentrate procurement, ore transport costs, consumption of raw materials, power, payroll and depreciation of fixed assets. q1 in 2025, the cost of the company ' s soybean/gold concentrate unit was $311.6/178.7 per g, compared to +12.6 per cent/+23.1 per cent, respectively.
Inflation effects have increased slightly, global low-cost levels have been maintained, and cost controls have been effective.
Figure 20: Cost of zinc production from mines by q1 in 2025 Figure 21: Cost of silver production from mines by q1 in 2025 (iii) Analysis of Māori ratio: Māori ratio of sales price increases and cost control support increases by the same percentage
1.1 pct; the rate of zinc in mines is 31.7%; the rate of zinc in mines is +2.8 pct, ring ratio -14.1 pct; the rate of silver in mines is 63.7%, and the rate of silver in mines is +12.opt, ring ratio -0.7 pct. The general increase in the Māori rate of the company ' s core mineral varieties is significant, mainly due to higher product prices, and costs are maintained at lower levels.
Figure 24: Increase in the ratio of q1 mining gold in 2025 Figure 25: Increase in the ratio of q1 mining copper in 2025 Figure 26: Increase in the rate of q1 mining zinc in 2025
(iv) Business analysis: A number of high performances. In 2025, q1 achieved an overall improvement in its operations. Q1 achieved an excellent performance in its operations in 2025 as a result of higher sales of corporate copper and gold, as well as an increase in the Māori rate in its operations.
Analysis of costs and liabilities: decrease in the liability rate and increase in Roe (i) cost analysis: maintenance of low cost during the period (ii) financial analysis: decrease in leverage and significant increase in Roe
There is a remarkable rise, with 7.0% q1 at the end of 2025, and a high-quality growth in business + 1.60 pct. Billion dollars, we believe that companies, as global mining champions, have a strong global capacity for growth, certainty, and excellent cost-control; and that corporate copper and gold production have steadily increased to the cornerstone of development, while gold has become more valuable as a driving force in geo-terrestrial instability.
Demand is not as high as expected; supply is overexpected to release; and the Fed is overstretched. Gold currents are cloudy, and copper is rising to the rock.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.