Performance meets expectations, innovation drives long-term growth - 3-quarterly performance rating of the Chinese Medicines 2025 30 October 2025
Chinese medicine (stock code: 000963), 7.24 per cent more; net profit from non-return to the mother, 2,694 million yuan, 8.53 per cent more than the previous year. In the three quarters alone, operating income was 10,989 million yuan, or 4.53 per cent more than the previous year; net profit from the parent is 933 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 7.71 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation is 932 million yuan, an increase of 8.77 per cent over the same period. 11.45 billion yuan in operating income (including cso operations) was realized in the third quarter, an increase of 11.10 per cent over the same period; net profit from merger repatriation was 2,475 million yuan, an increase of 15.62 per cent over the same period; and the first of these was an increase of 15.62 per cent.
In the third quarter, the operating income was 3,728 million yuan (including cso operations), an increase of 14.95 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of 894 million yuan, an increase of 18.43 per cent in the same year. In the first three quarters of the year, revenues from the sale of innovative products and agency services to companies amounted to 1,675 million yuan, a significant increase of 62 per cent in the same year.
Car-t products, 170 valid orders were issued in the previous three quarters to the co-operative Fangkozi pharmaceutical industry, exceeding the total number of orders for the past year; the first national Usino anti-injection fluid and a new drug type 1 in the self-exempt area.
The company’s exclusive promotion of a new 1.5-generation Parp inhibitor, Senapali capsule, with a bright market performance, has doubled its sales in three quarters. Research and development inputs remain strong, and the value of R & D pipelines has been increasing.
2.186 billion yuan (excluding equity investment), representing an increase of 35.99 per cent over the same period, of which 1,767 million yuan was spent on direct R & D, representing an increase of 53.76 per cent over the same period. Direct R & D expenditure as a proportion of pharmaceutical industry receipts was equivalent to (l858r) replacement of mutagenic nsclc first-line treatment; and differentiated innovation targets for corporate ownership of R & D
The arc line of drugs has formed a gradientd layout covering ror1, fgfr2b, muc17, cdh17, etc., and is in the clinical stage.
The three-point antibodies of l1/vegf/tgf-beta, which currently combines the protein injection with the full target, are at the forefront of global research and development, having completed the ib clinical test for first line non-small cell lung cancer in April 2025.
In October of this year, the first testee of the iii clinical phase of weight management was admitted. The growth of the US-American business was still under pressure, and the industrial microbes as a whole were growing faster.
The combined operating income is about 719 million yuan, a decrease of 7.34 per cent in the same year; the domestic market for medicine and the United States is also in the period of structural adjustment, with 745 million yuan in the previous three quarters, a decline of 18.03 per cent. The company’s core market registration for medicine and the United States has been fully advanced, both domestically and abroad, with new products.
In the first three quarters, corporate corporate income from industrial micro-organisms has continued to grow at a faster rate than in the previous three quarters, at 28.48%. Following the positive expansion of overseas markets, portfolio operations are expected to continue a positive trend.
Investment proposals: The company’s pharmaceutical industry, medical beauty, and industrial micro-organisms, among others, maintain a robust business and create a situation in which I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Qian Bei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, 10 years or more in medical testing + research experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate research is intensive, with two masters in pharmaceutical industry Sun Yi, Pharmaceutical Engineering at Nanjing University/University of New South Wales Business Analysis, employed in People’s Trade Securities in 2021, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.