The impact of the comer on flush prices is expected to increase ground and grow in the long term, and the three-quarterly review of all energy utilities in 2025 will take place on November 01, 2025.
Powerful hydropower (stock code: 60025), billion kwh, yoy+10.46 per cent; of these, q3 was 41,956 million kwh, yoy+10.07 per cent; the main benefit was pottery
In the previous three quarters, the water from the maze river basin was 0.9 per cent more abundant than in the previous three quarters, and the Toba and hard beam power plants were fully operational; if the contribution of the additional loaders was removed, the 25q3 company stock would have an online capacity of 38.58 billion kwh, yoy+3 73 per cent. 25q1-3, the company ' s wind power would have a capacity of 268 million kwh, yoy-14.10 per cent;
Leung Yonan, of which q30 million kwh, yoy-3.6.17 per cent, or mainly by wind resources. 25q1-3, the company's photovoltaic access to 4.306 billion kwh, yoy+63.85 per cent; of which q3 is 1,281 million kwh.
Youy+58.54%, which is expected to be driven mainly by the growth of installed machines. Profitability is somewhat influenced by the downside of electricity prices. 25q3, we measure the company's electricity consumption revenue as a proportion of its six power volumes to yoy-2.3pt. 25q3, the company's electricity consumption cost is $0.068/kwh.
Youy-9.94% or -$0.007/kwh, if the cost of water is considered to be transferred from the operating cost to the operating tax plus, the company’s cost of running electricity is almost equal. Thus, the downside of the price of electricity will generate full-capacity power for the company’s profitability in January of the year, and the rim hydroelectric plant has been built and is scheduled to start production in 2035.
On October 31, 2025, according to our combing, the company ' s theoretical increase in hydroelectric loads in the Clan River Basin was about 1,051 million kW (including all projects in the state of construction and pre-construction planning), which accounted for 37 per cent of the company ' s existing hydroelectric loaders;
On this basis, the long-term growth of companies under the Integrated Water and Light Development Strategy is very broad, taking into account the wind resources of the basin.
Good performance, build-up-coded hydroelectric projects 2.
3. [Galaxy Environment for Public Use] Company comment: The new crew has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is made available to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Galactic Securities”). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.