The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services continues to grow against the wind, and the soft-led mobile panel is about to yield.
Quarterly revenues of about $15 billion, net profit from mothers of 485 million, and overall performance is as expected. 3-quarter panel prices have fallen slightly, the tcl group has grown backwards: the average flat price of the tcl panel dropped by more than 20% in the first three quarters of 2019, and the tcl group's Māori ratio has also fallen from 18.4% in 2018.
13%. For the major panels, the company ' s Māori ratio is still at the forefront of the industry, operating at a profit margin that is the only one that remains profitable in large-scale panels, with a net profit rate that is significantly higher than that of Korea ' s leader, lgd, and the plant ' s friend, which is more profitable than the domestic panel vendor, Yongdong.
1. "Allin displays tcl group-tcl collection ltps-lcd mobile panels with a significant increase in long-term growth: the first three quarters of this year, with a similar trend:
The product structure of PV has shifted from a large television panel to a television and cellular panel, with billions, or 45% higher. The smaller panels produced about 88 million pieces in the first three quarters of the year, with an area of more than 1 million square metres, an increase of 252% in the same year.
The lcd production line t3 has been upgraded to 50k/month, the company has further expanded its production capacity through technological improvements, the Wuhan 6-generation soft-led line is expected to come into production in the fourth quarter of this year, and the large-sized Mini-led next year is expected to be the year of eruption: the company also has heavy reserves for new products and new technologies.
The large-sized product of mini-ledontft backlights and the soft phone oled panel have been released. tclstar has released mled starry products based on mini-ledontft to meet the requirements of the medium-to-high-end market. Mini-led products are expected to reach 5% penetration in the field of television over the next three years.
More than 10 million. The q4 production line of Wuhant4 will become the first six-generation soft-led line of production in the company, with soft-moled panels focused on film and foldable technology in small and medium-sized areas, and the product has been endorsed by a number of brand strategic clients.
The demand for the whole set of downstream television continues to be low, and the company’s new product Mini-led is likely to be less advanced than expected in terms of its large size and soft-led client import.
The price of the panel for the first and third quarters has fallen slightly, and the tcl group has grown in reverse winds. The average price of the television panel has fallen by more than 20 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, with 55 inches, 65 inches and 32 inches falling by the first three, with adjustments of 28 per cent, 24 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively, and so on television.
Continued improvements, particularly the reduced capacity of the panel leader, mainly the Korean factory lig and the Samsung show, have led to a complete halt in the price of the panel in October of this year, with the price ring having narrowed since July, and subsequent company Māori rates are expected to improve as prices stabilize or recover.
Companies have grown by almost 20% this year, with prices falling by more than 20% in the industry as a whole, reflecting the company’s resilience to the cycle. In terms of profitability, companies are also far higher than their peers.
A comparison of the dots shows that the company ' s Māori ratio is still in the forefront of the industry, operating profit rates are the only ones that remain profitable among large-scale panel producers, and the net profit rate is significantly higher than that of Korea and Taiwan ' s leader, lgd and Yoda, and is more profitable than the domestic panel vendor, Yongdong.
This year, the price of the television panel was a major disaster, and the price of the mobile panel was stable, so that the profit level of the Deep Heaven horse would be much better than that of the other large-sized manufacturers. 3q19 Māori ratio 3q19 net profit margin 3q19 net profit margin 3q19 net profit margin 3q19 net profit margin 3q19 net profit margin
In addition, the panel industry was shown to be a highly capital-intensive industry, and the tcl-Wastar PV panel lines were all new production lines in recent years, so there was a greater depreciation of the line compared to old producers like lgd and Yoda PV, and the ebitda ratio of the three did not take into account the impact of depreciation/ amortization on profitability.
As you can see, the ebitda is almost 2.5 times as high as the lgd, and the Yoon is 5.1 times more expensive than the Koreans and plants. Second, the ltps-lcd mobile panel has grown dramatically, and the long-term growth trend has remained unchanged.
In the first three quarters of the year, the product structure of HPV has been transformed from a large television panel to a television panel and a cellular panel, with a large panel of 13.35 billion, or about 55 per cent, and a small panel, which has risen to 11 billion, or 45 per cent. The output of the 11th generation of lcd line t6 has quickly climbed.
80k/month, expected to reach design capacity of 90k/month in November, the company's large-sized panel this year is about 14 million square metres, growing by about 10% from the same year, with a volume of about 30 million pieces. The 6-generation ltps-lcd line t3 capacity in Wuhan has been upgraded to 50k/month, and technological improvements are under way.
In order to continue to expand production capacity, the first three quarters of the year will be about 88 million pieces, with more than 1 million square metres, an increase of 252 per cent. The current average unit price in large sizes is $135 per square metre, while the small size of sizes will be $15.2 billion, and the small size panel will increase to 37.5 billion throughout the year.
III. Wuhan 6-generation soft-led will come into production in the fourth quarter of this year, and the large-scale Mini-led next year has heavy-weight reserves for new products and new technologies, mini-ledontft backlights, and soft-phoneled panels.
A mini-ledontft-based mled stargauge to meet mid-end market demand is expected to reach 5% penetration in the field of television and more than 10 million in the next three years. This year, the q4 q4 will be the first six-generation soft-led production lines of the company.
Soft display techniques such as camera under screens and foldables in the field of flexible amoled panels have been endorsed by a number of branded strategic clients.1 The demand for a full set of downstream televisions continues to be low, and the price recovery for the board will be under pressure.
2. The company ' s new product Mini-led, large in size and soft-led products are about to be put into production, and the importation of new products into the client base is likely to be slower than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment