Research and development continues to add up, promising high-yield purchases.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company realized revenues of $4,288 million, an increase of 9.05 per cent in the same year; net profits of $336 million, a decrease of 12.40 per cent in the same year; net profits of $317 million after deduction.
This is mainly due to the impact of the high two-counting of the large infusion plates in 2017-2018 and the decrease in the non-recurring gains and losses of antibiotics, due to the benefits of the company's relocation last year and the decrease in cash flow as a result of the sale and sale of money. ~18.33 million non-recurring gains and losses of the company during the reporting period (~59.23 million during the same period last year), mainly due to the fact that it went.
At the end of the year, the cash flow was almost complete in the country, and the high-level impact of the company's large infusion product had led to the belief that the major infusion industry itself had passed through the resistance of previous years and the excess capacity of the industry.
The raw material plate has the potential to bounce back into the bottom, and the advantage of environmental high-pressure constantization is evident in Colon. The three core varieties of the company’s raw materials are 6-pa, thiocyanate, and 7-aca.
High, with companies leading the way in terms of environmental protection and costs, and although 2019q1 has been subject to a downward adjustment in prices (currently $165/kg), in terms of cost and environmental considerations, we conclude that this is a short-term price disturbance that does not affect the long-term climate, and that prices are likely to recover slightly in the future;
Volatile at around $440/kg; (3) 7-acca market, where the main suppliers are stable and no recovery increases, and prices are expected to remain stable, with the current offer being at $440/kg. We therefore believe that, in the short term, despite the downward adjustment in the prices of the dominant varieties, the income of the company’s raw material tablets has slowed down, but has been longer.
At the end of the period, the price of the dominant varieties is already at the bottom of the spectrum, and with the prevailing environmental pressures and the effects of recent environmental events, there is a potential for a rebound in future prices that could lead to greater profits for the company.
In terms of consistency evaluation, Colin is in the first stage of reporting progress, and most of the currently approved varieties are the first to pass through, for example, Essexi-Plan, mitraz, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, nitro, oxy, oxy, chloro, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The high performance rate was in line with expectations, the gradual release of new formulations, etc., in addition to the fact that more company-consistency evaluation varieties were ranked ahead of the Be test and declaration, and were expected to be pre-exceeded by the first three, with strong advantages; and that there were many other products in the Injection Evaluation of Colin.
2: The Collon Pharmacy (002422), 2018 report points: the mid-line is at the top of the list and is expected to be the first to pass. Reporting high performance growth is in line with expectations, and Kawaning's performance is driven by production.
3 Collon Pharmacy (002422) Event Review: Mid-Reporting Performances Meeting Expectations, Kawaning Production Drives High Speed Increases,4 Collen Pharmaceuticals (002422) Event Review: Right Meto
"Colonel's coming for the same drug season." 2018-06-05 "The source of financial prosperity in the East."
East Hing Stock Exchange Review. Collon Pharmacy Industry (002422). Research and development continues to add up, promising high-yield procurement contribution performance, and, based on successive procurement experiences, model manufacturers, who are the first to pass a consistent assessment, are expected to take over the country's huge generic market at a price exchange, with Collon as the country's leader.
Intramitive drug research and development leads, whether approved or declared, with comparative advantages, and is a market-based “light-footer”, without a large marketing team, relatively free to compete for prices, and thus more likely to win the bid in a volume-based procurement competition, with the prospect of significant profits for the company. In the long run, it is expected that the Colombo pharmaceutical plate will develop in branding, clustering, taking over the generic market in large areas, varieties, sequences, and combinations.
By December 31, 2018, eight of the company’s innovation drugs had entered the clinical phase, and the human blood plate production process had been restructured.
Innovative monoclinics such as monoclinics have been approved to cover multiple malignant tumours such as rectum cancer and lymphoma, involving three major hot spots: egfr, pd-l1, and her2 with the fastest progress being made with a140-cital anti-similars, the third phase of clinical recruitment is now under way, and three clinical rounds are expected to be completed and reported in 2020, making it the first approved and innovative drug in the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the stock exchange.
Colum Pharmacy (002422). Research and development continues with excellent results and is expected to benefit from overperformance in procurement.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.