Gold mining (601899.sh) Gold copper prices are falling, countercyclical M&A start-up support medium- and long-term growth companies publish three-quarterly reports: $20,41,91 million in the first three quarters, compared to +20.84 per cent;
Non-ferrous — industrial — commodity prices are clearly falling; 2) The average cost of copper and zinc q3 from the company's core minerals is equal to q2 for the sale of core minerals: 40.98 tons of mineral gold produced in the last three quarters, +18.94 per cent, q1/q2/q2
At the same time, the company has published a share buy-back plan and a transferable plan. In the equity buy-back scheme, the company intends to repurchase a stock for the purpose of implementing an employee holding plan or equity incentive, and the total amount of equity funds to be repurchased is not low.
Up to RMB 10 billion, net funds are to be raised to invest in a 30 per cent buy-in project for gold mines in the eastern part of the mountain: 2 buy-in project for mollum mollum mines in the Angère sands: 3 buy-off project for gold mining in the rosebel, Suriname: 4 purchase project for gold mining in Orora, Guyana.
Reverse-cycle M&As, which grow in the medium to long term. Counter-cyclical M&As are the company’s core development strategy, and as the price of large quantities of metals has fallen sharply in recent times, companies have been involved in a number of projects: 1 for the Savayaton gold mine in Xinjiang Ucha territory; 2 for the 30% interest in the mountain-eastern gold mine;
3 Acquisition of the rosebei gold mine in Suriname: 4 Acquisitions of the Angé sarcophagus molten mine: the total value of the four M&A projects amounted to about 13 billion yuan yuan.
The Guernsey Lithium 3q Salt Lake project, with a total resource of approximately 763 million tonnes lce; the first phase of the project, with an annual battery-grade lithium carbonate project, was launched at the beginning of the year and is expected to be completed by the end of 2023.
In April of that year, 70 per cent of the wrong lithium salt lake in Lago, Tibet, was acquired, with a record amount of lithium carbonate from that lake amounting to approximately 2.14 million. The semi-annual advance announcement for the mining of purple gold (601899.sh) was evaluated: tons of core minerals; the first phase of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate.
The company owns 100 per cent of the lithium polymetal deposits in Hunan Province. It owns oxygen.
The project initially planned to build a mine of 10 million tonnes/year, with an annual yield of 60-7 million tons of lithium carbonate.
One Mine will have more than 10 million tonnes of resources, and the projected annual production capacity is expected to outpace 150,000 tonnes of lce. UVM (601899.sh) Annual Report Review: Marketed Core Mineral Production in the Wind Cycle Investment Proposal: Maintained “buy-in” rating.
The process of internationalization has been accelerating, the strategic expansion has been positive in the transformation of energy-enabled industries in new energy sources, and there has been a sustained breakthrough in the configuration of lithium resources, with clear medium- and long-term growth paths that promise to become a global super-first-class international mining company with a “buy-in” rating.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net return to the mother was approximately $16.7 billion and the net return to the mother was about $4 billion in the third quarter.
1) A marked fall in the price of commodities of large metals, with the average value of comex gold 22q1/q2/q3 at $1888/1873/1736 per ounce and the average price of q3 at 7.31 per cent below the average price of q2; the average price of lme copper 22q1/q2/q3 at a certain increase in the average cost of copper q3 and zinc q2 respectively; and 3) a fair value change in corporate q3
In general, we believe that the rapid fall in metal prices in the short term is the company's three-quarter figure: net profit and increase in the company's return to its mother (in billions of yuan, per cent) The volume of core mineral products produced and sold: the company produced 40.98 tons of mineral gold in the last three quarters, compared to 18.94 per cent in the same year.
Copper production of 63.25 million tonnes (including Kamoa equity), corresponding to +54.98%, q1/q2/q3 yields of 19.36/21. 66/222.3 million, q3 production ring ratio of 2.63%; mineral and zinc production of 29.92 million tonnes in the previous three quarters, and production data for the third quarter show some difficulty in achieving year-round production guidelines for gold and copper mines.
Figure 4: Corporate production of core minerals in 2022, Figure 5: Corporate production of core minerals by quarter in 2022
Core mineral cost: RMB 182.10/g for mineral gold units in the previous three quarters, +2.29 per cent in the previous three quarters; Average weighted unit operating cost for mineral copper, RMB 19397/t, + 7.58 per cent in the same period; RMB 7771/tonne for mineral zinc units, + 9.84 per cent in the same period.
Figure 7: Prices, cost, Māori ($/t) for company mineral copper unit sales, Figure 8: Cost split ($/t) for company mineral copper unit sales, Figure 9: Māori rate change for company core minerals
The increase of 2.82 percentage points is mainly due to higher corporate profitability and higher asset-liability rates in the first three quarters of the year. The company’s sales costs in the first three quarters of the year were approximately $491 million, and the company also published a equity buy-back plan and a debt-transferable plan.
a Shares are used to implement employee holding schemes or equity incentives, and the total amount of funds to be repurchased is not less than 250 million yuan (inclusive) and no more than 500 million yuan (inclusive), and the proposed repurchase price is not more than 8.50 yuan/equity (inclusive).
The sum of RMB 10 billion is proposed to be invested in a 30 per cent buy-in project for gold mines in the eastern part of the mountain;2 a buy-in project for molten mollum mines in Angé;3 a buy-in project for gold mines in Rosebel, Suriname;4 a project for gold mining in Orora, Guyana.
In the first three quarters of this year, there was no significant increase in the unit price of the core mineral copper and zinc, even in the context of the fall in copper prices.
The same-year growth of 47.47% was mainly due to endogenous growth, especially with the successful production of priority projects such as the Pégie gold mine in Serbia, the Kamua-Cacura copper mine, and the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the company’s production of mineral copper increased significantly.
Reverse cycle M & As, with a high number of projects: 1 buys Savayaton gold mine in Xinjiang Ucha County. 14 July, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Ucha Northwest Purple, acquired Xinjiang Weifu Mining Limited, a company owned by Alex Investments Ltd., by way of an agreed transfer.
100% equity, with an equity transfer value of approximately $461 million, and $3,826,000 to purchase claims held by creditors such as Alexis against Weifu Mining and Xinjiang Co-source Mines Ltd. The sum of the RMB 499 million. After this acquisition is completed, the company will hold 70% of the shares in the same-source mining and 2.63 per cent of the same-source mining.
Hundreds of millions of dollars in claims, the same-source mining has a 100% interest in Savaarton gold mine in Xinjiang Ucha. Savalton gold mine is located in Urochati commune in Xinjiang Ucha. According to exploration reports, 76,5399 million tons of ores in the mine area (331+332+333), 119.5 tons of gold and metal, with an average grade of 1.56 g/ton, are oversized.
In addition, according to a pre-research report, the project is planned to build 8,000 tons per day, with an annual disposal of 2.64,000 tons of ore for a two-year construction period and a 25-year production period.
Charcoal, an annual gold production of approximately 2.76 tons.2 Acquisition of 30 per cent of interest in gold mines in the Shandong Sea. On 11 October, the company signed an equity transfer agreement with Bowen Mine in Shandong, to finance the purchase of 30 per cent of Sino-Sweed Mining Development Co. Ltd., with the sum of RMB 3,984.5 million.
The mining industry holds 100 per cent of Lei County, Rihai Mining Co. Ltd., and the mining industry owns 100 per cent of the gold mine in the northern part of Sandong Province, Lei County, and the gold mine is located in the northern part of Lai County, Shandong Province, which is the largest gold mine in the country in recent years, with an average value of 4.20 grams per ton.
Obtaining a mining licence. According to the initial development programme, the size of the project design was 12,000 tons per day, and approval of the mining licence, project approval, environmental clearance, energy-saving approval and security facility design review was obtained, based on the evidence; the total investment in project construction was approximately 6 billion yuan, with an investment to date of approximately 1.4 billion yuan and is expected to be in 2025
The project will produce about 15 to 20 tons of gold in the postnatal year, with 23 years of service, and the mine will be mined in the early stages of the mine (approximately 6 g/t) and will produce more than 20 tons of gold in the postnatal year.3 The company acquired the Surinamesebel gold project.
Signing of the Share Acquisition Agreement, whereby the company will finance $360 million to acquire 95% of class A shares held by mg in rosebelgodminesn.v.(rgm) and 100% of class B shares through a wholly-owned offshore subsidiary.rgm owns the Rosebel gold mining project in Suriname (including rosebel).
Mines and salamacca mines. By the end of 2021, the Rosebel gold mining project (including 12 deposits with low grade ore piles) had a total of 196 million tons of ore and 6.99 million tons of gold ore (approximately 217 tons) and an average grade of 1.11 g/t, of which 4 mines had more than 1 million ounces of resources.
Beds; reserves include seven deposits and low-grade piles of gold metal of 3.82 million ounces (approximately 119 tons) with an average grade of 1.09 g/t. Rosebel gold mine is one of the largest active gold-producing mines in South America, with a marked improvement in production and operation since 2019-2021, with real gold production of 112,000 ounces (approximately 3.5 tons) in the first half of the year.
In February 2022, Img published a mine plan, with 12 tons of production service for the Rosebel gold project, with an average of 312,000 ounces (approximately 9.7 tons) in 2024-2032.4 The company acquired an ensormity in the sandy grove.
The gold salami industry, which holds the right to explore polymetal mines in the sarcophagus district of Anhui province, is currently in the process of mining. The sarcophagus mine is a world-class super-produced polymetal mine for the development of salami polymetal deposits, containing 24,594 tons of molten resources, of which 24,594 tons.
The amount of molybdenum resources in the right to prospecting is 2.337 million tons, with an average grade of 0.143 per cent. Under the development utilization programme, the production capacity of ore in the sarcrow molybdenum mine design is 10 million tons/year and the final product of the project is the molybdenum mine (57 per cent of the calcium grade). In the 4.5 year of the construction of the project, the total investment is estimated at 7.2 billion yuan, of which 6.4 billion yuan is invested in construction.
The price of the product sold is $150,000 per ton (including taxes) of molybdenum ore, with an average annual profit of $1 billion, an internal return of 12.48% on project investments, a recovery period of 10.4 tons of lithium resources, and a pattern of “two lakes and one mine”
We consider 2021 to be a crucial year for the strategic extension of the company, with a rapid increase in the production of gold, copper and zinc mines, in addition to the pre-existing advantage, officially entering the new energy metal track with the acquisition and acquisition of the Congolese Kamoa-Kacura copper mine, the Serbian copper gold mine in Pej and the Tibetan lithium salt lake project.
On 8 October 2021, Toronto, Canada, the company signed an Arrangement Agreement with the Canadian Stock Exchange listed company, Neo lithiumcorp. New Lithium, which will buy all issued and circulating ordinary shares of the new lithium company in cash at a price of $6.5 per share, with a transaction value of approximately $960 million (approach).
The transaction was handed over on 26 January 2022. The core assets of the new lithium company are the lithium salt lake project in the province of Catamarca, in the north-western part of the country.
The company has now formed a major management and technical team assigned to the 30-project, which has been launched since the completion of the project. The first phase of the project will be designed to produce 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year, according to a researchable programme, and is expected to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year.
Construction completed by the end of 2023; the project is based on sedimentation, which is simple, low energy consumption, low production costs, and is more reliable in the salt lakes surrounding the project. In addition, project 30 Designed to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate annually on the basis of minimalized financing, the Advisory Body undertook a preliminary study of the expansion of the project.
Under the conditions of evaporation technology, salt lakes could produce 460,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year, and the company would, on the basis of a first phase of work, intensify its research on extension technology in a comprehensive manner and submit a timely programme of technical expansion, complete the relevant certificates, and achieve new production targets as soon as possible.
The company announced on 29 April 2022 that it intended to acquire four assets under the Group’s flag at $7,682 million.
A package, with a core asset of 70% of Lithium Salt Lake in Lago, Tibet, at a cost of $4,897 million. Three other assets are part of the shares held by S.H.I.E.L.L. and its subsidiaries, such as the Mountain Investment Project, the Gangnam Chemical Industry and the Environment of S.I.E.L.A., at a cost of 2,785 million yuan. This is the first domestic purchase of lithium salt lake resources by the Purple Minerals.
Largo's faulty salt lake is a large, stable and low-magnesium-dithium lake to be developed in the country. Largo's faulty salt lake is located in the village of Mami, some 60 km south of the district of Tibet Ali, west of the country.
The project is located in the western part of the North Plateau, at an altitude of 4467-4800 metres, in the subtidal zone of the Plateau, in a dry monsoon climate zone with long daily rainfall of 190 mm and annual evaporation of 2010mm; the rainy season in July and August of each year and the freezing period from October to May of the following year.
The project is planned to produce 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year from the salt fields as a result of the original development and utilization programme. However, after on-site research, technical and experimental studies, outside technical experts and the company ' s technical team believe that the project will lead to an increase in the amount of lithium carbonate.
There is a significant scope for building, and there is a potential for major adjustments to the mining process's technical route, using a joint process of “sorting + membrane treatment” in a more environmentally friendly economy; if new processes are adopted, the first phase of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate, and the second phase of the project is to be increased to 50,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate, which is expected to be higher.
The company announced on 30 June 2022 that it was going to spend approximately $1.8 billion to acquire 71.1391 per cent of its share in the mining of the Hunan thick road, a company that holds 100 per cent of the lithium polymetal mine in Hunan Province, and 870,000 tons of lithium oxide.
The equivalent of 2.16 million tons of lithium carbonate resources. This is the first time that the gold mining industry has achieved a breakthrough in the layout of its hard rock lithium resources. With the completion of this deal, the amount of lithium carbonate equivalents in the “two lakes one mine” controlled by the gold mining industry will exceed 10 million tons, and the projected annual production capacity is expected to exceed 150,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalents.
Lithium-origin polymetal mines are located at the border of cinnamon, which is an advantage in mineral geology and is a scarcely large, low-grade, hard-rock lithium mine in the country. Currently, lithium-origin polymetal mines hold 300,000 tonnes/year of license and have the conditions for rapid development. According to the company’s initial plan, the mineral body is based on a single thick column.
The mines are to be mined on a large scale of 10 million tons/year, with an annual lithium-carbide equivalent of 6-7 million tons, accompanied by projects to construct lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide smelting.
The process is accelerating, and the strategy is expanding to include a dynamic energy transformation in the industry of new energy sources, and the mapping of lithium resources.
Continuing breakthroughs, medium- and long-term growth paths are clear and are expected to join the world's top-class international mining industry in the future, schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author