The reason for the report is: the annual report and the quarterly reviews.
The profit end as a whole has improved and the performance is in line with expectations \triangleright billion yuan, or +46.79 per cent of the year. 2021q1, the company achieved revenues of 1.911 billion yuan, or +51.87 per cent of the year;
Product, customer escort, and performance is as expected. Companies are rich in product types, including almost all car lights; customers include German BMW, Daimler, one gas, and high-quality domestic and foreign customers.
In the year 2020, the domestic epidemic improved, the domestic automobile industry began to warm up, and the quality of products and customer systems helped companies to grow at a high rate in 2020 and in 2021q1.
Market data: April 27, 2021. Overall profit margins improved and profit margins increased. Companies continued to optimize their product and customer structures, tight cost systems, and corporate profits were in the lead in the industry in the first quarter of 2020 and 2021.
In 2020, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate were, respectively, autonomous R&D systems, and the technological advantage of the company expanded. The company, as the lead driver of the lamp, had design development capabilities, including carlight products, carlight electronics, engineering machines, modelling, etc.
In 2020, the company realized the application of the pre-lighting adb projectoram module and the use of the oled technology in the post-combining light, the second generation of voice-interactive cool atmosphere lamps, laser-assisted far-light production; and the signal recognition of indoor lights, images.
At the same time, the company continues to invest in high-level research and development costs of $309 million in 2020, i.e. +34.16 per cent in comparison with the business income ratio + 0.44 ptt. The company’s research and development results are gradually being transformed and it is expected that the company will further upgrade its technology.
At the production level, at the Sputnik Industrial Park, Phase II, the Logistics Centre Project II has been completed and the Serbian Starwood has been installed.
A vehicle-type light development project, with 42 new vehicles manufactured in batches, 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, and 28th Central China, West Side Street, Beijing.
The company, as the leading company in the carlight industry, has a clear technical advantage, and the lamp runs from halogen, silicon to \triangleright intercentre 7
Leed and adb upgrades will gradually increase the value of the bicycle, thereby generating higher corporate profits. Meanwhile, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., which is a high-quality company client, is expected to gradually open up the luxury brand market as the company's customer products move up.
The company is expected to produce this report independently and objectively in 2021 and 2022, respectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, for no reason, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.