Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services q1 non-repatriate + 53% Māori rate has reached the highest level since it was marketed.
+12.3 per cent net profit attributable to the mother, 340 million yuan, or 36.1 per cent of the year, of which $340 million net profit not attributable to the mother, or +53.2 per cent of the year, resulted in a 28.7 per cent Māori rate and net interest rate level for q1 and a sustained improvement in Māori/net interest rate for the company starting in 19 but q4 profitability due to the order season
In the first quarter of 2020, we saw companies under constant pressure to improve their product structure and supply chain management, with Māori/net interest rates rising in both the same and the ring ratio.
The Māori Māori ratio has reached its highest level in a single season since it was marketed, and the overall business performance is higher than expected. 2. Performance meets expectations, strong demand and expansion effects will run through 5g/idc throughout the year, and companies will benefit from the ccl tap.
Speed (mid-movement 235 g base station + 150,000 end-spn tender completed, telecommunications projected for the first three quarters 3. " Profitability continues to improve, waiting for demand and capacity.
In our view, "Technology benefits people and, in the case of copper slabs, reboot, 5g/idc heat will run through the year, with pcb being the main component of communications equipment."
The corresponding pcb/ccl company will grow, and the company will grow at all levels of its business under a continuous ccl-plus telecommunications-like cycle. First, we will judge that the industry will continue to experience a 5g, idc demand, and the ccl will benefit as the main raw material; and second, the company will actively collaborate with communications.
Class/server customers develop high-frequency high-speed copper overlays, and the volume is expected to increase significantly in the year (Janxi New Production Masters for high-speed products) and, given the relatively high unit price and Māori ratio of this class, the share of the increase will make a significant profit; and finally, the company ' s feed-for-electronics is the main supplier of the domestic telecommunications type pcb.
Xing Ji-won has a high share of equipment suppliers, and in 20 years Jiangxi's new production capacity has created an incremental base.
Consider the dilution effect of e-marketing on profit technology) ... corresponds to Liu Yeon Shei 38x/30x25x, taking into account good corporate patterns, the scarcity of high frequency ccl, subsidiary valuations
The demand for liuyanxue@gjzq.com.cn is not as high as expected: the share share of the parent company after it has been listed electronically for profit is much lower than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment