On April 28, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2020: $3.07 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
340 million yuan, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year, and $340 million in net profit from non-repatriation, an increase of 53 per cent in the same year; $570 million in net cash flows from operating activities, an increase of +19.7 per cent in the same year; plus 25 per cent in the previous quarter.
The Māori rate of 20q1 is 28.7%, compared to +4.4pc; the net interest rate is 11.9%; the net interest rate is +2.2pct; the Roe is 3.76%, compared to $10,000, and the actual performance is better if cost implications are not taken into account. The demand for orders such as 5g benefits, cloud computing, etc. is better. One quarter. The company resumes work early, has a higher capacity utilization rate, the product structure continues to optimize, and the scale effect is more visible.
The Unit has continued to expand its production of traditional copper sheeting compared to its 300-m deep, and the high-frequency high-speed plate is progressing well 1) it has continued to expand its production of traditional copper sheeting.
RMB, for use in automobiles, smart terminals, high-value, medium-tg fr-4 and non-halogen fr-4, semi-stabilized tablets and corresponding commodity glues, to the estimated $3.27 billion in post-natal revenues, with an average annual net profit of about $260 million.
Useable status. Quantified high-conducting heat and high-density pcb coatings, master construction completed, major equipment installed and debuggered, officially produced and scheduled for use in the second quarter of 2020, post-partum 2) HF high-speed copper sheets have broken important orders and the product structure will continue to be optimized.
The pcb business product is structured optimally, benefiting 5g, and the cloud calculates the height of the landscape.
The high-end pcb product in the holding company's beneficial electronic positioning, which is to be marketed. High-value 5g products represent a profit electronic business, with a higher proportion of revenue, and the product structure continues to be optimized. The Gianjin electronic phase is currently in the construction phase, with an annual capacity of 700,000 square metres, and high-end perforated boards in large volumes of product positioning, applied to 5g wireless communications, servers, car electronics, etc.
In the second year of the construction of the project, the income from the post-natal period is 1,085 million yuan, with a net annual profit of about 160 million yuan. In 2020, the company plans to account for 1.1 million square metres of the line board.
1. The Sw-printing circuit board industry currently has a market surplus (ttm, general law)
A 40-fold rate for maintaining the company's “recommended” rating, taking into account the company's leadership position in the domestic copper ceiling and pcb industries.1 Increased industrial competition: 2; less than expected: 3; risk of fluctuations in raw material prices: 4; exchange rate fluctuations: Wang Fang; chief electronics officer, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd.; Private Equity Investment in First Markets Ltd., obtained China University of Science and Technology
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.