Newtimers
Profit-based technology: A rise in the price of the overcopper plate, a smile at cycle fluctuations — a sharp increase in the price of the upper overcopper plate raw materials, and a boom in price letters from the top floor floors.
According to Phoenix Network, a recent notice was issued to adjust the sale price of the epoxy resin and acetone, which have been rising at different scales since late March and early April.
Following the issuance of the price increase notice, the stock prices of the main listed companies rose: on 16 June, the build-up of the board, profit technology, ultrasound electrons rose by more than 6 per cent; on 17 June, the profit technology, ultrasound electrons rose by more than 3 per cent, and the build-up of the board by 1.3 per cent — the whole piece of the plate went up.
1. This price increase is not a disorderly and genuine one-year low/highest in the market’s view of some copper-plating enterprises in May:
Price increases reflect price incoherence in low- and medium-end markets. On a cost-weighted average, this price increase in raw materials has increased the overall cost of the coatings by at least 20 per cent, with real cost pressures on the builders, as evidenced by the clear increase in the price of the build-up as an industry lead.
The market recognizes the ability to negotiate and to watch downstream demand warmer. Unlike pcb, the copper-board industry has a high concentration, the combined market for slabs and profit technology has a higher rate of 25%, and the ability to channel cost pressures downstream.
Recognition of bargaining power. On the other hand, the market boom is supported by downstream demand recovery. 5g puncture stations, server panels, moving towards high frequency, high speed, and car electronics, consumer electronic recovery.
Continue to maintain a “highly recommended” rating of technology for profit. The core logic is that technology for profit obtains a comprehensive bottom-of-copper formulation system through “in-house + out-sourcing” with a comprehensive layout in the areas of ptfe, hydrocarbons, seals, etc., thereby consolidating business extension and diluting it with a leading position.
cyclical properties, long-term growth values highlighted. 5g and auto electro-catalytic high end release, high frequency