Technology-for-profit (600183) Electronics, clear industry layout, pcb copper sheet development, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
One billion yuan, or 44.8 per cent more than the previous year, and 1.390 billion yuan less than the mother ' s net profit, or 50.7 per cent more than the same year, were gradually released and structural upgrading contributed to higher profitability. In 2019, the combined sales area of the coated sheet was 9,321 million square metres (+ 7.3 per cent), the sale of the glue sheet was 12,37926,000 metres (+2.51 per cent), and the coating plate was glued.
The revenue from the sale was 10 billion dollars, an increase of 241 per cent, and the Māori rate of 24.76 per cent, an increase of 4.6 pct. In 2019, the public administration expanded its production mainly in South Tong, Xijiang, Xiangxi, and gradually released its capacity, of which Xijiang's main production capacity is expected to come into production in May 2020, taking over the capacity of the Guangdong tg coating, in order to expand high-frequency high-speed production.
Yes. Benefiting from the strong demand for downstream communications pcb, the faster growth of ccl for communications, the faster HF high speeds in China’s system import, and the opening of alternative HF high-speed ccl spaces in China and the United States trade disputes, the accumulation of technology has reached international leadership levels, and the corresponding products are expected to grow faster.
Pcb is a front-line, high-end telecommunications panel supplier with a dynamic expansion capability of 5g: a profit electronic pcb operation with a revenue of 3.04 billion, an increase of 49.4 per cent, and a Māori increase of 28.9 per cent, an increase of 2.9 pct, and a significant 90 per cent increase in sales. In addition to the expansion of plant technology in East Town, it has expanded its production capacity by 1.8 million in Jiangxian.
The e-products have already revealed plans to split up the project, the company’s autonomy is expected to be strengthened, incentives are put in place, and the company is expected to enter a fast-track development path.
Strategic layouts are clear, excellent management aids are flying. Technology for profit is stuck up and down on the product line layouts, core nodes, upstream raw material investment in the United States of America has been marketed, national production of silicon micro-paste has been achieved, and the pcb industry has developed rapidly downstream, becoming an international front-line high-end telecommunications panel provider.
In the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound rate of 28%. Taking into account the company’s high-frequency high-speed coverage, 1. Benefit technology (600183): pcb+copper wheels
A large national production replacement space for copper, and a significant expansion of pcb production, with expected faster performance in the future (2019-10-30) 2. Technology for profit (600183): 5g drive pcb
The market pattern in the letter pcb market has deteriorated. 4. Benefit technology (600183): 5g high-frequency copper in the country (2019-06-30)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.