New material in the north (000786.sz): April 30, 2024.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company realized operating income of $5.944 billion, an increase of 24.62 per cent over the previous quarter; it belonged to the mother-in-law.
The net profit of the division's shareholders was 822 million yuan, an increase of 38.11 per cent over the same period; the parent industry, after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses, accounted for more than 60 per cent of the market share in the gypsum industry, and positive developments The net profit of the company's shareholders was 791 million yuan, an increase of 40.68 per cent over the same period.
Plasmodium +. A “one-wing” development strategy, acquisition of waterproof materials and coating taps, development of waterproof materials and coatings, with waterproofing materials at the forefront of the industry
Gabrielle and the anti-sprawl policy are driving up the growth of business earnings and profits. In the face of weak demand in the industry, business earnings and net return profits have continued to rise upwards and upwards, mainly because of the company’s acquisition of paint-coupled Gabriele, on February 29, 2024, and the company’s operating income in the first quarter of 2024.
In addition to the profits, Gabriel's business income and profits for a month; in addition, the company acts as the lead in building materials for gypsums, waterproof materials and paints, in order to prevent water materials from representing the landscape of the various construction industries; it incurs debt and cross-shares:
In the face of a downturn, the industry’s success has increased, using its own financial and resource advantages to lighten up. Market expansion has continued to expand, with credit sales policies for credit-for-service periods, accelerating market share gains, and sustaining steady growth in operating earnings and profits.
Gabriele also took advantage of the positive development of asset optimization operations, “one wing” driving the corporate reversal upwards. The company achieved 13.82% increase of $2.69 percentage points in comparison with the transfer of monetary funds to excellent assets through cash purchases.
The flow b/h shares (million shares) have improved by $291 million compared to the same year, which is related to changes in the asset structure of the company, the balance sheet of the coating tap Gabriel, and the company's policy of continuous expansion.
The company's cash flow is good, and it helps the company to further reverse and accelerate the increase in market share. The company's business strategy, dominated by a castboard, with water-proof materials and paints on both sides, has taken shape as a pipeline between the company's business of building materials.
Resource synergies are also becoming more evident. We believe that from a combination of complementarities in marketing channels, the use of funds, management support, branding influence, and corporate endorsement, corporate “one-wing” operations will generate mutually reinforcing, mutually reinforcing and positive developments.
Industry demand is becoming more competitive, and companies are entering a period of opportunity. After several years of declining landscapes in the real estate sector, demand for building materials as part of the property chain is weak, not only is the waterproofing industry most affected, but also the need for gypsums and paints.
Marketing, technology, branding, management and scale cost advantages are evident, not only in terms of the firm’s resilience to risk, but also in terms of its ability to achieve rapid internal and external growth and to increase its market share more quickly to buy better assets at higher value.
On April 26, the company’s board of directors adopted waterproof rolls and waterproof sands, as well as a bill to adjust the gypsum production line to further contribute to the company’s business layout. Reverse developments and the fall of the “one-wing” business structure have brought new growth to the company, sustaining the firm’s “strength push”
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): Gabriely and his assets have been optimized, and the leadership of the United States continues to expand.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): Gabriely and his assets have been optimized, and the leadership of the United States continues to expand.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new North (000786.sz): Gabrielle and her assets have been optimized, and the builders continue to grow in reverse.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.