"Platform" North is new in size, with a two-wing cycle with a coded layout on the bottom 28th of 28th 04th of 2024, the company issued a first-quarterly report in 2024: 5,944 million won in 2024q1, compared to 24,62%.
\triangleright ' s profit growth is mainly due to the increase in cardboard sales, higher prices and the contribution of mergers and acquisitions (Carpole added on 29 February 2024).
Plasma sheet price increases are synchronized with the drops, and the high end share rise continues \triangleright due to a cost-price dividend (coal price fall-back);2 in the product structure, profitability is expected to be stronger
The share of high-end products has risen steadily. With the increase of 0.2 yuan per flat price on Tarzan's entire gypsum plate on 4 November 2023 (based on the letter of increase), and the increase of 0.3 yuan per pyre on Tarzan's entire series of gypsum plates and 0.2 yuan per flat on the non-Tate Hills on 26 February 2024 (based on the letter of increase), Māori rates are expected to benefit from the increase in price and increase in stability.
The increase in R & D costs, mainly due to mergers and acquisitions and the increased labour costs of subsidiaries, was 44.65 per cent due mainly to the growth of R & D inputs and the 2023 annual report of North-North New Wood (000786.sz): The profit performance was in line with expectations, with an increased focus on shareholder returns -
In addition, other gains of nearly 47 million increased significantly by 226 per cent from the same year, mainly because companies benefited from advanced manufacturing enterprises.
The "One Wing" highlights long-term values, a robust operating cash flow and a healthy asset-liability ratio.
The net operating cash flow of 2024q1 was -26 million yuan, with 300 million outflows during the same period the previous year, mainly due to significant income growth resulting in an increase of 600 million in sales of goods, the same cash received for the provision of services and other assessments received in the current period: significant increases in sales costs and an improvement in the rate of Maori in a single season.
Cash related to camp activities increased by 43 per cent and outflows decreased by 39 per cent, for example, in taxes paid and taxes paid.
Polly, the lighthouse, accelerated integration; the accelerated transition of the gypsum to “consumable goods”; the progressive positive contribution of the water-resistant assets; and the booming of the sea. We predict a net return of 43.9 and \triangleright to the company from 2024 to 2026, respectively.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.