"One Two Wings" continues to work, Jaya Moe.
Incidents: First Quarterly Report 2024. 2024q1 company realized operating income of $5.944 billion, an increase of 24.62 per cent over the same period; net profit from motherhood of $822 million, an increase of 38.11 per cent over the same period; cost of sequestered net profit from motherhood increased substantially, waterproofing and paints increased substantially, and company performance steadily increased in the first year of 2024.
Quarterly growth in corporate performance is due mainly to: 1) the flat price of cast boards has risen. 2024q1 slabs are downstream, market demand is weak. According to the National Statistical Office, housing completion fell by 20.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2024, and company sales of q1 slabs have remained on the rise against the background of industry demand pressure.
q1 top-heavy gypsum prices, corporate gypsum slabs’ dominant position, leading to a steady increase in revenue. 2) Waterproofing, painting, continues to contribute to higher performance. The company’s waterproofing business continues to expand, with revenue and profits rising significantly, q1’s net profit increasing by 116.53% compared to the year; the company’s q1 paints generate operating income.
430 million yuan, an increase of 487.48 per cent in the same year, and Gabrielle raised the profits and profits of the paint business. Māori rates, net interest rates, and business net cash flows improved. 2024q1 sales of Māori were 28.65 per cent, compared to 1.74 pct, the main reason for the increase in Māori rates at the end of February was 1.
The price increases in the mountains, the dream cast boards, and the price increases contribute to the increase in the Māori rate. (2) Royal Island Port 2024q1 q5,500 Mt. q5500 has averaged a 20.12 per cent decrease in the average flat daily price, lower original fuel costs and improved gypsum Māori rate. 2024q1 net interest rate on sales is 13.95 per cent, compared with +1.44pet, with a net interest rate increase.
The increase is due, on the one hand, to the increase in the cost of sales of new M & As subsidiaries and, on the other hand, to the increase in labour costs of subsidiaries; and, on the other hand, to the increase in R & D costs due mainly to the increase in R & D inputs of companies ' original business and new M & A subsidiaries. In addition, the net cash flow for the operation of 2024q1 is -2.6 billion yuan, compared to the previous year, as adjusted.
The period ($302 million) has improved significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in the net cash flow of new mergers and acquisitions. The “one-wing” layout has accelerated, and the company's overall competitiveness will continue to improve.
The polyolefin (tpo) anti-water film production line and the 50,000 tons per year anti-water slurry production line project, estimated for 12 months from the date of the project, with an expected internal return of 13.39%, will further expand the company's water protection operations, with the potential to improve the city's productivity, competitiveness and economies of scale.
[Galaxy Building] company review report _ New North Building (000786.sz): divisional reinvestment in the construction of 30 million m2 per year of cardboard production lines in the southeast of Hainan
The project will not only further improve the layout of the company's cardboard operations throughout the country, but will also reduce the cost of cardboard manufacturing and transportation and improve the overall competitiveness of the main business. The company's “One Wing” strategy will accelerate progress and layout, and the main cardboard will be one-size-fits-all.
As the pace expands, the city will increase, and the company’s gypsum is further consolidated; the two-wing operations continue to be optimized and improved, the scale of operations expanded, the economy improved, and the company’s performance increased in the future. Investment proposals: as the company’s “one-wing” strategy accelerates, the three major players are expected to continue to grow.
The risk of maintaining high costs of raw materials; the failure to release the productive capacity of companies to meet the Division's good development expectations, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Table 1: Projections of key financial indicators
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.