Ideas Electric (002028.sz) Power equipment i gis at full price and sufficient power to grow in the future
At the end of the month, the total size of the national grid transmission project, Gis, was 5.76 billion yuan, or 78 per cent of last year's bid, with the first three batches of power transfer equipment, amounting to 3.06 billion yuan, an increase of 51 per cent. For example, in 220 kvgis, the number of winnings and the number of city holders increased: the company was in the first half of 2020, during the national network conversion project, Gis.
The winning bid was close to $900 million, or about 85% of last year’s Gis bid, and the city’s share rose from 14.2% last year to 15.6%, and with the start of the bidding exercise in the second half of the year, it is expected that the company’s bid for the Gis will grow significantly throughout the year. For the first time, the Italian market was entered, and the overseas business was continuing to break: the company began to deploy its overseas market in 2009 and is currently operating.
The company’s products have covered dozens of countries and regions, including Russia, India, Ukraine, Pakistan, and the United Kingdom. On 19 May 2020, the third largest global electric company, the Italian National Electricity Corporation, was awarded the Global Sensor Collection Project, the company’s first breakthrough in the Italian market, the international branding of the Ideas and the promotion of Ideas.
Europe’s market openings have been a powerful boost. With the innovation of hand orders, performance is expected to increase throughout the year: the company added $8.12 billion (without taxes) in 2019, and Ideas and Electric: new capital energy, re-launching the taps.
Ideas Electrology: Into the weather cycle, the performance is expected to continue to be high. The Xingen main electrical business is the development, production, marketing and servicing of electrical transmission and distribution equipment, product manufacturing and solutions covering traditional one-time equipment, two-time equipment and electrical electronic devices, and the rare private sector in the transmission and distribution sector south of the Yangtze.
The company's main business is currently divided into five main categories, namely, switches, coils, incompetence, smart equipment, and engineering, and its main products include high voltage switches, capacitors, sensors, relay protection, surveillance, monitoring systems, incompetence compensation, etc.
Core electrical equipment, such as source filters, which are contracted mainly for overseas transmission and distribution projects, is expected to lead to high growth in the company’s performance throughout the year.
The technology threshold for gis is high and access is difficult for second- or third-line manufacturers. A closed mix of sulphur hexafluoride appliances is also called "gas insulation switch ready" (gis, gasinsultedswitchgear), which is a single device in a transformer, other than transformers, such as circuit breakers, isolation switches, local switches, sensors, etc., which is optimized organically combined into a single unit with small size and reliability.
High, easy to maintain, but because of high prices, complex structures, and high technical thresholds, second- and third-line manufacturers are hard to access for a short period of time. Gis has stabilized at around 25% in the centralized bidding for grid transmission equipment, and is the type of equipment with the largest total bid.
At the bottom, the total size of the national grid transmission project, gis, was 5.76 billion yuan, or about 78 per cent of last year's bid, with the first three batches of power switching equipment Gis collecting $3.06 billion, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period. In the case of 220kvgis, the overall price of the Gis bid for the first half of 2019-2020 is on the upward trend, with an average price of more than 20 per cent higher than the same price in 2019.
Figure 5: NCN 2020 Gis equipment will rise in volume by 2020, Figure 6: The size of Singent Electric ' s bid in the first half of 2020 was close to $900 million in gis and a double increase in city occupancy. According to the NNE e-commerce platform, companies will be on NNE 2020.
The semi-annual gis campaign won nearly $900 million, about 85 per cent of last year’s gis bid, and the city’s share rose from 14.2 per cent last year to 15.6 per cent, and the company’s bid in gis is expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year with the start of the bidding exercise in the second half of the year. As raw material prices drop, the cost-adding model will benefit.
The company’s main raw materials are silicon steel chips, copper, iron, aluminium, which account for about 88–90% of production costs, and usually enter into a procurement contract with the supplier within 2–3 months of the winning bid. Thus, if the raw material price is in the lower route, it will facilitate an increase in the company’s Maori rate.
iii. For the first time, the Italian market was opened, and overseas operations continued to break out. Companies began to deploy overseas markets in 2009, drawing on the advantages of their products in the field of distribution and the long-standing accumulation of customer resources.The company’s products now cover dozens of countries and regions, including Russia, India, Ukraine, Pakistan, the United Kingdom, etc.
In 2019, companies added about $1.6 billion in overseas orders, about half of which were in the portfolio, mainly aid projects in Africa, Pakistan, etc. Refunds are better. With the expansion of overseas markets, companies are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
On May 19, 2020, Idea Hertz, the world's third-largest electric company, the Italian National Power Company's Global Intersensor Collection Project, was the company's first single breakthrough in the Italian market, providing a powerful boost to the international branding of Ideas and the opening of European markets.
IV. Profit forecasts and investment proposals, considering that this year is a year of grid investment, new corporate orders are expected to remain high, traditional business is expected to continue to grow steadily, new business is now relatively small, performance contributions are limited, and companies are expected to grow in the future.
1. Investments in the grid are not as high as they are expected. Investment in the grid is influenced by the economic environment and policies, and a contraction in the electricity grid is likely to affect the company’s income from its main business if the economy goes down and leads to a decline in electricity use.2 Overseas markets are not expanding as expected. The company’s overseas markets are concentrated in countries such as Africa, where the political and economic environment exists.
There is some uncertainty that may have an impact on the firm’s recognition of overseas orders.3 There is a short-term risk that output will fall short of expectations because new business, such as corporate transformers and currenters, will need to be managed over time.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data