Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than average industry company publishes its annual report for 2016. In 2016, the company achieved a net return of 62,081 million yuan, a 7.6 per cent increase in the same year, and a return of 209,025 million yuan, a 3.75 per cent increase in the same year.
Overall performance grew slightly faster than expected, and profits recovered on a year-on-year basis before the fourth quarter of the year of collection and provision. In 2016, the company achieved a net return profit of $620.81 billion, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, a slight increase over our expectations, mainly if the performance of the fourth quarter of the year exceeded expectations.
High quarterly gains (57 per cent for the same year and 5.2 per cent for the same ring) resulted in a positive recovery of revenue and pre-repreparation gains, which was mainly due to the contribution of fees and investment returns, a decline in the four-quarter interest margin and lower cost innovation in the deposit structure.
2.39 per cent, with a 13bp decline, a marked increase over the third quarter, mainly due to a higher decline in asset end-of-end returns. Companies have increased their assets in the fourth quarter by a higher volume than at the end of the fourth quarter, and by a higher proportion than at the end of the third quarter, respectively.
Liu Zhiping rose by about 7 percentage points to 63% of the industry at a high level, and the better performance of the deposit structure resulted in only four quarters of poor accelerated disposal, strict confirmation, and a marked improvement in asset quality.
1.87%, at the end of the third quarter. The negative balance is 3.1% higher than at the end of the third quarter, with a 4 percentage point decrease in the speed ring ratio, mainly due to an increase in the amount of bad disposal by the company in the fourth quarter, which is more than 13 billion more than in the third quarter.
By the end of the period, the ratio of poor/overdue 90+ increased by 23 percentage points to 128%, while concern was expressed that the ratio of subprime loans fell by 51bp to 2.1%, and that the significant increase in the four-quarter negative yield ratio was mainly due to an increase in the firm’s negative recognition. The balance of late loans fell by 13% in the same year.
In 2016, zero loans increased to 47.23% of total loans; pre-retail profits accounted for pre-tax profits.
Retail finance accounts for half of the credit balance, operating income, and pre-tax profit as a share of the three indicators. Under the very strong foundations of retailing, we see a reversal of the cycle and stability of corporate performance and an endogenous increase in capital.
The annual report of the corporate sector as a whole is beautiful, with the second transformation of the performance base playing a better business role in an environment of increased credit risk, while the asset quality of the company has improved significantly. Space has increased for the release of 2017 performance, with a slight improvement in the performance rate of 2017, which is projected to be the same as the performance of the company in 2017.
We look forward to the deepening of the corporate two-wing, light-bank strategy, and we believe that the company’s future innovation and input infintech will bring new growth space. We maintain the investment ratings that companies buy.
Long-term economic downturn, continued high credit risk, corporate business risk, etc. Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of rating ratios of relevant reports in the market
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.