Banking: Merchant Banks (600036) Annual Review 2016
On March 24th, the Merchant Bank released its annual report for 2016: one step at a time. Housing mortgages and credit card overdrafts account for 43% of retail loans and
The high growth rates of 27 per cent, 0.42 per cent and 1.4 per cent, respectively, have been effective in addressing the “waste-of-money” challenge while reducing the pressure on company follow-on asset quality. Receivable-type investments account for 9 per cent, a decline of 26.16 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with a marginal impact on them as a result of increasingly stringent regulation.
End of liability: companies compressed high-cost agreement deposits and increased the ratio of current deposits. By the reporting period, demand deposits had increased by 7 percentage points to 64 per cent, effectively reducing the cost of corporate liabilities. High-quality deposits had a clear advantage over corporate liabilities, with an average cost of 1.27 per cent for clients.
This is a 0.53 percentage point decrease.5 The effect of the “one-wing” strategic transformation is evident.
Tens of households increased by 19.32 per cent over the same period. The retail cost-to-income ratio decreased by 1.48 percentage points, and grew rapidly as a “two-wing” driver of investment and capital management operations. The investment bank achieved the same 36 per cent increase in non-interest income, with the third largest share of the bond underwriting market, and the M & A finance ranking in Asia and the Pacific.
The capital is well developed, the financial sector is second, the size of the trust is broken by 100 billion dollars, and the country’s basic pension insurance funds are eligible to be held in trust.
At the end of the reporting period, the rate of non-performing loans from companies stood at 1.87 per cent, up from the commercial bank average of 1.74 per cent. The ratio of non-lending and late-term loans was on the decline, with the ratio of loans from corporate concern at 2.09 per cent. In terms of negative growth, 70 per cent of the increase in non-performing loans was concentrated in manufacturing and mining.
The firm’s credit in these two sectors has been reduced by 10.45% in manufacturing and 35.61% in mining, and in the context of increasing homogenization of bank competition, the firm’s net interest earned on non-interest earned by the company has performed well and has been characterized by its business performance.
Optimization of entry structures can effectively smooth the negative effects of economic fluctuations. We predict commercialization.