Accounting standards boosted profits, premium structure optimized nbv point review report/non-bank finance. On 29 April 2019, China released a single quarterly report and companies achieved a net return profit in the first quarter of the year.
45.517 billion yuan, an increase of 77 per cent over the same period; 31.419 billion yuan in operating profits for parent companies, an increase of 21 per cent over the same year.
The change in value magnifies the volatility of net profits. In terms of operating profits, a steady increase of more than 20% has been maintained. The number of users has remained robust and the five rings have a strong cross-marketing capacity.
The number of safe individual clients was approximately 191 million, an increase of 3.6 per cent from the beginning of the year; Internet users were 561 million, an increase over the beginning of the year; the cost of the first year of life insurance fell and the value of the new business continued to grow \triangleright
The company has taken the initiative to reduce the sale of short-term savings in the first quarter, focusing on long-term and long-term savings in the core product.
A steady increase in the premium plus a drop in the handling fee, a substantial increase in the yield margin, and a steady increase in the income from the insurance premium during the first quarter of \triangleright \triangleright
In terms of cost control, the combined cost of the insurance policy is 97%, which is consistently better than that of a colleague. The net profit from the safe car insurance policy has increased significantly by 77% over the same period.
In terms of life insurance, companies have taken the initiative to compress short-term products, and the first-year premium increases have been affected by, but as a result of:
At the end of the year, the boom in the second-tier market has contributed significantly to the improvement of the overall rate of return.
1. China ' s peace (601318): the leading integrated financial services group, whose value is rising steadily. 2. China ' s peace (601318): the two-wheel drive has worked well.
Summary of company financial statement data projections
Table 3: Insurance premiums for the life insurance plate, Table 4: Insurance premiums for the production block, Table 5: Data for China ' s safe details
Chen Xuan, a doctor of business law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and post-doctor of financial science. Two years of experience in securities industry policy studies. Joined in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.