Company review — the non-bank financial sector is growing steadily and investment returns have improved significantly, and China is safe (601318.sh)
Wuping has issued a financial report for the first quarter of 2019.
1) A total of 378,161 million yuan, or 21.5 per cent more, of the company ' s operating income in the first quarter of 2019, as a result of the implementation of ifrs9 net profits increased by more than 70 per cent over the same period;
Shareholders belonging to parent companies earned $34.119 billion in operating profits, an increase of 21.0 per cent over the year; shareholders belonging to parent companies increased 7.6 per cent from the beginning of the year. In the first quarter of 2019, companies achieved a premium revenue of $274.386 billion, an increase of 2.) Life and health insurance nbv increased robustly, and product restructuring contributed to a significant increase in the value of new operations
In the first quarter of 2019, the company's new business in life and health insurance was valued at $21,642 million, corresponding to an increase in the volume of information provided for the preparation of the present report.
In the first quarter of 2019, companies took the initiative to restructure their products, focusing on high-security, high-value products, reducing the sale of short-delivery savings products, and placing greater emphasis on long-term and long-term savings reserves.
Accumulated product sales with a view to achieving a balanced growth in size and value and steady development of operations in each quarter. During the reporting period, the company introduced a multi-payment guarantee of additional insurance to improve the competitiveness of its products. In the first quarter of 2019, the value of new business offerings for company life and health insurance was 36.8 per cent, an increase of 5.9 percentage points from the previous year.
3. Net profit from safe production insurance increased by 77.3 per cent over the same period, with the insured maintaining a profit. In the first quarter of 2019, the original insurance premium for the company ' s property insurance operations increased by $6,920 million, or 9.5 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the insurance premium earned by the car insurance operations increased by $47,828 million, or 8.4 per cent over the same period: the non-car insurance industry increased by 8.4 per cent.
The revenue from premiums was 17,981 million yuan, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period, benefiting from an increase in investment earnings and income tax, and a 77.3 per cent increase in net profits from safe production insurance, which, thanks to good corporate management and risk screening capabilities, is of good overall business quality and the insured continues to be profitable. The first quarter of 2019 was safe.
The combined cost of production risk is 97 per cent, consistently better than the industry level. 4) Benefiting from the return of capital markets, improved investment returns on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from the return of capital markets, and significant improvements in corporate returns on investment in the first quarter of 2019.
Investment returns of 3.9 per cent increased by 0.2 percentage points from the same year to year; annualized total investment returns of 5.1 per cent from the same year to the same year) increased the transformation of safe banking retail operations, and asset management performance increased further by 7 per cent from year to year.
The quality of production continued to improve. By the end of March 2019, the company ' s non-performing loan rate was 1.73 per cent, down from the beginning of the year. The company ' s asset management business performed well. In the first quarter of 2019, the asset management business realized a net gain of $5,046 million, an increase of 19.9 per cent over the same period.
6) Financial+Technology Strategy continues to deepen, supporting intra-group and external operations. Companies adhere to science and technology-driven business development and continue to deepen their “financial+technology” and “financial+ecology” strategies, strengthening the inputs of the three core technical areas of artificial intelligence, block chains, clouds, and providing strong support within and outside the Group.
By the end of March 2019, the number of corporate technology patents had accumulated to 15316, an increase of 3,265 from the beginning of the year, leading the international financial institutions. In the area of artificial intelligence, the Episcopal Circle was built, and the application landscape was built through the main components of artificial intelligence.
In the area of block chains, the financial system has been integrated into the security monitoring pilot unit of the Ministry of Public Security, and services such as a chain of accounts and a cross-border trade platform on the Tianjin border points have been added to the list of the first batch information files of the network. In the area of cloud technology, the cloud carries hundreds of millions of dollars.
The company is committed to becoming an international leader in technology-based personal financial-life services, actively embracing finance.
Science and technology, leading business change with technology, good business quality, and robust growth in value. We keep looking at the future of the Department, maintaining a “recommended” rating, predicting a shift in the long-end interest rate curve per share in 2019-2021, and a lower than expected sale of insurance products.