Murray Medical (300760.ch): 1h22 performance is in line with expectations, Māori performance increases due to a slight pressure on freight and exchange rates 1h22 are in line with market expectations, and the 2q22 domestic epidemic has reached a small peak, but on the new base
With the build-up, heavy-pound product release and overseas recovery, corporate revenues and net gains have continued to rise steadily to $375, taking into account: 1) a rebound in the domestic epidemic since August or a certain impact on sales of 2h22: and 2) the pressure on the Maori rate caused by rising freight costs and exchange rate movements in the course of the year.
The development of new capital projects for medical care and the bright performance of ivd and ultrasound heavy-pound products: the 2q22 acceleration, the decline in the ring ratio, mainly due to domestic epidemics; the 18 per cent increase in international 1h22 compared to the 18 per cent increase, mainly to benefit from the revival of conventional procurement operations abroad and the overseas presence of life information and ultrasound products
High-end clients continue to make a breakthrough. The rate of 1h22 Māori fell by 1.4 pcts to 64.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because: 1) the rise in crude oil led to a 70 per cent increase in freight costs on a year-on-year basis; 2) the euro depreciated against the renminbi, and the euro as a share of income was higher than the euro as a share of operating costs, resulting in a decline in Māori.
ivd leads the growth of production lines. 1) ivd: 1h22 revenues continue to rise by 30% compared to the same year due to repeated domestic outbreaks of ivd reagent sales, and the recovery of conventional reagent consumption overseas and heavy weights of products led to ivd growth; 2) medical images: 1h22 revenues
This represents a 22 per cent increase, a period of warming of ultrasound procurement activities, sustained breakthroughs in high-end customers, both in and out of the country, and rapid upswings in the new high-end ultrasoundr series and medium-high-end ultrasound series; 3) life information and support: 1h22 income growth of 12 per cent on the same basis, minus 30 per cent for disease-related products.
The short term of inter-provincial hepatochemical reagents collection may create Maori pressure, but it will help to increase urban coverage. The inter-provincial association of hepatochemical reagents led by Jiangxi has collected 8
On 14th, a product declaration was completed covering 22 provinces covering 26 reagents. From the competition in the production of diagnostic reagents, we expect this collection to be priced more or less, but Murray earned about 180 million yuan in 2021, representing only company income/ivd.
In addition, the ratio of sales of Merry biochemical diagnostic products from level III hospitals was only 13 per cent, compared to about 12 per cent in the interior of the country, based on the experience of over 80 per cent growth in the revenue of 1h22 products related to the collection of chemically luminous reagents in Anhui.
The rate of penetration and municipal coverage of the 3rd level of the Myrie biochemical diagnostic product is expected to increase rapidly. The epidemic has rebounded since August or has had some impact on domestic sales in the second half of the year; 2) Mäori, Mäori, the core business portfolio performance.
Domestic vs: to the impact of the epidemic. The central factors influencing the growth of domestic income during this period are: 1) the growth of new health infrastructure driven by the expansion of large hospitals; 2) heavy weight products, such as:
bc-7500 series of ivd, chemical light cl-8000i, biochemical bs - 2800 m, high-end ultrasound r series and completely new medium-end ultrasound i series of medical video production line are growing rapidly; 3) small peaks in domestic epidemic 2q22 to ivd
Negative effects of reagent sales; 1) Continuing breakthroughs by high-end clients in developed countries and regions: 2) Regular post-epidemiological procurement plus life information and support
1h22 income grew by 12.5% over the year, with 2q22 in overseas operations rising by speed, mainly due to the high demand for construction in Europe due to the negative pressure of icu, adding to the 30% increase in income in emerging countries over the same year due to the epidemic.
In vitro diagnosis, 1h22 income increased by 29.8% on a year-on-year basis, with domestic vd reagent sales partially affected by the domestic epidemic.
Cl-8000i, biochemical bs-2800m, good-looking sales. 1h22 income increased by 22.2 per cent from year to year, benefiting mainly from the high-end ultrasound r series and full-news
The high-end ultrasound series is a breakthrough for high-end customers, both in and out of the country, and the international epidemic has rebounded since August this year, with some negative effects on domestic sales.
(ii) Euro 1h22 drops by 9 per cent against renminbi; 3) inter-provincial collection of hepatochemical reagents is about to begin, or vd production lines are about to begin
The Māori rate imposes a certain pressure, and this target is estimated at a multiple of 1.0 standard deviations from the Miri medical average valuation level (50 x) over the past three years (see figure 8).
This target is estimated by multiples, with a premium of 33 x against the current value of 2023epe pieces of medical equipment, mainly reflecting a more defined growth outlook for Murray as a leader in the industry, a stronger R & D capacity, a larger scale effect and a stronger capacity to travel to the sea.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios for Pilgrims International and Pilgrims International.
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected Optimistic scenario: the recipients of this report, by accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), indicate and guarantee their entitlement to this report under the following conditions and agree
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as the “Palang International Securities”), which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
The information contained in this report shall not be used by any person for any other purpose. It shall not be construed as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as being exclusively for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.