q3 Performance Directions are more than expected, domestic radio-frequency chip taps are growing faster - Quantico Trien Quarters performance forecast is again higher and performance is growing faster
Companies issue performance forecasts: 312,326 million yuan in net profits between their mothers in the first three quarters of 2018, long. Being a leading domestic radio front-end chip manufacturer, with excellent product strength and R & D levels, it is expected to be the biggest beneficiary of industry development and national production substitution, continuing to grow faster than the industry as a whole.
Rapid growth. We increase the forecast of corporate profitability, and the net profit share of the company is expected to be increased in 2019-2021, working with existing clients to import new products and to facilitate a sustained outbreak of corporate performance, thanks to active corporate engagement with existing clients and the realization of scale delivery of new products by 2018.
Quarterly sales have increased steadily in size and profitability: radio frequency switches are the company’s dominant product, and the company has developed a combined version of the radio frequency switch implementation method based on the cos process, shortening the R&D week period and allowing the company’s products to become fast-tracked and widely recognized by its clients.
With certification and delivery from mainstream manufacturers such as Samsung and Mi, companies are also expected to expand their customers through the use of mature technology and timely and efficient service capabilities that are available to them, further contributing to the growth of firms. 5g telecommunication technology drives industrial change, and industry+client+product support companies continue to experience a surge in performance.
Changes in communication technology in 5g are expected to drive a significant increase in the number and value of radio front end chips. According to yyr electronicsresearchcenter, the global radio front end market model from 2018 to 2023 is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of 16% per annum, close to $31.310 billion in 2023.
Industry has a huge potential for growth. Corporate clients have continued to expand over the past few years, entering the three-star radio frequency switch in 2012.
In the field of forward layout pa and filters, domestic radio frequency supply chain, 2019 began supplying radio frequency front-end chips to Hwa, opo. We think it started with the company's head on the wind.
In addition, companies are also active in the areas of filtering and pa, and by building fully applied platforms, they are expected to further enhance their market competitiveness at the front end of the spectrum, laying the foundation for sustained growth in the future.