Three quarters of growth continues to be high, with year-round growth of year-round EVAs/Elements Billion dollars, $135 million more than year-on-year, q3 revenue of $470 million more than year-on-year, 159.1 per cent more than year-on-year, q3 less than quarter-yearly.
The net profit of the mother is 170 million yuan, an increase of 151 per cent over the same period. q3’s real performance in the third quarter was close to the pre-arranged ceiling of the company and met expectations. q3’s Maori rate of 52.7 per cent in the first quarter of the year.
The net profit rate is 36%. The company q3 growth is strong, and we expect that China will do well, adding three quarters of China’s output to speed up, and that q4 production will continue to be released, with the expectation that it will continue to outpace expectations.
\triangleright 19h1 began to enter the chain of suppliers in China, China and oppo, benefiting from large customer pulls, company performance is over-expected to grow, and the company ' s bulky product is imported into China and is expected to be the latest flagship aircraft in China.
As a first-line supplier. In terms of research and development, the company completed the technological development of a new generation of silicon-based high-performance and high-performance, low-power-consuming Lina products based on silicon-based processes: at the same time, the company continued to upgrade its design of the original lona to achieve further optimization of product performance and cost.
\triangleright 5g leads to an increase in cellular frequency and high-end applications as the smartphone market matures.
With a 5-g pull, the world-wide front-end market will grow rapidly from 2020. The global front-end market size of the radio frequency market is projected to be 16% in 18-23, and the total size of 2023 will be close to $31.3 billion.
. The filter customers are imported well, they are now starting to contribute their income, and the Division has accelerated the layout modeling of the product, opening up the growth space further.
In the meantime, taking into account the company’s scarcity, we give the company a “recommended” rating.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,