Cheuk Seung-wak (300.782): Three seasons of high growth, continuation, attention to new developments.
Cheo Sheng Wei, located in Si Si City, Jiangsu Province, is a radio-frequency chip design company (tables) incident: the company issued a three-quarterly report in 2019, generating $470 million in operating income from the company 2019q3, which is an increase.
Radio frequency switches (79 per cent), radio frequency front end devices, mainly for the cutting of hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 150.99 per cent over the same period.
Radio frequency low noise amplifiers (19%) are used mainly for receiving channels, with a strong growth in penetration, and national production substitutions contributing to a significant increase in overall performance. Companies have been able to access the supply chain this year.
Other business (2%), including newly introduced filters and ip surges. The company, as the hub of the radio frequency switch, benefits from the validation of the alternative logic of national production. Also, downstream customers are concentrated in areas such as mobile phones, and companies are now entering.
In addition, the company's penetration at its original clientele has increased, with better deliveries of Samsung and millet, supply to customers such as Samsung, Huahua, Mi, Opo and vivo, and overall promotion of q3 performance to corporate guidance ceilings.
91.85% long. 5g is more demanding on radio frequency device technology, and companies have accumulated research and development inputs over the years, supporting product upgrading, driving the overall business up from 0.84 pct to 52.67%. 5g RF chip single machines have increased in value and have been growing in space. 5g mobile phones will be common.
Using the 4*4mimo antenna programme, the number of antennas increased compared to 4g, the number of switches required for single machines doubled, and the number of other radio front-end chips, such as filters, increased. In addition, there are more millimetre wave bands in the future, which objectively require more radio frequency devices, 5g
The market space at the front end of the radio frequency is vast. With the construction of the 5g base station in 2020-2022, it is expected that the 5g mobile phone ratio will rise to 13% in 2020 and over 50% in 2023. We look at the company as the front end of the radio frequency switch.
The business will benefit from the 5g increase in volume. Currently, the radio-frequency filters developed by the company have been created, pa is working on it, and it is hoped that the front end of the radio frequency will be gradually completed, and we will keep our focus on new values 84 times, 53 times, and 40 times, respectively, maintaining the recommended rating.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (300782.sz): Three seasons of high growth, attention to the movement of new products, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
Liu Huixia, research assistant profile Liu Jijiji
Graduated from Dallas State University, Texas, United States, and simulated/radio frequency chip design directions. Used to be a microchip design engineer for China, China, and the Utility. 2 years of experience in securities practice, joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The Chinese People’s University joined the East Hing Securities and Communication Group in 2019.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (300782.sz): Three seasons of high growth, with attention to the movement of new products, do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.