The net profit growth of 5g mobile phones is driving up next year - the 3rd Quarterly Report 2019 issued by the company: 985 million operating revenues in the first 3rd quarter of 2019.
On October 31, 2019, it was 135.03% long. Of this amount, q3 achieved operating income of $470 million, an increase of 159.08% in the same period;
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 170 million yuan, an increase of 150.99 per cent in the same year. 5g mobile phone sales led to accelerated growth in corporate performance. 470 million yuan in the 19q3 quarter, an increase of 159.08 per cent, a net profit of 170 million yuan, an increase of 150.99 per cent and a net profit in the same period.
We believe that the accelerated growth in corporate performance is largely due to a significant increase in the volume of 5g mobile phones. Over the last three quarters, the large number of 5g mobile phones has been on the market, driving the growth in the volume of mobile phones. The company uses both radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise amplifiers for its core products, and 5g mobile phones have been used in mobile phones.
Mobile phones have a greater frequency and demand for radio front-end chips. There has been a significant increase in cellular output, as well as an increase in the demand for radio front-end chips for 5g mobile phones, a slight increase in corporate Māori rates and a significant increase in the net profit of q3.
The share of costs was lower than in the same period last year. The sales cost was 3.46%, and the net profit rate was 36.16% higher than in the same period last year.
Switches and radio frequency lownoise amplifiers, but the company has deployed saw into the filter area. The filters account for more than 50% of the radio front end chips, and the company's energy saw is entering the wider market space, and the company's future development is to be expected.
Investment strategy: The company successfully entered China’s supply chain in the first half of the year, and is now a major mobile provider, such as Samsung, Huaiang, and vivo. The 5g mobile phone sales began in the third quarter of this year, and are projected for 2020 and 2020.
(2) 5g mobile phones are delivered less than expected; (3) increased competition in the market has led to a fall in the price of the product, which has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.