The case of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: the company's performance announcement, which is expected to result in a net return profit of between 3.1 and 3.3 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019.
This is an increase of 127.3% to 137.5% in the same year; the net return profit of $160 to $170 million achieved in the third quarter in the first quarter, which has been increasing at an accelerated rate. We believe that the growth in the company’s performance in the third quarter is largely due to the increase in the national production of radio frequency (RF) by important clients, such as consumer electronics, which has led to an increase in the volume of purchases by older clients + China.
China has accelerated the process of beautification of its mobile phones, replacing them with the products of the Chinese beneficiary countries. According to the company’s 19-year mid-term report, the division has become a qualified supplier through a series of comprehensive tests of the company’s business qualifications, technical capabilities, product performance, R & D management and quality systems, cost competitiveness, delivery capacity, etc. for supply chain management.
One of the central reasons for three quarters of super-high-speed growth is the acceleration in the company’s imports of Chinese products. According to our model, China purchased 3 billion dollars for mobile phones in 2019, while the demand for switchboards and lna products also reached $300 million, making it a huge alternative to the customer’s radio frequency national product.
In the supply chain, the proportion of Chinese purchases of older U.S. radio-frequency plants, such as qorvo, skyworks, has been significantly reduced, and while the largest beneficiaries of order diversions in the short term are Japanese Murata, the replacement of radio-frequency nationalization is still a big trend, and we expect that company q4 performance will continue to be high.
• The company continues to launch new products and expand its future growth space. 1. Saw:saw filters are the most important filters in medium- and low-frequency range, and the company's saw is now on a small scale and will be released further in the future; 2. Inna: The company has completed the technological development of a new generation of high-performance radio frequency low-noise amplifiers products for silicon processes.
In addition, a number of high-performance low-power mobile communications signal low-noise amplifier products based on the silicon process were introduced, and the product covered the application needs of low-medium-high frequency bands. 3, 5g radio frequency switches: the company introduced a large number of mobile communications conductors for 5g sub-6ghz bands to support multiple wave polymer applications.
turner: Tunner is a major increase in high-end 4g mobile phones and 5g mobile phones, and is more difficult to integrate, and the company tunner products will be rapidly released as the 5g mobile phone penetration rises. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
We're going up and down with the risk of less than expected delivery; higher client dependency affects the stability of the collection; 3.
Assumption 1: taking into account the acceleration of the process of substitution of radio frequency nationalization by mainstream domestic customers such as Hua, the 5g mobile phone penetration rate increases by 128%, 50%, and 30% respectively.
The follow-up is a large-scale shipment of 5g mobile phones, as the unit price of Tuner is much higher than the usual circuit switch, because we anticipate scenario 2: taking into account that mainstream domestic customers like Hua are accelerating the process of nationalizing radio frequency, and 5g mobile phone penetration, scenario 3: considering the development and industrialization of saw filters, power amplifiers, etc. in the company's fund-raising project
There will be an increase in patent-authorization revenues and other types of business, and it is expected that future company ip authorizations and other operations will remain stable. No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.