Hekvision (002415) hikvision, administration industryleaderwithstepy growth, iundervaluedwithextstensivechannels
I've been working on it for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"14th five-yearplan" period.2) corporatepersperactive: pbg
I don't know, it's not like I'm going to do this, it's like I'm going to do this, isn't it, isn't it, isn't it, isn't it?
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
14.14%, whichcambergeherifpandemicsubsidesandeconomyrecovers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Transfersoltion proposal(2016-present). Intension & investment relaedreports years, the productionof the projector &dextensestervenueandr & dpersonnelto
Headcouncreasedfrom 5% & 28% to 10% & 48%reactively.r & d achievements: 1) mutual promotionofofofofvereandhardware.2) connection of universaldedicatedsovelateform, algorithmandservice.
I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again, and I'm sure you'll be able to do it again.
Ingligentsecurityhasbeengraduallyappliedtovarouskind sofscenarios brokeragelicitedwouldliketo (education, buildingandhousehold), whileproductsbecomemore
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it, but I'm not going to be able to get it.
Industryheads, PlayersinelligentsecurityMarkealsoinclutetechnology zhang (Liang Xiang Wai), boliu (Liong Quant sandadalgorithmcompanies.comparedwiththesecompetitos)
Xianyinbao, hikvisionunderstandsindustrialdemandsbetterandcompletesifferent zijinwang andyahui
I've been working on this for years, and I've been working on it for years, and I've been working on it for years, and I've been working on it for years.
It's not like we're going to be here, soochowresearchinstitute. reputively.weinitiatithabuyrating. risks: security industrygroveslowsdown,pandemicshock, etc.
Steady is the inner core, debris is the direction, channel value is significant, May 13, 2022.
Lee  Core issue: Short-term performance contest, pbg, smbg failure potential vs overseas, innovation boosts. 1) At the industry level, although it is driven by the high growth of industries such as the City of Peace, snowwork, etc.
At the end of the sentence, but with the influence of more powerful factors such as smart cities, digital villages, stock replacements, service consumption than upscaling, we expect an average annual growth rate of pbg during the 14th Five-Year Plan to be less likely to fail; smbg is more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and macroeconomics.
In a pessimistic situation, there is a risk of a failure in performance; ebg is dominated by larger, nationalized clients, less affected by the epidemic and macroeconomics, and is growing steadily; in the post-epidemiological era overseas operations are warming up, and innovative operations like fluorescents, robots, etc. are expecting more surprises.) According to our calculations, that is,
To enable companies to maintain a 14.14% growth rate in extreme pessimistic scenarios, until the impact of the epidemic subsides and macroeconomics resume normal operations, we expect firms to increase their growth to higher levels. Value judgement: from standardized products to semi-standard, semi-customized solutions, to complete
(iii) From 2016 to the present, fully customized suppliers of industry’s digital transformation programs. This is a unique transformational development process in global manufacturing, with companies consistently producing high R & D inputs, with R & D costs ranging from 5% over 20 years.
Up to 10%, and the ratio of R & D personnel from 28% to 48%. R & D result I: Software, hardware, unified product systems platform, mutual support of the R & D team, software demand-driven hardware development, hardware capacity-led software development. R & D result II: combination of generic and proprietary, software platform + algorithms +
Models + services. In addition to R & D, channeling of advantages + organizational architecture innovations + talent development + flexible production systems, which have brought to the fore the core competitive advantages of companies and a strong industry niche.
Underestimating. With the emergence of the "ai+security" and the gradual expansion of intelligent security into financial, educational, building, home and other settings, the characteristics of industry fragmentation and customization are becoming more apparent. The players currently entering the debris market include the security tap, the technology giant, the arithmetic company, and the industry tap.
Bo, Bo, Wang Yi Zhen, Tang Ya-fik have a pre-eminent advantage over other competitors in terms of perception technology, product hardware, solutions, but the most important differences are in terms of industry understanding and landscape.
A major contribution to this paper is that the marketing network is rooted in a network of well-developed marketing services capable of sinking to the countryside, which is key to enabling companies to better understand and capture industry knowledge and to capture client demand pains; on the other hand,
The research and development system is based on the company's forward movement of R & D and technical support resources to match the network of marketing services that have been laid down, closer contacts and service clients, making the scarce value of the channels particularly evident.
The company is a video-centred smartness networking solution and a big data service provider, with business focus on integrated security, big data services and smart business, open cooperative ecology, service to public service users (pbg), business users (ebg) and small and medium-sized enterprise users (smbg), working on cloud edge integration, trust-sharing
In the field of integrated security, the company has been the world's first video surveillance industry for eight consecutive years, with 24.1% of the global video surveillance market; in a &s' “50 World Security” list, the company is the first in four consecutive years. As of the end of 2022, the company was the first.
The major shareholders are China Electric Haikang (with 36.08 per cent shareholding), which effectively controls China's e-Technology Group. 1.1. Operations: after 2018, divided into pbg, ebg, smbg, overseas, five innovative plates.
In order to be more responsive to the needs of clients, and to be efficient, the company initiated a restructuring of its business structure in 2018, reorganized its resources and divided its operations into three clusters: pbg, ebg, smbg:
1) pbg (Public Service Group): based on the traditional Ministries of Public Security, Transport and Justice, with a focus on urban governance and urban services, adapted to the administrative region ' s block model and to the overall operational needs of urban governance and urban services. Pbg plate income for 2019-2021 was 153.14, 159.87 and 19.161 million yuan, respectively.
Year after year, the ebg plate has been overtaken, although the proportion has declined over year after year. (2) ebg (enterprises and businesses): based on traditional finance, energy, buildings, humanism, the traditional large enterprise market, adapted to the group ' s pattern of vertical operation.
Management needs. For 2019-2021, the ebg block generated $12,449, 147.24, 16,629 million, or 3 per cent, of revenue earned by SMEs. Smbg (Small Enterprise): based on a traditional distribution management team, with a focus on SME market services, efforts were made to create an industrial ecology and platform with product distribution, installation and maintenance services, and saas shared as one.
Smbg revenues in 2019-2021 amounted to $93.46, 92.09 and 13.490 million respectively, representing 16.21 per cent respectively, and II. Innovative operations: eight sub-operations, including the fluorescent network, the Haikang robot, the Haikang car electron, the Haikang microfilm, the Haikang wisdom, storage, the Haikang fire, the Haikang Xi Sha, and the Hai Quan Xi Sha, among which the fluorescent network application panel has been placed on the market.
Having received the receipt, the Heikang robot has initiated preparatory work to split it into domestic markets. The pace of growth in overseas operations is expected to increase further with the gradual liberalization of control of the epidemic in regions like Europe and the United States in 2019-2021. Performance: a ten-year cycle of stable income and profit growth, stable roe and a steady cash flow.
From 2012 to 2021, production of company video products and video services grew from 5.71 million (in units) to 194 million) front-end audio and video products: multiple types of products have been captured on a single basis, including fixed network cameras, blast-proof network cameras, spherical network cameras, simulation cameras, cloud network cameras, integrated cameras, video cameras
From 2011 to 2020, operating income increased from $2,217 million to $28,841 million, with a 10-year compound increase of 2) back-end audio and video products, including nvr, hard disk video recorder (dvr), seacap superbrain, industrial host, coder (dvs), single machine/industrial control/net tubes, etc., for all types of video storage, analysis, management, etc.
Year after year, the ratio declined from more than 15 per cent to 10.81 per cent by 2020; the Māori rate remained at 48 per cent-3) of central control equipment: keyboard products, decoding devices, collage controllers, videoconferencing products, video integration platforms, etc., are an important part of the big screen display system, serving as the command centre, managing the centre ' s various audio and video feeds.
One billion yuan, with a six-year compound growth rate of 35.50 per cent; rising from 9.51 per cent in 2014 to 2020 in terms of research and development costs and rising by 2020, with a steady operating cash flow. 1) Research and development: 2017-2021, companies, so pre-positioning and locking lists, their own capacity to build blood is safe.
2. Core issues: Short-term performance contests, pbg, smbg failure potential vs overseas, 1) industry level. Although the high-growth phase of the sector, which has been catalyzed by the City of Peace, snowwork, etc., is over, smart cities, digital villages, stock upgrades, security services, etc., are influenced by multiple benefits.
We expect security markets to grow at an average annual rate of about 7 per cent during the 14th Five-Year Plan. 2) At the operational level, the security sector is still growing + capital investment is returning + capital capacity, and pbg is less likely to fail; smgg is more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and macroeconomic impacts, and there is a risk of failure in a pessimistic situation; ebg is a majorized, nationalized client.
Households dominate, are less affected by the epidemic and macroeconomic impacts, and are growing steadily; in the post-epidemiological era, overseas operations are warming up, and more surprises are expected for innovative operations outside of fluorescent or robotics.) According to our calculations, even under the extreme pessimistic assumption that the Division’s innovation business is moving into steady state development, firms are expected to grow at a higher rate.
2.1. The high-growth phase in the safe city and the snowworks, which have been catalyzing, has come to an end, and opportunities for structuralization remain. According to the report of the billion-European think tanks, the security sector in China began in the 1960s, with the first time that the security alarm system of the palace museum has been functioning in the protection of the national treasures, and with the official launch of the development of the security sector in China.
Over the next 60 years, China’s security sector has grown rapidly, with applications in specialized technical fields such as physical protection, anti-piracy alerts, video surveillance, blast security, access control, biometric identification, and security against forgery increasing rapidly. In 2020 and 2021, the total national production of the security sector rose by 3.03 per cent and 5.99 per cent, respectively.
510 billion yuan (59.93 per cent) and 59.53 per cent (59.98 per cent) respectively, and 2600 per cent, 9.52 per cent and 9.98 per cent respectively, respectively. Review of the development of the security sector in China, with the exception of safe cities, snowworks, etc., and heavy 1) Safe cities: throughout the period 2000-2015, comprising the Golden Shield project, the Science and Technology Police strategy and 3111 per cent.
Pilot projects, etc., refer to a very large, integrated management system that not only meets the needs of security management, urban management, traffic management, emergency command, but also takes into account the need for image monitoring in the areas of disaster early warning, safe production monitoring, etc., and also takes into account the integration of ancillary systems such as alarms, lockdowns, etc., as well as links to broadcasting systems.
The data of the Network show that, after two rounds of “Scientific and Technical Police” demonstration urban construction and “3111” safe cities, hundreds of millions of dollars have been invested in social security video monitoring systems, which have been installed in 25 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government, 218 municipalities, 290 districts and 2,235 police stations.
2) The Snowlight Project, which is a platform of command at the county, village and village levels of IMCs, supported by IMCs, web-based management and focused on public security video surveillance and networking applications. In September 2015, nine ministries jointly published the "Applications for Networking for Strengthening Public Security Video Monitoring and Monitoring " .
According to the Chinese Network, the size of the security (government demand-type frequency monitoring) and the snowlight projects reached $18.37 billion in 2016 and further accelerated to $42.37 billion in 2017. Figure 10: Development of the security sector in China is dependent on the promotion of priority projects such as the Safe City and the snowlight project.
According to disaggregated data on public expenditure (public security) nationwide, from 348.6 billion yuan in 2007 to 136.3 billion yuan in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 11.20 per cent; the rate of increase was over 15 per cent between 2007 and 2014.
13.902 billion yuan, or 0.87% and 0.28% respectively, at a high growth rate. Smart cities, word villages, upgrading of stock equipment, security services as a share of security services, etc.) Smart cities during the 14th Five-Year Period: The concept of intelligent cities in the country was originally proposed by the Ministry of Construction, and defined with the understanding of intelligent cities.
In 2014, the National Development and Reform Commission defined the city as a new generation of information technologies, such as networking, cloud computing, big data, spatial geo-information integration, to promote new ideas and models for urban planning, construction, management and the intellectualization of services.
On the one hand, the construction of intelligent cities offers many new opportunities for the security industry, providing it with a wider space for development; on the other hand, the boom in the security industry has contributed to the rapid construction of intelligent cities, providing irreplaceable intellectual technology and equipment support.
2) Digital Villages: both the Action Plan for Digital Rural Development (2022-2025), published in 2022, and the Central I document set out the objectives of “a strong push for digital village construction”, “enhanced intellectual surveillance coverage”, and “effective maintenance of rural communities will lead to peace and stability and a higher level of security and rule of law in villages”, and we can foresee the future of the security sector.
Rapid growth will be achieved in the rural areas, particularly in government applications such as town and town party bodies and public security prisons, with 2.5, 2.8, 3.2, 3.6, 410 million security cameras, respectively, based on a five-year depreciation period, assuming a continuous increase in the value of replaced single-circuit cameras per year (product upgrade overlap), the replacement requirement for stock equipment
4) Development of the security services sector: In accordance with the requirements of China's “14th Five-Year Development Plan” for the security sector (2021-2025), efforts were made to develop modern security services, which accounted for 13% of the services sector's income by 2025. According to the China Security Industry Network, China's security services sector earned about 70 billion yuan in 2020, representing the total income of the entire industry.
9%, if 13% in 2025 is to be achieved, the annual compound growth rate will be more than 15%. So, we conclude that while the high growth stage is driven by the city of Peace, the snowwork, etc., there are multiple advantages to smart cities, digital villages, stock upgrades, security services, etc.
As a result, there are still opportunities for structuralization of the security sector during the fourteenth five-year period. According to China's 14-year development plan for the security sector (2021-2025), the average annual growth rate of the security market during the fourteenth five-year period was around 7%, with a combined share of 2.2.pbg and smbg in 2025, representing 41% of the revenue, with the potential for a failure in performance in a highly pessimistic scenario.
As we explained earlier, the company pbg (Public Service Group) is based on the traditional Ministries of Public Security, Transport and Justice, which serve mainly government-end clients; and the smbg (SME Cluster), which is based on traditional channels and distribution management teams, which serve mainly small and medium-sized enterprise clients, and therefore pbg, smbg and macroeconomics.
At present, some market views suggest that the company’s pbg, smbg, has the potential to fail in its performance in a situation where the overall growth of the security sector has been reduced and the epidemic has led to a weakening of the local government’s fiscal power. Our analysis and reflection on this issue are as follows:
2) The security sector is still growing + the capital asset investment is back on track + the infrastructure is active, and pbg is less likely to fail. First, as we explained earlier, while the high growth of the industry, which has been catalyzed by the City of Peace, snowwork, etc., is over, smart cities, digital villages, upgrading of stock equipment, security services, etc.
Third, with infrastructure, since 2022, at the demand for policy pre-eminence, there has been a clear pre-eminence for the issuance of specific debt, with local debt issued in excess of $1.5 trillion as of 22 March, with additional earmarkings.
At the same time, 20 provinces and municipalities have disclosed a list of major projects or investments in 2022, of which 15 have invested the same amount as in 2021, with a total investment of about $8.0 trillion in 2022, while pbg’s performance will continue to grow steadily.
3) Smbg is more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and its macroeconomic impact, and there is a pessimistic risk of a failure in performance. The SME market has a wide market space because of the fact that it includes a large number of micro-enterprises, micro-campuss, shops, factories, small areas, landscapes, farms, etc.
The economic impact is more sensitive, known as the macroeconomic barometer. The smbg is now mainly connected to the sea through a wide range of partners (b toc, engineers, installers, etc.) and the seacombs (tob, facilitators' partners link to a wide range of practitioners, integrating businesses, communities, programmes, content, services and tools)
The platform operates in a context of epidemic impact, in which companies primarily manage downstream distributors through two main platforms to maximize their effectiveness while providing more products and services with R & D support.
The odds are small; smgg is more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and the macroeconomic impact, and in the face of the adverse environment of the impact, the public has been able to cushion the negative impact through the connections between sea and cloud traders and sea and sea. Under the highly pessimistic scenario, we're doing an average of 23.53% of the growth rate over the past two years, and pbg's revenues are 2.85% of the total revenue.
Percentage point. 2) Assuming that the impact of the epidemic has increased, that the macroeconomic weakness is evident, and that the smbg income drops by 20 per cent (under the highly pessimistic assumption) and accounts for 16.57 per cent of the revenue, the smbg income drags the company ' s overall income by 3.31 percentage points. 3) With pbg and smbg combined, the overall income growth drags the company by 0.46 percentage points.
2.3. ebg, based on the traditional financial, energy, building, human rights, cultural and religious ministries, is the foundation of the Department of Finance, Energy, Building, and Education and Culture.
The traditional large-scale enterprise market service, although it contains real estate plates, is intelligent in ebg, building blocks, a small proportion of estates in intelligent building blocks, property services, etc., along with several business plates such as petrochemicals, coal mining, electricity, logistics, smart finance, medical care, etc.
In the post-epidemiological era, overseas operations are warming up, and more surprises are expected for innovative operations outside the skyscrapers and robotics. 1) Out-of-sea operations: companies cover 155 countries and territories around the world, with 19 regional functional centres located overseas.
66 branches, with national capacity-building in marketing, services and R & D, and marketing and service networks covering all corners of the market; at the end of production, overseas factories were established in India, Brazil, and the United Kingdom to support the global supply of products. An important pole in 2019-2021.
We expect to maintain a two-digit growth in overseas operations, while the company's production base is able to secure the supply of products. 2) Innovative operations include the fluorescent network, the Haikang robot, the Haikang Automobile Electronics, the Haikang Micro-Sham, the Seakang Intellectual Storage, the Seakang Fire, the Seakang Wise Shadow, the Sea Conkage Shadow, and the Company's or a consistent skill.
From 2019 to 2021, the fluorescent network received $25.92, $29.19, and $3.948 billion, respectively, at a rate of increase.
In summary: 1) ebg is dominated by larger, state-financed clients, less affected by the epidemic and macroeconomic impact, and less protected percentage points. 2) With the gradual liberalization of control of the epidemic in developed countries abroad in Europe and the United States, overseas operations will return to double-digit total income of 3.70 percentage points. 3) Innovative operations will continue to grow at a high rate, assuming that they will grow over the past two years.
Thus, according to our calculations, the extreme pessimistic assumption is: 1) pbg raises the corporate income by 2.85 percentage points; 2) smbg ' s income drags the corporate income by 3.31 percentage points; 3) ebg ' s income pulls the corporate income by 4.09 percentage points; 4) the corporate income by overseas operations increases the corporate income by 3.70 percentage points; 5) the innovation business.
Value judgements: from standardized products to semi-standardized, semi-customized solutions to fully customized solutions.
The company has gone through three stages of its development in more than 20 years: 1) From 2001 to 2010, the standardized product was a supplier of a fully customized industry’s digital transformation program. This is a unique transformation in global manufacturing.
Increases from 5% to 10% for R & D and from 28% to 48% for R & D. R & D result I: Software, Hardware Products System (SPP) platform, R & D team support each other, software needs drive hardware development, hardware capabilities drive software development. R & D outcome II: General and specialized combinations, software platforms + algorithms + models + services. In addition to R & D, channels are laid
Strengths + Organizational Structural Innovations + Talent Development Mechanisms + Flexible Production Systems, which bring to the fore the core competitive advantages of companies, industry 3.1.20 years with no single course of development: Standardized products - semi-customized solutions - fully customized Companies were established in 2001 and have experienced standardized product suppliers - half of them in more than 20 years of development
Standardized, semi-customized solution provider - fully customized industry digital transformation programme provider three phases: 2001-2010, standardized product supplier: based on the content of the offer statement, the company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of security video surveillance products, is a supplier of products in the security industry, with medium- and long-term development objectives being achieved
The 2010 company annual report revealed that, in addition to the back-end video storage, which was ready to expand to front-end video capture products, the company was able to deliver, display control, smart analysis, etc., and provide the full range of products required for video surveillance.
Significant growth has allowed companies to balance their product distribution structures, effectively reducing their reliance on dvr-type products. The company has now become China’s most competitive camera producer and has the capacity to compete directly with international top camera manufacturers outside the sea.
(ii) Semi-standardized, semi-customized solution suppliers, 2009-2015: in the company ' s 2010 annual report, it began to move gradually from the product provider to the overall solution provider of the Product Plus System, starting in 2009
Change, extending the area of business from embedded product development to secure whole-system solutions and product supply, transforming an enterprise from an original single product sales to an integrated integrated solution supplier for overall sales such as products, software platforms, solutions, etc. For the first time, the company referred to the location of solution suppliers.
Reference was made to the increased investment in solutions operations, which were complemented by the company ' s use of video solutions to improve the breadth and depth of corporate security system solutions in industry applications. By providing solutions, the company further consolidated and enhanced its position and competitive advantage in industry markets, depending on the market ' s needs.
Multi-layered cooperation model for clients and partners to provide hardware equipment, hardware equipment plus software, and overall solutions plus services. The 2013 corporate annual report proposes a development strategy aimed at becoming a global leader in integrated security firms, followed by a video-centred industrial ecological chain, through technological innovation, institutional innovation, business model innovation and management.
New, to provide high-quality products, software and solutions, systems integration and security services to a wide range of industry clients in different regions of the world. The 2015 annual report offers solutions that are at the core of competition, with a full range of product lines and solutions.
We believe that companies are in the semi-standard, semi-customized, semi-customized solution supplier phase around 2009-2015. 3) 2016-present, fully customized suppliers of industry digital transformation programmes: in the 2016 report, the company reported that the company was in the process of becoming a supplier of semi-standard, semi-customized solutions.
For the first time, it was proposed that it be a video-centric network solution and a data service provider. To advance the business development strategy of “the industry to the bottom, to the bottom, to the edge of the business”, through a profound understanding of the industry landscape and business needs, to come up with targeted solutions, to explore urban fire visual management, visualization of agricultural products, construction.
Engineering visualization regulation, integrated hotel visualization management, financial visualization, etc. Business areas. In 2018, 2019, companies reported that, as artificial intelligence technology landed in the video field, the opportunities offered by general intelligence were very clear, but the difficulty of using smart applications for debrising demand was still a constraint, with intelligent pole projects in the various industries.
The era of massive, intelligent landings is gradually coming up. Companies propose the concept of “digital integration” that combines ai with perception big data to achieve cognitive intelligence, a person with multi-dimensional big data to achieve cognitive intelligence, industry has reached more than 70 industries, and as industry solutions are further broken down and matured, companies have the opportunity to become more aware.
Many industries provide products, programmes and services. We believe that, from 2016 to the present, companies have evolved into fully customized suppliers of industry’s digital transformation programmes. 3.2. High R & D inputs are the strongest moats, soft and hardware common R & D platforms plus industry-specific understandings
Consistently high R & D inputs, R & D costs rose from 5% to 10%, and R & D personnel from 28% to 48%. Companies are engaged in smart-material networking industries with fragmented demand, landscape features, and whether they can build product and technology systems that match industry needs is key to business expansion.
Research and development outcome one: a unified platform for software and hardware product systems, supported by research and development teams. The major challenges encountered in the development of the physical networking industry are the variety of hardware products, the diverse environment in which they operate, and the lack of product-support management.
First, in order to meet the sustainable development needs of smartness networking, the company proposes an open platform for embedded equipment - Heaop. Currently, the company ' s original hardware products are moving to heop, all of which are based on heop.
Software development needs can be performed by the software development team, software development needs can be met by the hardware development team, and hardware and software are mutually supportive to achieve optimal solutions to user needs. Software and hardware teams are also a priority for research and development when supporting each other and communicating business needs with users.
Personnel are synchronized to produce hardware equipment requirements; the software team is synchronized to develop new smart devices that have been developed to release applications that maximize hardware values. 1) Software requirements drive hardware development: business teams are engaged in demand docking with related industries and software functionality design
In the process, both the demand for hardware products is analysed and the hardware products and the ai algorithm team are fed back in a timely manner. In the case of the hyperspectral water quality monitor: to meet the needs of operations such as water conservation, water pollution control, water environmental management, etc., to overcome the limitations of traditional water quality monitoring methods, the company hardware product and the ai algorithm team developed high-spectral water quality tests
The device counters water quality information on water bodies through high-spectral techniques, including chlorophylla, total nitrogen, total phosphorus, transparency, cod, turbidity, suspension, ammonia, etc.
(for urban/rural river basins, lakes, sewage monitoring, agroforestry, plant protection, etc.) 2) Hardware capability-driven software development: new hardware equipment is being introduced on an ongoing basis, based on strong corporate hardware research and development capabilities. The software team is communicating with hardware teams to keep abreast of developments in hardware products and to launch new ones in a timely manner.
To maximize the utility of hardware equipment and reflect the application value of the equipment. For example, video relay software with a specific route: a smart layout tracker developed by the company to support autotargeting and visual positioning of vehicles. To maximize the efficiency of the equipment, the industry software team has developed a specific route video relay software, co-ordinated.
Along with applications such as seamless video relays for dangerous chemicals vehicles, using multiple layout tracking machines to achieve cross mirror vehicle targets. Figure 19: Route-specific video relay interface: tunnel-wide tracking
Figure 20: Flow projection software interface: distribution of vehicles at intersections (with speed information) Research and development outcome II: common and specialized combinations, software platform + algorithm + model + service. 1) Software platform: contains basic platforms, common platforms, industry platforms. Basic software platform means "two pools, three pools, one platform, one platform, one environment" ("two")
Pool is the calculation of the storage resource pool and the data pool, the “three libraries” is the component warehouse, the algorithmic warehouse, the model warehouse, the “one screen” is the large screen visual application development tool, the “seven platforms” is the resource management dispatch platform, the smart perception network platform, the one open platform, the perception integration enabling platform, the physical integration data resource platform, the intelligent application open platform, integration
Transport services platform, " one environment" means a four-dimensional space operating environment. Common software platform: provides common software functions across multiple industries, including general security, visualization command, alarm management, inspection supervision, meeting interactions, content distribution, etc.
A platform for applications. For example, the traffic police industry provides a platform for traffic violations management, a platform for integrated traffic control, a platform for urban traffic situation analysis and research. 2) Arithmeticals include generic algorithms (a algorithm that can be developed for multiple industry smart applications. e.g. transport equipment, motor vehicles, testing of non-motorized vehicles, classification algorithms, traffic detection algorithms etc.)
Industry-specific algorithms (development of algorithms for industry application needs). 3) Models: mainly industry-based business data models, excessive data collection and analysis, and large-scale data application services for industries, have accumulated industry-based business data models, model-based warehouse management and can be replicated and optimized in other applications.
4) Services: Mainly more than a dozen operational services, including: urban parking services, fire protection, security operations, 3.3. Channel advantages plus organizational structural innovations, plus talent development mechanisms, plus flexible production systems, with clear competitive advantages, multilevel channels spread across national and international regions, with one channel playing a dust-free role. 1) Channels: at the domestic level
Thirty-two provincial operations centres have been established to move business decision-making and software customization capabilities forward, with more than 300 municipal sub-firms covering most of the country's municipalities and ensuring effective operation; 19 regional functional centres have been established overseas, with 66 branches, to build marketing, service and research and development capacities in national units, serving 155 countries and regions.
2) Partners: The company ' s multi-level partners cover a wide range of markets, working closely with more than 6,000 distributors, 10,000 integrated operators, 300,000 engineers, 400,000 installers and more than 1,000 service providers globally to provide products and services to end-users; working with more than 30 universities and research institutes, and working with more than 100 users
Household units establish joint innovation laboratories that are fully open to partners, achieve each other, and work together to build industrial innovation alliances Organizational structures and management mechanisms that are up to date and remain constant in development. 1) Business, in the face of continuous change, is accompanied by an update of corporate resource organization and management methods to better respond to client needs and enhance internal capacity
Ministry operating efficiency, company restructuring of business architecture in 2018, reorganization of resources, reorganization of domestic industry into three clusters of operations: pbg, ebg, smbg, more targeted to different types of markets and customers, more effective synergy of in-house resources. 2) In process management, companies focus on customer-centred process management, driving 100 per year
The remaining process management change projects will continuously optimize resource layouts and harmonize approaches. 3) The company extends the system to all aspects of business delivery, effectively delivering services and improving business efficiency. 4) The company uses large data tools to identify and manage financial risks, build digital, fully synergistic quality management systems, and improve internal operating wind control mechanisms.
Large-scale equity incentives + innovative business ventures and investments that bind corporate development and employee interests. Companies view talent as a business. On the one hand, they have established a two-tier career path for management and professional development, and implement multi-level training mechanisms for companies.
On the other hand, companies are constantly improving their performance mechanisms, combining recruitment, promotion, development, remuneration, and full motivation and creativity. A comprehensive system of returns for employees, consisting of pay benefits, equity incentives, innovative business and investment, has been developed.
Equity incentives, innovative business and investment mechanisms designed for long-term fighters, while driving rapid business development, also create long-term returns for the large number of staff involved, aligning long-term business development with sustained talent growth. Supply chain management + flexible production systems provide important safeguards for corporate business development.
Dealers develop stable and mutually beneficial partnerships to work with more than 1,000 suppliers around the world to develop a platform for hardworking bottom technologies. In response to the supply chain uncertainties brought about by politics and the epidemic over the past two years, companies have kept their raw materials high in order to make redundant stocks to cope with changes in the environment. 2) At the end of production, companies have been working in Hangzhou, Hangzhou River, and Qiang.
To build a domestic manufacturing base, to sustain the build-up and expansion of the Wuhan manufacturing base, and to build overseas factories in India, Brazil, and the United Kingdom to support the global supply of products. With more than 180 smt production lines, and more than 40 automated assembly lines, companies have built up the industry’s leading automated production capacity to build agile, flexible and coordinated manufacturing system.
4. Long-term development: fragmentation and customization are the necessary directions for the development of the industry, with scarce channels, and with the emergence of the "ai+security" scenario, intelligent security is gradually moving into finance, education, buildings, homes, etc.
Fragmentation, pan-security, and customizing features are becoming more apparent. The players currently entering the debris market include traditional security poles, tech and Internet giants, ai algorithms, a breakdown of industry poles, and companies have a priori advantages over other competitors in terms of perception technology, product hardware, solutions, but the most important differences are still from companies.
On the one hand, a network of marketing services that can sink into the countryside and reach out to the fields is the key to a firm's ability to better understand and capture industry knowledge and to capture client demand distress points; on the other hand, the research system is based on the company's move of R & D and technology support resources in front of the market and decision-making.
The centre moves forward, matches the paved network of marketing services, provides closer contact and services to clients, making channels rare 4.1. Fragmentation, customization, generalization are inevitable trends in industrial development, with companies having a priori advantage 1) fragmentation: the security industry has both concentrated large urban-level security projects and small users of debris
Projects, with long-standing fragmentation patterns, have numerous non-standardized needs in markets scattered throughout the country and across industries. Unlike centralized markets, the fragmentation market refers to markets where users are not concentrated, where applications are relatively dispersed from products, mainly in the civil domain, where users are dispersed, and where there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprise users, including
Communities, parks, campuses, super-businesses, and work scenes. Client types are also mainly small and medium-sized enterprises, with small individual projects (ranging from tens of thousands to millions), but with a larger base. With the new generation of information technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data, the advent of the age of smart security has led to a blurring of boundaries in the security sector, with many new technologies taking hold.
Unsatisfied needs are expected to materialize, and the industry's “fragmentation” is becoming more evident. (2) Pan-security protection: with the emergence of the “ai+security” artificial intelligence technology began to be gradually integrated into the security sector.
In the home security system, devices such as smart locks, smart cameras, infrared intrusion detectors, sound alarms, etc. form a surveillance network that allows residents to manage their families at any time through mobile devices. In addition, it is derived from a hardware system based on smart security.
Value-added service markets are also beginning to emerge, and most smart security systems are now built on a wide range of smart cameras, sensors, etc., which, in addition to meeting security needs, collect data that can be used for other value-added services, such as business management, passenger flow analysis, precision marketing, etc., while maximizing user efficiency.
These value-added services are also derived from the generalization of the security sector. 3) Customization: there is an increasing demand in the area of segmentation, opening up a new market for the general security sector, and a “long tail” for the industry. The long-tail effect emphasizes “personalization”, “customer power” and “small profit markets”, and so on.
Small markets accumulated, and the potential for these segmented market demands will be found. However, because of the self-contained characteristics of the fragmented market: 1, the lack of concentration of users, the services of the fragmented market are mainly small and medium-sized enterprises, scattered throughout the country, in various sectors, and market marketing is difficult and requires a wider distribution of channels, thus increasing sales.
Cost. 2. Low unit cost, small and medium-sized micro-enterprise client security, low unit cost, lower output of project inputs, but large number of small and medium-sized micro-enterprises, large project base. 3. Customization, with each user ' s equal security requirements, makes it more difficult to meet the non-target needs of different users with a standardized product system.
Technology + products + solutions, company forward-looking layouts, and significant pre-emptive advantages. In the preceding paragraph, we have referred to: 1) at the perceived technical level, companies range from visible light to non-visible light, infrared, millimetre wave radar, etc., as well as perceptive techniques.
At the product level, large and complete, there are various types of products with various sub-situations. 3) At the solution level, from large industries to compartmentalized areas, customizing individualized programmes. 4) Throughout the process, companies rely on a unified software architecture platform to produce scale effects, which is a forward-looking, deep-down company.
4.2. Analysis of competition patterns: Industry understands that it is ahead of Bat and Hua, and that the scene is ahead of the one company, which is currently involved in the fragmentation, customization and pan-security markets. There are four main categories of enterprises: 1) traditional security providers, represented by Heiconway, and the stockholdings of Dahua; 2) technological and Internet leaders, represented by China and Bat; 3) ari
French companies, represented by four small broths, visions, charts, clouds, etc., are divided into industry poles and are represented by tree roots connected (three workers and one worker), Xu's Han-un (Su Xu) and Miyun's Ji-min (the American group). Companies have a certain competitive advantage over their other three competitors:
1) Disaggregated product lines and video perception capabilities as the most important entry points. Disaggregated industries have been deep-deeping for many years, and are strong in channeling and industry understanding, but product hardware, algorithmics and power are clearly short sheets, especially for the front end, which is almost entirely captured as the most important entry point for data.
It's in the hands of Dragonhead. This is the advantage of the company as compared to the industry leader. 2) The advantage of the ai algorithm is that it's on the ground. It's on the ground, but it's on the ground, and there's a lack of knowledge and understanding of the industry in the long-term deep-ploughing industry, and there's a lack of capacity in the pipeline.
Shortfalls make the scene more difficult, and this is the advantage of the company over the company. 3) The advantage of technology and the Internet is that the industry understands and channels. On the one hand, the channels at the level of the town and the town and the industry's clients have developed a profound understanding of the industry's knowledge and needs.
On the other hand, a unified platform for software and hardware research and development allows companies to translate industry experience and knowledge into algorithmic models that produce products and solutions that ultimately meet the needs of their customers. For the big technologists and the Internet, the development of channels and the accumulation of knowledge requires long-term investment.
According to public data, in 2020 the average per capita wage was 250,000 yuan, while in 2020 China, for example, the average per capita wage was over 700,000 yuan, and lower unit prices in the fragmented market could limit the subjective ability of both the technology and the Internet giants. 4.3. Industry understandings and scenes depend on grasping client pain points, and the value of scarce channels is significantly underestimated.
In-depth insight and accurate grasp of client pain points, a well-developed network of marketing services is fundamental. According to the company's management at the 2021acloud Eco-conference, there are two models of a fragmented, customized industry service market: 1) industry first, technology first, industry first, and industry first, to see what technology and product they can do.
For use in the industry, and consistent with the needs of the users of the industry, technologies are constantly being enriched, developed and refined. The industry is leading and pulling, and the technology is matching. 2) Technology is leading and driving, and the industry is coordinating. Over the course of more than 20 years of company development, the industry has been determined to choose the industry and the technology.
Roads, in-depth industrial landscapes, to improve technology and products, and to create value for customers, the company calls this model "triple technology, seven-point business." It is essential to understand and acquire the knowledge of the industry in depth, to grasp the pains of client demand, and to be able to sink to the countryside and reach the fields.
In 2021, the number of company sales workers increased from 1613 to 9296, with an annual compound growth rate of 19.14 per cent; marketing costs
Services to 155 countries and regions. The company’s multi-level partners cover a wide range of markets, working closely with more than 6,000 distributors, 10,000 integrated operators, 300,000 engineers, 400,000 installers, and more than 1,000 service providers across the globe to provide products and services to end-users; and with more than 30 universities and scientific institutes.
Research and development resources pre-position and sink to match the network of marketing services to further highlight the scarce value of the channels.
Products and technology systems that match industry needs are key to building customer stickyness. The company promotes the construction of provincial business centres, upgrades provincial sub-firms to business centres, and establishes secondary sub-firms in priority cities, moving R & D and technical support resources forward, moving market tentacles up front with decision-making centres, matching the paved network of marketing services, closer contact and clothing.
Clients. This will be demonstrated by: 1) the establishment of provincial operations centres to decentralize R & D and technical support; 2) Headquarters responsibility for the development of the architecture, which will be updated every 2-3 years, and the development of components in the provincial operations centres and the delivery of the architecture portfolio to industry clients; 3) the integration of components into the component libraries when they are developed and other areas can be called for, with internal settlement payments.
At the end of the year, the company custom-made solution covered more than 10 categories of public service, business-related and more than 70 subcategories of industry applications, and 27,000 different types of hardware equipment were sold each year. 20, 17, and 14 times, respectively, taking into account: the company as the global champion of security, 1) the core issue: short-term business
Performance contests, pbg, smbg failure potential vs overseas, innovation boosts; 2) value judgements: from standardized products to semi-standardized, semi-customized solutions to fully customized solutions; 3) long-term development: customization, fragmentation is the necessary direction for industrial development and the value of scarce channels is significantly underestimated, so we give companies the first time that they “buy in”
1. At the macro level, the impact of the epidemic has increased the risk of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) operating, the company ' s smbg business has not progressed as expected; overseas operations have not increased as expected; 2) at the meso-level, the security sector has not developed as expected, and general security and intelligence security have not progressed as expected;
3) At the micro level, the progress and pace of implementation of corporate projects is below expectations; there is a risk of bad debts arising from receivables; innovation, smart households in business and robotics are not moving ahead as expected; 4) labour costs are rising rapidly, resulting in high costs, profits are releasing less than expected risks, etc.
I am presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect the personal views of this person with respect to the securities or issuers in question; my specific proposals or views contained in this report are past, present or future, whether directly or indirectly related to my remuneration.