Stabilization is kernel, fragmentation is direction, channel value is significant.
• Core issues: short-term performance contests, pbg, smbg failure potential vs overseas, innovation uplifting. 1) At the industry level, despite the fact that there are more intelligent cities, digital villages, stock replacements, service share than upscaling, etc.
Under the influence of strong profit factors, we expect that the average annual growth rate of Pbg during the 14th Five-Year Plan will be less likely to fail; that smbg will be more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and the macroeconomic impact, and that there will be a risk of failure in a pessimistic situation; and that ebg will be dominated by mega-, nationalized customers.
Less affected by the epidemic and macroeconomics, and more stable growth; more warmer overseas operations in the post-epidemiology era, more surprises for innovative operations like fluorescents, robots, etc.) According to our calculations, macroeconomics are returning to normal operations, we expect firms to grow up to higher levels.
▪ Value judgements: from standardized products to semi-standardized, semi-customized solutions, to complete standardization. The company has gone through three stages in its development over the past 20 years: 1) 2001-2010 case supplier; 3) 2016 to date, fully customized industry digital transformation programme provider.
This process of transformation, which is unique in global manufacturing, has been made possible by consistently high levels of R & D inputs from companies, with R & D costs running from 5% over 20 years, product system harmonization platforms, R & D teams supporting each other, software demand driving hardware development, hardware.
Research and development (R & D) II. Common and exclusive combinations, software platforms + algorithms + models + services. In addition to R & D, channels are laid with advantages + organizational architecture innovations + human capacity development + flexible production systems, giving firm corporate core competitive advantages and industry leaders.
Long-term development: customization, fragmentation are the inevitable direction for industrial development, and the value of scarce channels is significantly underestimated. With the emergence of the "ai+security" smart security is gradually moving into financial, educational, building, home, etc., and the characteristics of industry fragmentation and customization are becoming more apparent.
Companies are pre-eminent in terms of perception technology, product hardware, solutions, etc., but the most important differences come from industry understanding and landscape. On the one hand, the marketing network is rooted in a network of well-developed marketing services capable of sinking to the countryside, where companies can understand and access lines.
The key to business knowledge and precision in managing client demand distress points; on the other hand, the production and research system is the foundation, and the Division moves research and development and technical support resources forward, matching them with a network of well-developed marketing services, bringing closer contact and service clients, making the scarce value of the channels particularly evident.
Lead position and its significant competitive advantage in the industry, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating given to companies.
Security, big data services and smart business, building open cooperative ecology, providing services to public service users (pbg), business users (ebg) and small and medium-sized enterprise users (smbg), working to build intelligent cities and digital enterprises with cloud edge integration, configuration, multi-intellectual integration. In the area of integrated security, according to the omdia report, companies have been working for eight consecutive years.
At the end of 2022, the company’s largest share was in China’s Electronic Technology Group, with a share of 36.08% in real control.
1.1. Operations: After 2018, divided into pbg, ebg, smbg, overseas, five panels of innovation.
In-house efficiency, the company initiated a restructuring of its business structure in 2018, reorganizing its resources and dividing its operations within the country into three business groups: pbg, ebg, smbg: 1) pbg (public service): based on the traditional Ministries of Public Security, Transport and Justice, and based on the city
Governance and urban services are dominated, adapted to the administrative region’s block model, and to the overall operational needs of urban governance and urban services. For 2019-2021, pbg saw revenues of 153.14, 159.87 and 19.161 billion yuan, respectively, which were exceeded by ebg plates each year as compared to the year of the harvest, although the proportion is declining from year to year.
2) ebg (business and industry): based on the traditional Ministries of Finance, Energy, Building, Education and Health, based on traditional large-scale enterprise market services, adapted to the group ' s pattern of regulation and to the management needs of the group ' s vertical operation. For 2019-2021, the ebg plate generated $12449, 147.24 and 16,629 million, respectively, as a percentage of revenue.
3) Smbg (Small and Medium Enterprises (Small and Medium Enterprises) (Small and Medium Enterprises (Small and Medium Enterprises) (Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) (Small and Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) (Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) (Small Enterprises) (Small and Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) (Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) (Small Enterprises) (Small and Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) (Small Enterprises) (Small and Medium-Small Enterprises)
II. Innovative operations: eight sub-operations, including the Firestone Network, the Haikang Robots, the Haikang Automobile Electronics, the Haikang Micro-Sham, the Haikang Smart Storage, the Haikang Fire Fire, the Haikang Wise-Wish, the Haik-Hygook Film, etc., in which the Frystone Network application board has been placed on the market and the Haikang Robots have initiated preparatory work for their splitting into the national market.
With the gradual liberalization of control of the epidemic in regions like Europe and America, the growth of overseas operations is expected to increase further. 1.2. Performance: ten-year cycles of stable income and profit growth, stable roe, robust cash flows, 2012-2021, production of company video products and video services grew from 5.71 million to 194 million.
1) Front-end audio and video products: A wide variety of products have been captured on a single and multiple basis, including fixed network cameras, blast-proof network cameras, spherical network cameras, simulation cameras, cloud network cameras, integrated cameras, camera accessories, etc. From 2011 to 2020, operating income increased from 2,217 million yuan to 28,841 million yuan, with a 10-year compound increase of 10 years.
2) Backend audio and video products: including nvr, hard disk video recorder (dvr), Hycon superbrain, industry host, encoder (dvs), one machine/industrial control/net tubes, etc., applicable to all types of video storage, analysis, management, etc. Business income increased from 2,358 million yuan to 6,867 million yuan between 2011 and 2020, with a 10-year compound increase of 12.61 per cent; 2016
3) Central control equipment: including keyboard products, decoding devices, collage controllers, videoconferencing products, video integration platforms, etc., are an important part of the big screen display system, bringing together all types of audio and video messages for the command and management centres.
R & D costs and ratios continue to rise, and operating cash flows are robust. 1) R & D: 2017-2021, companies, so pre-positioning and locking lists. 2) Core issues: short-term performance contests, pbg, smbg failure potential vs overseas,
1) At the industry level, despite the end of the high-growth phase of the sector, which has been catalyzed by the City of Peace, the Snowlight Project, etc., we expect the security market to grow at an average annual rate of about 7 per cent during the 14th Five-Year Period due to the multiple benefits of smart cities, digital villages, stock upgrades, security services, etc. 2) At the business level, the security sector is still at the operational level.
The probability of pbg failing in its performance is low in the period of growth + capital investment recovery + capital viability; smgg is more sensitive to the impact and macroeconomic impact of the epidemic, and there is a pessimistic risk of a failure in performance; ebg is dominated by mega-, nationalized clients, less affected by the epidemic and macroeconomics, and is growing steadily; and overseas operations in the post-epidemiological era are warming up.
According to our calculations, even with the pessimistic assumption that the company's new business is moving to a steady state, the company's growth rate is expected to rise to a higher level. 2.1. The high-growth phase of the industry, which is being driven by the City of Peace, the snowworks, is at an end, and opportunities for structuralization remain.
China’s security sector began in the 1960’s, starting with the security alarm system at the palace museum for the first time in the protection of the country’s treasures, and China’s security sector was officially inaugurated. Over the next 60 years, China’s security sector has developed rapidly, with physical protection, anti-piracy alerts, video surveillance, anti-explosive security checks, etc.
In 2020 and 2021, the total national production in the security sector rose by 85,10 billion yuan, or 3.03 per cent, or 5.99 per cent; in total, 51,337 million yuan, or 59.93 per cent, or 59.53 per cent, or 2600, or 59.53 per cent.
9.52 per cent, 9.98 per cent. Review the development of the security sector in China, with the exception of safe cities, snowworks, etc., and heavy) safe cities: throughout the period 2000-2015, including the Golden Shield project, the Science and Technology Police strategy, and the 3111 pilot project, which refers to a very large, integrated management system that needs to meet not only policing, urban management, etc.
Traffic management, emergency command, etc., also takes into account the need for surveillance of images in the areas of disaster warning, safe production monitoring, and also the integration of ancillary systems such as alarms, lockdowns, and connection to the broadcasting system. According to the data of the China-China Network, two rounds of “Technology Police” demonstration cities and “3111” safe cities are being built throughout the country.
Over 100 million dollars have been invested in the development of the social security video surveillance system, which has been installed in 25 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities, 218 municipalities, 290 districts, and 2,235 police stations.) The Snowlight Project, which refers to the use of integrated management centres at the county, village and village levels as a platform of command, is supported by comprehensive management information.
In September 2015, nine ministries issued a joint opinion on the use of the Internet for the enhancement of video surveillance for public security, and the Snowlight Project began to spread throughout the country.
Billion yuan, an increase of 24 billion yuan, an increase of 13.65 per cent over the previous year. Of this amount, the size of the snowwork project was 3,204 million yuan. Figure 10: China ' s development of the security sector has increased from 348.6 billion yuan in 2007 in terms of national public expenditure (public security) to 10 million yuan in terms of the promotion of priority projects such as the Safe Cities, Snowlight Works, etc.
In 2020, 136.3 billion yuan was recorded, with an annual compound growth rate of 11.20 per cent; in 2007-2014, the rate of increase was more than 15 per cent, and with the gradual completion of the Safe Cities and Lights project, the national public security fiscal expenditure in 2019 and 2020 was 13.902 million yuan, or 0.87 per cent and 0.28 per cent respectively, with a high growth rate.
With the influence of multiple factors, such as the upgrading of stocks, security services, etc., there are still opportunities for structuralization of the industry during the "14th Five-Year" period. 1) City of Wisdom: The concept of smart cities in the country was originally proposed by the Ministry of Housing, and its definition has been informed by intelligent cities.
In 2014, the National Development and Reform Commission defined the city as a new generation of information technologies, such as networking, cloud computing, big data, spatial geo-information integration, to promote new ideas and models for urban planning, construction, management and the intellectualization of services.
On the one hand, the construction of intelligent cities offers many new opportunities for the security industry, providing it with a wider space for development; on the other hand, the boom in the security industry has contributed to the rapid construction of intelligent cities, providing irreplaceable intellectual technology and equipment support.
2) Digital Villages: both the Action Plan for Digital Rural Development (2022-2025), published in 2022, and the Central I document set out the objectives of “a strong push for digital village construction”, “enhanced intellectual surveillance coverage”, and “effective maintenance of rural communities will lead to peace and stability and a higher level of security and rule of law in villages”, and we can foresee the future of the security sector.
Rapid growth will be achieved in the rural areas, particularly in government applications such as town and town party bodies and public security prisons, with 2.5, 2.8, 3.2, 3.6, 410 million security cameras, respectively, based on a five-year depreciation period, assuming a continuous increase in the value of replaced single-circuit cameras per year (product upgrade overlap), the replacement requirement for stock equipment
4) Development of the security services sector: In accordance with the requirements of China's “14th Five-Year Development Plan” for the security sector (2021-2025), efforts were made to develop modern security services, which accounted for 13% of the services sector's income by 2025. According to the China Security Industry Network, China's security services sector earned about 70 billion yuan in 2020, representing the total income of the entire industry.
9%, if 13% in 2025 is to be achieved, the annual compound growth rate will be more than 15%. So, we conclude that while the high growth stage is driven by the city of Peace, the snowwork, etc., there are multiple advantages to smart cities, digital villages, stock upgrades, security services, etc.
As a result, opportunities for structuralization of the security sector existed during the fourteenth five-year period. According to China's 14-year development plan for the security sector (2021-2025), the average annual growth rate of the security market during the fourteenth five-year period was around 7%, with a combined share of 2.2.pbg and smbg in 2025 of 41% of the revenue, with a pessimistic view of the potential for a failure in performance.
As we explained earlier, the company pbg (Public Service Group) is based on the traditional Ministries of Public Security, Transport and Justice, which serve mainly government-end clients; and the smbg (SME Cluster), which is based on traditional channels and distribution management teams, which serve mainly small and medium-sized enterprise clients, and therefore pbg, smbg and macroeconomics.
At present, some market views suggest that the company’s pbg, smbg, has the potential to fail in its performance in a situation where the overall growth of the security sector has been reduced and the epidemic has led to a weakening of the local government’s fiscal power. Our analysis and reflection on this issue are as follows:
2) The security sector is still growing + the capital asset investment is back on track + the infrastructure is active, and pbg is less likely to fail. First, as we explained earlier, while the high growth of the industry, which has been catalyzed by the City of Peace, snowwork, etc., is over, smart cities, digital villages, upgrading of stock equipment, security services, etc.
Thanks to positive factors, the security market is expected to grow at an average annual rate of about 7% during the 14th Five-Year Plan, the industry is still growing, the pace of issuance of special-purpose debt is clearly ahead of schedule, and local debt was issued at more than $1.5 trillion as of 22 March, of which the new special-purpose debt was issued at more than $1.1 trillion. At the same time, 20 provinces and municipalities have disclosed a list of major projects in 2022.
Or the amount of investment, of which 15 are equivalent to the amount invested in 2021 in major projects in the provinces and municipalities, with a total investment of about $8.0 trillion in 2022, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period, so that the security sector’s own development + the return of fixed-asset investments + the build-up period, we judge that pbg’s performance will continue to grow steadily.
3) Smbg is more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and its macroeconomic impact, and there is a pessimistic risk of a failure in performance. The SME market has a wide market space because of the fact that it includes a large number of micro-enterprises, micro-campuss, shops, factories, small areas, landscapes, farms, etc.
The economic impact is more sensitive, known as the macroeconomic barometer. The smbg is now mainly connected to the sea through a wide range of partners (b toc, engineers, installers, etc.) and the seacombs (tob, facilitators' partners link to a wide range of practitioners, integrating businesses, communities, programmes, content, services and tools)
The platform operates in a context of epidemic impact, in which companies primarily manage downstream distributors through two main platforms to maximize their effectiveness while providing more products and services with R & D support.
The odds are small; smgg is more sensitive to the impact of the epidemic and the macroeconomic impact, and in the face of the adverse environment of the impact, the public has been able to cushion the negative impact of the shock through the connections between seacombs and seacombs. Under the pessimistic scenario, we're taking a two-year average increase of 23.53%, while pbg raises 2.85 percent of the company's total revenue.
Point 2.) Assuming that the impact of the epidemic has increased, that the macroeconomic weakness is evident, and that the income of the smbg has fallen by 20 per cent (pessimistic assumption) and that it has remained at 16.57 per cent relative to the income of the company, the income of the smbg drags the company ' s overall income by 3.31 percentage points. 3) Pbg and smbg add up to 0.46 percentage points.
2.3. ebg, based on the traditional financial, energy, building, human rights, cultural and religious ministries, is the foundation of the Department of Finance, Energy, Building, and Education and Culture.
The traditional large-scale enterprise market service, although it contains real estate plates, is intelligent in ebg, building blocks, a small proportion of estates in intelligent building blocks, property services, etc., along with several business plates such as petrochemicals, coal mining, electricity, logistics, smart finance, medical care, etc.
In the post-epidemiological era, overseas operations are warming up, and more surprises are expected for innovative operations outside the skyscrapers and robotics. 1) Out-of-sea operations: companies cover 155 countries and territories around the world, with 19 regional functional centres located overseas.
66 branches, with national capacity-building in marketing, services and R & D, and marketing and service networks covering all corners of the market; at the end of production, overseas factories were established in India, Brazil, and the United Kingdom to support the global supply of products. An important pole in 2019-2021.
We expect to maintain a two-digit growth in overseas operations, while the company's production base is able to secure the supply of products. 2) Innovative operations include the fluorescent network, the Haikang robot, the Haikang Automobile Electronics, the Haikang Micro-Sham, the Seakang Intellectual Storage, the Seakang Fire, the Seakang Wise Shadow, the Sea Conkage Shadow, and the Company's or a consistent skill.
From 2019 to 2021, the fluorescent network received $25.92, $29.19, and $3.948 billion, respectively, at a rate of increase.
In summary: 1) ebg is dominated by larger, state-financed clients, less affected by the epidemic and macroeconomic impact, and less protected percentage points. 2) With the gradual liberalization of control of the epidemic in developed countries abroad in Europe and the United States, overseas operations will return to double-digit total income of 3.70 percentage points. 3) Innovative operations will continue to grow at a high rate, assuming that they will grow over the past two years.
Thus, according to our calculations, the pessimistic assumption is that: 1) pbg raises the company ' s overall income by 2.85 percentage points; 2) smbg ' s income drags the company ' s overall income by 3.31 percentage points; 3) ebg ' s income pulls the company ' s overall income by 4.09 percentage points; 4) the overseas business income pulls the company ' s overall income by 3.70 percentage points; 5) the innovation business revenue pulls.
Once normal operations are restored and corporate innovation moves into steady state development, firms are expected to grow at a higher rate. 3. Value judgements: from standardized products to semi-standard, semi-customized solutions, to full customization
The company has gone through three stages of its development in more than 20 years: 1) From 2001 to 2010, the standardized product was a supplier of a fully customized industry’s digital transformation program. This is a unique transformation in global manufacturing.
Increases from 5% to 10% for R & D and from 28% to 48% for R & D. R & D result I: Software, Hardware Products System (SPP) platform, R & D team support each other, software needs drive hardware development, hardware capabilities drive software development. R & D outcome II: General and specialized combinations, software platforms + algorithms + models + services. In addition to R & D, channels are laid
Strengths + Organizational Structural Innovations + Talent Development Mechanisms + Flexible Production Systems, which bring to the fore the core competitive advantages of companies, industry 3.1.20 years with no single course of development: Standardized products - semi-customized solutions - fully customized Companies were established in 2001 and have experienced standardized product suppliers - half of them in more than 20 years of development
Standardized, semi-customized solution provider - fully customized industry digital transformation programme provider three phases: 2001-2010, standardized product supplier: based on the content of the offer statement, the company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of security video surveillance products, is a supplier of products in the security industry, with medium- and long-term development objectives being achieved
The 2010 company annual report revealed that, in addition to the back-end video storage, which was ready to expand to the front-end video capture product, the company had been able to deliver, display control, smart analysis, etc., to provide the full range of products required for video surveillance.
Significant growth has allowed companies to balance their product distribution structures, effectively reducing their reliance on dvr-type products. The company has now become China’s most competitive camera producer and has the capacity to compete directly with international top camera manufacturers outside the sea.
(ii) Semi-standardized, semi-customized solution suppliers, 2011-2015: in the company ' s 2010 annual report, it began to move from the product provider to the product plus system provider as a whole, starting in 2009
Transformation from embedded product development to integrated system solutions and product supply, transforming the enterprise from an original single product sale to an integrated integrated solution supplier for overall sales, such as products, software platforms, solutions, is the first time that a company has mentioned the location of a solution supplier.
Again, there is a call for greater investment in solutions, with companies complementing them with alerts, restricted products, and programmes, based on video solutions, to improve the breadth and depth of CDS solutions in industry applications. By offering solutions, companies can further strengthen and improve their position and competitive advantage in industry markets, depending on market demand.
A multi-layered cooperation model to provide hardware equipment, hardware equipment plus software, and overall solutions plus services to clients and partners. The 2013 corporate annual report proposes a development strategy aimed at becoming a global leader in integrated security firms, which continue to be embedded in video-centred industrial ecological chains through technological innovation, institutional innovation, business model innovation and management.
Innovation, providing high-quality products, software and solutions, systems integration and security services for a variety of industry clients in different regions of the globe. The 2015 annual report ' s ability to propose solutions became the core of competition, with firms with full product lines and decision-making capabilities, which, through the integration of core elements such as products, technology, brands, capital, etc., will result in new competition.
In our view, the company was in the semi-standardized, semi-modified solution supplier phase around 2009-2015. 3) From 2016 to the present, fully customized suppliers of industry digital transformation programmes: in the 2016 report, the company reported that the company was in the process of becoming a supplier of semi-standard, semi-modified solutions.
For the first time, it was proposed to be a video-centric network solution and a data service provider. To advance the business development strategy of “industry to the bottom, business to the edge”, through a profound understanding of industry landscapes and business needs, it is constantly proposing targeted solutions to explore urban fire visualization management, visualization of agricultural products, construction.
In business areas such as visualization regulation, integrated hotel visualization management, and financial visualization. Companies in 2018, 2019 mentioned in their annual reports that, with artificial intelligence technologies on the ground in the video, the opportunities offered by general intelligence are already very clear, but the difficulty of using smart applications in debrising demand continues to be a constraint, with intellectual markers in individual industries.
The era of massive and intelligent landings is gradually coming up. The company proposes the concept of “digital integration” that combines the ai with the big data of perception, the ai with the big multidimensional data, and the cognitive intelligence that combines the ai with the big data of multiple dimensions. The business has already covered more than 70 industries, and as industry solutions are further broken down and matured, the company has the opportunity to do so.
More industries provide products, programmes and services. We believe that, from 2016 to the present, companies have evolved into full-fledged suppliers of industry digital transformation programmes. 3.2. High R & D inputs are the strongest moats, soft and hardware common R & D platforms plus industry-specific understandings
Consistently high R & D inputs, R & D costs rose from 5% to 10%, and R & D personnel from 28% to 48%. Companies are engaged in smart-material networking industries with fragmented demand, landscape features, and whether they can build product and technology systems that match industry needs is key to business expansion.
Technological innovation as a driving force for enterprise development, corporate R & D costs increased from $62 million to 82.52 river between 2007 and 2021, providing strong support for business sound development.
As a major challenge in the process is the variety of hardware products, the diverse environments in which they operate, and the different ways in which they are managed, the company proposes an open platform for embedded equipment to meet the sustainable development needs of the smartness network - Heaop. Currently, the company ' s original hardware products are gradually moving to heop, all based on heop entry.
Development needs can be met by the hardware development team, which supports each other to achieve the best solution to the user's needs.
. At the same time, the software and hardware team supports each other and communicates business needs with users, the software crews simultaneously export hardware equipment requirements; and, depending on the new smart equipment developed, the software team develops software applications that maximize hardware value.
1) Software demand-driven hardware development: in the process of matching demand and software functionality design with relevant industries, the business team analyses the demand for hardware products and provides timely feedback to hardware products and ai algorithm teams.
Beyond the limitations of traditional water quality monitoring methods, the company ' s hardware products and the ai algorithm team have developed high-spectral water quality monitoring instruments. The equipment counters water quality information on water bodies, including chlorophylla, total nitrogen, total phosphorus, transparency, cod, turbidity, suspension, ammonia, etc., through high-spectral techniques.
Measuring instruments (for urban/rural riverways, watercourses, natural lakes for water quality testing) and airborne high-spectral water quality monitors (for urban/rural river basins, lakes, sewage monitoring, agroforestry, plant protection, etc.).
Figure 18: 50 m (butane) gas leakage detection results 2) Hardware capability-driven software development: new hardware equipment is being introduced on an ongoing basis, based on a strong corporate hardware research and development capability. The software team is communicating with hardware teams to keep abreast of the latest developments in hardware products and to launch new ones in a timely manner
To maximize the utility of hardware equipment and reflect the application value of the equipment. For example, video relay software with a specific route: a smart layout tracker developed by the company to support autotargeting and visual positioning of vehicles. To maximize the efficiency of the equipment, the industry software team has developed a specific route video relay software, co-ordinated.
In conjunction with applications such as seamless video relays for dangerous chemicals vehicles, the use of multiple layout tracking machines to achieve cross mirror vehicle targets. Figure 20: Flow projection software interface: distribution of vehicles at intersections (with speed information)
R & D outcome II: General and exclusive combination of software platforms + algorithms + models + services. 1) Software platforms: include basic platforms, common platforms, industry platforms. Basic software platforms refer to "two pools, three pools, one platform, one environment" ( "two pools" refers to the calculation of storage and data pools, and "three repositories" refers to component warehouses, algorithm stores, models)
Repository, "one screen" means a large screen visual application development tool, and "seven platforms" means a resource management scheduling platform, an intelligent perception network platform, ai open platform, a perception integration enabling platform, a property integration data resource platform, an intelligent application open platform, an integrated transport service platform, an " one environment" means a four-dimensional space operating environment.
Provides common software functions across a wide range of industries, including generic security, visual command, alarm management, inspection supervision, meeting interaction, and content publishing. Industry software platforms provide services to more than 70 subsectors, gradually creating more than 100 application platforms for various industries.
Common control platform, urban traffic situation analysis platform, etc.) algorithms: include generic algorithms (a algorithm that can be used for the development of intelligent applications in multiple industries). For example, transport equipment, motor vehicles, testing of non-motorized vehicles, classification algorithms, human traffic detection algorithms, etc.), industry-specific algorithms (development of algorithms for industry applications). 3) Models: mainly line
Business data models, which provide large data application services to industries through big data collection and analysis, have accumulated a number of industry business data models, which are based on model warehouses and can be replicated and optimized in other similar applications. 4) Services: mainly more than a dozen business operations services, including urban parking operations,
Fire-fighting operations, security clearance operations, community-based operations, etc. 3.3. Channel advantages + organizational restructuring + talent development mechanisms + flexible production systems, with clear competitive advantages, multi-level channels spread across national and international regions, and channel advantages are wiped out. 1) Channel aspects: companies at home
Thirty-two provincial operations centres have been established to move business decision-making and software customization capabilities forward, with more than 300 municipal sub-firms covering most of the country's municipalities and ensuring effective operation; 19 regional functional centres have been established overseas, with 66 branches, to build marketing, service and research and development capacities in national units, serving 155 countries and regions.
2) Partners: The company ' s multi-level partners cover a wide range of markets, working closely with more than 6,000 distributors, 10,000 integrated operators, 300,000 engineers, 400,000 installers and more than 1,000 service providers globally to provide products and services to end-users; working with more than 30 universities and research institutes, and working with more than 100 users
Household units establish joint innovation laboratories, fully open to partners, achieve each other, jointly build industrial innovation alliances Organizational structures and management mechanisms are constantly evolving and evolving. 1) Business, in the face of continuous changes, the organization and management of the company's resources are updated to better respond to client needs and enhance internal capacity
Ministry operating efficiency, company restructuring of business architecture in 2018, reorganization of resources, reorganization of domestic industry into three clusters of operations: pbg, ebg, smbg, more targeted to different types of markets and customers, more effective synergy of in-house resources. 2) In process management, companies focus on customer-centred process management, driving 100 per year
The remaining process management change projects will continuously optimize resource layouts and harmonize approaches. 3) The company extends the system to all aspects of business delivery, effectively delivering services and improving business efficiency. 4) The company uses large data tools to identify and manage financial risks, build digital, fully synergistic quality management systems, and improve internal operating wind control mechanisms.
Large-scale equity incentives + innovative business ventures and investments that bind corporate development and employee interests. Companies view talent as a business. On the one hand, they have established a two-tier career path for management and professional development, and implement multi-level training mechanisms for companies.
On the other hand, companies are constantly improving their performance mechanisms, combining recruitment, promotion, development, remuneration, and full motivation and creativity. A comprehensive system of returns for employees, consisting of pay benefits, equity incentives, innovative business and investment, has been developed.
Equity incentives, innovative business and investment mechanisms designed for long-term fighters, while driving rapid business development, also create long-term returns for the large number of staff involved, aligning long-term business development with sustained talent growth. Supply chain management + flexible production systems provide important safeguards for corporate business development.
Dealers develop stable and mutually beneficial partnerships to work with more than 1,000 suppliers around the world to develop a platform for hardworking bottom technologies. In response to the supply chain uncertainties brought about by politics and the epidemic over the past two years, companies have kept their raw materials high in order to make redundant stocks to cope with changes in the environment. 2) At the end of production, companies have been working in Hangzhou, Hangzhou River, and Qiang.
To build a domestic manufacturing base, to sustain the build-up and expansion of the Wuhan manufacturing base, and to build overseas factories in India, Brazil, and the United Kingdom to support the global supply of products. With more than 180 smt production lines, and more than 40 automated assembly lines, companies have built up the industry’s leading automated production capacity to build agile, flexible and coordinated manufacturing system.
4. Long-term development: fragmentation and customization are the necessary directions for industrial development, with scarce channels, and with the emergence of the “ai+security” scenario, intelligent security is gradually moving into finance, education, buildings, homes, etc.
Fragmentation, pan-security, and customizing features are becoming more apparent. The players that are now entering the debris market include traditional anti-temperature, technologists and Internet giants, ai algorithms, a breakdown of industry leaders, and companies have a pre-eminent advantage over other competitors in terms of perception technology, product hardware, solutions, but the most important differences are still from the public.
On the one hand, the marketing network, with a well-developed network of marketing services that can sink to the countryside, to the fields, is the key to a firm's ability to better understand and acquire industry knowledge and to capture client demand distress points; on the other hand, the research and development system is home to the company, which moves research and technology support resources forward, turning the market into a corner.
4.1. Fragmentation, customization, generalization are inevitable trends in industrial development, with companies having pre-emptive advantages.
1) Fragmentation: The security sector consists of both large concentrated urban-level security projects and small-scale, fragmented user projects, and long-standing fragmentation patterns, with numerous non-labelling demands scattered throughout the country and industry. Unlike the centralized market, the fragmentation market refers to a market where users are not concentrated and applications are relatively fragmented with products.
The customers are also predominantly small and medium-sized enterprises, with individual projects of small size (ranging from tens of thousands to millions), but with a larger base.
The advent of the era of intellectual security has led to a gradual blurring of the borders of the security sector, with many unmet needs expected to be realized with the deployment of new technologies, and the “fragmentation” of the industry becoming more evident. (2) Pan-security: with the emergence of the “ai+security” technology, artificial intelligence technologies have gradually begun to be integrated into the security sector, and intelligence has become increasingly visible.
It helps traditional security companies to open up the civil security market, using, for example, the civil security market and the deep application of artificial intelligence in the field of security. In the family security system, smart locks, smart cameras, infrared intrusion detectors, sound alarms, etc.
Controlling the network allows residents to manage their families at any time through mobile devices. Moreover, the value-added service market, derived from smart security hardware systems, is beginning to emerge. Most smart security systems are now built on a variety of smart camera, sensors, etc. network devices that can be used to collect data in addition to security needs.
In other value-added services, such as business management, passenger flow analysis, and precision marketing, it is possible to maximize user experience while improving user efficiency. These value-added services are also derived from the generalization of the security sector.
3) Customization: A growing number of needs in the area of segmentation open up new markets in the pan-security sector, where the industry displays a “long tail” feature. The long-tail effect emphasizes “personalization”, “customer power” and “small profit markets”, adding up these small markets cumulatively will reveal a huge market demand potential for the segmentation.
(b) Market marketing is difficult and requires a wider distribution of channels, thus increasing the cost of sales.
The output is low, but the number of MSMEs is large and the project base is large. 3, customization, each user ' s security requirements vary, and standardized product systems are more difficult to meet the non-targeting needs of different users. So the fragmentation market has been a painful and difficult point in the expansion of security firms ' operations.
Technology + products + solutions, company forward-looking layouts, and significant pre-emptive advantages. In the preceding paragraph, we have identified: 1) at the technological level of perception, companies range from visible light to non-visible light, infrared, millimetre wave radar, etc., as well as a rich category of sensors and a complete range of sensors. 2) At the product level, there is a large and complete variety of sub-situations.
Type of product. 3) At the solution level, customizing individualized options, from large industries to segmented areas. 4) Throughout the process, companies rely on a unified software architecture platform to produce a scale effect, which is a forward-looking corporate layout, deep figure 28: fragmentation, generalization, customizing market-typical landing scenarios.
4.2. Analysis of competition patterns: Industry understands that it is ahead of Bat and Hua, and that the scene is ahead of the one company, which is currently involved in the fragmentation, customization and pan-security markets. There are four main categories of enterprises: 1) traditional security providers, represented by Heiconway, and the stockholdings of Dahua; 2) technological and Internet leaders, represented by China and Bat; 3) ari
French companies, represented by four small broths, visions, charts, clouds, etc., are divided into four industry poles, and are represented by tree roots connected (three workers and one worker), Xu's Han-un (Su Xu) group, and Miyun's mind (the American group). Companies have a certain competitive advantage over each of the other three rivals:
1) Disaggregated product lines and video perception capabilities as the most important entry points. Disaggregated industries have been deep-deeping for many years, and are strong in channeling and industry understanding, but product hardware, algorithmics and power are clearly short sheets, especially for the front end, which is almost entirely captured as the most important entry point for data.
It's in the hands of Dragonhead. This is the advantage of the company as compared to the industry leader. 2) The advantage of the ai algorithm is that it's on the ground. It's on the ground, but it's on the ground, and there's a lack of knowledge and understanding of the industry in the long-term deep-ploughing industry, and there's a lack of capacity in the pipeline.
Shortfalls make the scene more difficult, and this is the advantage of the company over the company. 3) The advantage of technology and the Internet is that the industry understands and channels. On the one hand, the channels at the level of the town and the town and the industry's clients have developed a profound understanding of the industry's knowledge and needs.
On the other hand, a unified platform for software and hardware research and development allows companies to translate industry experience and knowledge into algorithmic models that produce products and solutions that ultimately meet the needs of their customers. For the big technologists and the Internet, the development of channels and the accumulation of knowledge requires long-term investment.
According to public data, in 2020 the average per capita wage was 250,000 yuan, while in 2020 China, for example, the average per capita wage was over 700,000 yuan, and lower unit prices in the fragmented market could limit the subjective ability of both the technology and the Internet giants. 4.3. Industry understandings and scenes depend on grasping client pain points, and the value of scarce channels is significantly underestimated.
In-depth insight and precision capture of client pain points, a well-developed network of marketing services is fundamental. According to the company's management at the 2021acloud Eco-conference, there are two models in the fragmented, customized industry services market: 1) industry first, technology first, and every industry first, to see what technology and product they have.
It can be used in the industry, and it can be constantly enriched, developed, and refined according to the needs of its users. It is the industry that leads and pulls. Technology is the same. 2) Technology is the first, the second, that is, the technology that transforms the industry with its own technology, and the industry is the same. Over the course of more than 20 years of company development, it has always been the firm that has chosen the first, the second.
The path of technology, the development of technology and products in the industrial landscape, and the creation of value for customers, the company calls this model "three-point technology, seven-point business." It is essential to understand and acquire the knowledge of the industry in depth, to grasp the pains of the client's needs and to be able to sink into the countryside and reach the fields.
Between 2011 and 2021, the number of company sales workers increased from 1613 to 9,296 with an annual compound growth rate of 19.14 per cent; sales were carried out by provincial operations centres and over 300 municipal branches covering most of the country ' s municipalities and ensuring the efficient operation of operations; and 19 regional functional centres were established outside the sea, with 66 branches and State-owned marketing, services and research and development
Capacity to provide services to 155 countries and regions. Corporate multi-level partners cover a wide range of markets, working closely with more than 6,000 distributors, 10,000 integrated operators, 300,000 engineers, 400,000 installers, and more than 1,000 service providers globally to deliver products and services to end-users; and with more than 30 universities and scientific institutes
Research and development resources pre-position and sink to match the network of marketing services to further highlight the scarce value of the channels.
Products and technology systems that match industry needs are key to building customer stickyness. The company promotes the construction of provincial business centres, upgrades provincial sub-firms to business centres, and establishes secondary sub-firms in priority cities, moving R & D and technical support resources forward, moving market tentacles up front with decision-making centres, matching the paved network of marketing services, closer contact and clothing.
Clients. This will be demonstrated by: 1) the establishment of provincial operations centres to decentralize R & D and technical support; 2) Headquarters responsibility for the development of the architecture, which will be updated every 2-3 years, and the development of components in the provincial operations centres and the delivery of the architecture portfolio to industry clients; 3) the integration of components into the component libraries when they are developed and other areas can be called for, with internal settlement payments.
At the end of the year, the company customised solution covered more than 10 broad categories of public service, business-related and more than 70 subcategories of industry applications, with 27,000 different models of hardware equipment sold each year.
It should be 20, 17, 14 times more expensive for companies than for comparable companies, but the company’s presence in the market and its dominance are more prominent than for other companies in the industry. Considering: the company as the global champion of security, 1) core issues: short-term performance contests, pbg, smbg failure potential vs overseas, innovation boosts; 2) value judgements: from standardized products
To semi-standard, semi-customized solutions, and then to fully customized solutions; 3) long-term development: customization, fragmentation is the inevitable direction of industrial development, the value of scarce channels is significantly underestimated, so for the first time we cover the macro level of giving companies “buy 1”, the impact of the epidemic increases the risk of SMEs operating and the company's smbg business is not progressing as expected.
(b) At the meso-level, the security sector is developing at a less rapid pace than expected, and general security and smart security are not progressing as expected; and (c) at the micro-level, the progress and pace of implementation of corporate projects is not as fast as expected; and the risk of bad debts arising from receivables;
Smart households in business, robotics are not progressing as expected; 4) labour costs are rising rapidly, resulting in high costs and profits unleashing less than expected risks, etc. (5) profitability forecasts may exceed existing pessimistic expectations;
6. Exchange rate risks and geopolitical risks: the company has overseas operations or a geopolitical and exchange rate over-expected financial forecast table for the Sea Conway, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.