Exploration for Reverse Cycle Mergers and Acquisitions, two of the leading mining leaders, 28 June 2024: company announcement of increased deposits.
\triangleright obtained an evaluation of mineral resource reserves from the natural resources authorities, totalling 18.3770 million tons of new copper metal resources and 5.7770 million tons of copper metal reserves, representing about 14.2 per cent of China ' s copper reserves at the end of 2022.
Tibet Dragon Copper Mine: China currently has the largest record of copper mines. This file has 258804 million tons of copper deposits, 15.3573 million tons of copper reserves and 1,2966,000 equity resources, representing the company's ability to recover minerals at a higher recovery rate of 0.17 per cent.
Qiuzu is, to a degree, a techno-enhanced reserve. Heilongjiang copper mine: the only single-sized copper mine in the northeast of China that has been detected in the last 40 years.
The next new mine V is the only super-large copper mine that has been detected in the northeast of China for nearly 40 years. This file is Zhang Qing, the copper mine has a quantity of 38.331 million tons of copper metal, of which V is the newly discovered Bani-blind mine.
The amount of copper metal resources is estimated at 2.81 million tons, to be 639-2,049 metres below the ground.
Litres - 2024/04/23 Comparative advantages, with unit survey costs well below the global industry average. Focusing on mine-seeking in existing mines, 2. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) reported depth in 2023
Active greenfield, palmland mineral strategic constituencies, risk mapping investment operations, autonomous surveying of more than 3.VM (60189.sh) incidents: simultaneous push of 50% of gold, copper and more than 90% of zinc (lead) resources.
Shareholding & Equity Incentives for Employees to show confidence in development - 2023 Core point: three major copper mining clusters continue to bloom, and lithium molybdenum strategic metal plates build new growth curves. Copper plate, timok+bor, Camoa, Dragons, three world-class copper mining clusters 2024-2026 will
Developments in the mining of violet (601899.sh) report: multiple openings, sustained increase in contributions; gold plates, multi-projected parallels, marine gold mines, rosebel, Savayalton structures, and growing gold production. Strategic metal plates, holding the two lakes' high-quality lithium resources.
5. Developmental report on the mining of purple gold (601899.sh): price reduction expected to translate resource advantage into yield advantage. At the same time, adding codes to strategic mine molybdenum.
Incidents: The company issued a notice of increased storage. The gold mine under the flag of the violet mine, the Tibetan dragon copper mine and the copper mine of the Heilong River, received an evaluation of the mineral resource reserves issued by the natural resources authorities, bringing the total of additional copper metal reserves to 1,837,000 tons and copper metal reserves to 5,777,000 tons, representing about 14.2 per cent of China ' s copper reserves at the end of 2022.
Analysis 2: Technical aids to explore major breakthroughs in Tibet Dragon Copper: China now has the largest recorded resource in copper mines. In 2020, China acquired 50.1 per cent of the interests of Tibet Dragon Copper Co. Ltd. (“Tronron Copper”)
The Tibetan dragon copper mining holdings, which took only one and a half years to complete the first phase of the construction of the original terminal, and to carry out systematic supplementary exploration of the mineral resources into drilling work of 87,000 metres and chemically analysed samples of 434,000 pieces of copper ore metal amounting to 258.804 million tons, and copper reserves amounting to 15.3573 million tons.
The amount of equity resources is 12,966,000 tons, and the amount of equity reserves is 7,694,000 tons. Compared to 2022, the amount of new copper reserves was 14.72 million tons, the amount of new copper reserves was 57,777,000 tons, and the amount of new equity resources, 7,378,000 tons of ore, to a certain extent, was technologically enabled.
In addition to the above-mentioned additional copper metal resources, the Great Dragon Minerals added a total of 1,002 tons of molybdenum and 8,157 tons of silver metal.
After this build-up, considering the second stage of Dragon's delivery, the ratio is up to 44-51 years. Currently, Dragon Copper Production is being tested in the first quarter of the year. The plant is built near the total open-air mining entrance of 5,200 metres above sea level. It is the highest-altitude mining plant in large-scale mines with a full automated system.
The size of the annual ore selection will increase from 45 million tons to more than 110 million tons (350,000 tons per day) and mineral copper to 230 tons; the mine will be the highest altitude, the lowest grade, and China's largest world class super-larger company expects more than double the copper storage space in Dragon III. The company research and design unit is in progress.
Following the completion of the second phase of the study of the dragon copper mine, further planning was made for the implementation of three phases, which, if approved by the relevant government departments, would reduce the final mining altitude from 4,452 metres in phase II to 4,090 metres, and would contain more than 20 million tons of copper available for development within the border, with the prospect of achieving an annual ore selection of about 200 million tons.
It's the largest copper mine in the world, producing about 600,000 tons of copper per year. 2.2 Copper mining in Heilongjiang: the only single large copper mine discovered in the northeast of China in almost 40 years.
In order to accelerate the full development of the copper mine, the copper industry has implemented a systematic copper mining study and survey of the copper mine, which has been drilled for 73,000 metres, with 147,000 samples from the basic chemical analysis.
In particular, deep detection using advanced material exploration techniques has led to significant breakthroughs and results. This new V mine is the only ultra-large copper mine that has been detected in the north-east of China for nearly 40 years.
The amount of copper metal resources is 2.81 million tons. In addition to the amount of new copper metal, the copper mine has an additional 130,000 tons of molybdenum metal, 55 tons of gold metal and 1,104 tons of silver metal.
Project development plan for the future: Underground mining of the copper mine industrial complex is already under construction and is scheduled to be launched in 2024, with 3 million tons of copper selected annually, 12,000 tons of copper produced in the postnatal period, 170 tons of molybdenum, deep copper deposits in the copper mountain area as pebbles, large body thickness, deep buried, low grade, company design sheets.
A deep copper development programme study is under way, which will introduce a natural-compulsory induction mining approach to the deposits, which is expected to yield good development benefits through technological progress and innovation. 2.3 Autonomous geological exploration for mining will lead to an increase in the intrinsicity of the minerals.
The company’s autonomous geological survey has a competitive comparative advantage in the industry, and the unit survey costs are much lower than the global average. Focusing on existing mines for mining purposes, active deployment of green and palm mineral strategic constituencies, wind exploration investment operations, autonomous exploration of over 50% of gold and copper resources, and over 90% of zinc (lead)
In 2023, the company invested $379 million in the exploration of new exploration, control and assumed rights 644,000 tons of molybdenum, 650.32 tons of silver and 101.44 million tons of carbonate equivalent. Chukaru-Pegui copper gold mine and Bojm/vk copper mine, Kolwezi copper (cobalt) mine, 3q salt lake lithium mine, copper mountain copper mine, dragon copper mine, ore
Significant progress has been made in geological explorations, such as fort gold ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
The three main copper mining clusters continue to bloom, and the timok+bor, Camoa, Dragons, three world-class copper mining clusters will continue to grow in 2024-2026.
Quantities; gold plates, multi-projected convergences, marine gold mines, rosebel, and Salvaalton constitute a new growth in gold production, which continues to grow. Strategic metal plates, holding high-quality lithium resources from the two lakes, expect resource advantages to translate into yield advantages.
17x, 14x, and 12x, maintain a “recommended” rating. 1) The project is not progressing as expected.
The slowdown will have an impact on profitability. 2) Prices such as copper gold fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, transparent prices, price fluctuations for copper, gold, zinc, silver, iron ore, etc., that can significantly affect corporate profitability if macroeconomic downturns or large supply reliefs occur.
The decline in metal prices could have a greater impact on companies’ profitability. 3) The geopolitical risks abroad. Corporate investment projects are spread across countries around the world. If local governments target companies, or raise taxes on mining companies, enact laws against mining companies abroad, etc.
Harnessing the interests of companies has an impact on their profitability. 4) Exchange rate risks, etc. Companies are spread across the globe and involve more foreign currencies, but while exchange rates are used to hedge against risks, there may be a risk of hedging failures or high exchange rate fluctuations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.