The world's leading copper gold ore service provider is expected to upgrade the valuation of the purple gold mining industry and the southern copper industry, also as world class mining companies, but there are significant differences in the valuation. From the point of view of pe(ttm), we look at the difference in the valuation of the two, and we find purple.
The gold mining valuation is significantly lower than that of the southern copper industry, which, since 2024, has been about 20 ttm, while the southern copper industry has been more than 30 times as high. From the point of view of market value/copper reserves, market value/copper resources, it seems that the gold mining industry is in competition with the southern copper industry.
The huge amount of gold in the mining industry and its reserves, which we converted from a value of about 1 ton of gold to about 8,000 tons of copper, found that the value of the gold mining was still lower than that of the southern copper industry, whether market value/copper reserves or market value/copper resources.
The relatively concentrated equity structure of the copper industry, the mineral life cycle leading the world, the lowest copper unit cost globally and the high red rate and controlled asset liability levels, together constructed their higher valuation levels.
Purple gold mining is an international leading copper gold ore service provider, and the expansion phase will lead to relatively high capital spending. It is based on copper gold, which is the leading international copper ore supplier, and will continue to grow more rapidly in the future.
Copper, 73.5 tons of gold, leading the national and international production of copper. Unlike the southern copper industry, the gold mining industry is still growing, with high capital spending leading to high/lowest prices in 52 weeks.
But we believe that the turning point will come as the market takes control of the cost of the violet mines.
The value is expected to continue to rise in 2024 q1 gold and copper students against the backdrop of inflation and geopolitical instability.
The cost of production fell by more than 7 per cent, rising by 3.88 per cent when compared with the cost of the southern copper industry ' s by-products, so that the cost disadvantage of the gold mine was rapidly shrinking, the modulus effect of the build-up capacity expansion was expected to continue to emerge in the future, as the expansion of the gold mine ended, with copper c10 per cent.
Capital and capital expenditures are expected to decrease and remain stable.2 With the construction of the expansion and remodelling project, the price of copper remaining high, the profits of the purple gold mine are expected to continue to rise, and the asset-liability ratio is expected to decline, with a red rate expected.
The core competitiveness of the violet mining industry lies in its outstanding technical capabilities in prospecting and processing. Companies have a competitive comparative advantage in the industry for autonomous geological surveys, with unit costs well below the cost of mapping.
Global industry averages. Actively laid green and palmland strategic constituencies, with a focus on existing mines, have implemented risk mapping investment operations and are now autonomously surveying over 50% of gold, copper, and more than 90% of zinc (lead) resources.
Business leads have been proven in history. It is expected that the future increase in reserves will lead to an increase in the value of its mineral production, which will eventually lead to an increase in valuation levels.
The decline in this expenditure has led to a downward trend in output growth, accompanied by a rise in resource nationalism, copper production that has often fallen short of market expectations in the last two years, and future supply and demand structures that are expected to continue to improve.
The expected downside of inflation is unlikely to show much, but we believe that the relatively healthy supply and demand balance of copper is expected to keep copper prices in a higher position, thus underpinning the trend towards the valuation of copper mining stocks, which may continue at the dawn of the golden age. Gold has already been recorded in 2024.
The big increase, but we think that the rise in this round is not over, that the essence of the price of gold is the deficit rate of the United States Government, and that the upward trend in the deficit rate of the United States may lead to the continuation of the gold as the United States economy weakens and the global geopolitics are strained.
A detailed industry perspective can be found in our earlier release of The Precious Metal Question 8: The Gold Cow City continues to be strong, the Purple Mine projects continue to be steadily operational, the company business income is expected to be less advanced than expected, the company ' s production costs are higher than expected, and copper prices are high.
There's also a difference in valuation between the violet mining industry and the southern copper industry. The violet mining industry and the southern copper industry are also world-class mining companies, but there is a clear difference in valuation between the two.
From the point of view of (ttm) observing the difference in valuation between the two, it was found that the value of the gold mine was significantly lower than that of the southern copper industry, which had been about 20 per cent since 2024, while that of the southern copper industry was more than 30 times higher. From the point of view of market value/copper reserves, market value/copper resources (see figure 2), it seems that the gold mining industry coincides with that of the southern copper industry.
However, given the large volume and reserves of gold in the mining industry, we have converted from a value to a value of about 8000 tons of copper (see figure 3) and found that the valuation of the mining industry is still lower than in the southern copper industry, whether it is market value/copper reserves or market value/copper resources.
This section will explore the valuation gap between the two in terms of equity structure, production costs and the life of the mines 1.1 Analysis of the reasons for the high valuation of the copper industry in the South,1 Centralization of the copper industry in the South, 88.9 per cent holding by the Mexican Group
The southern copper industry was created in 2005 to combine the southern Peruvian copper industry with the Mexican mining industry. The company’s major shareholders are the Mexican group (grupomexico), which holds 88.9% of the company’s shares, while the rest are held by the public, the concentration of the equity ratio and the low public shareholding may be one of the reasons for the high valuation of the southern copper industry.
The Mexican group is the world’s leading copper producer. The Mexican group is Mexico’s largest mining company. In addition, the company has strong rail transport and infrastructure, favourable policy and geographical conditions (the Mexican Government encourages foreign investment, provides incentives such as tax concessions) and a wide international trade network that together promotes the competitiveness of the southern copper industry as a pioneer mining company.
Southern copper is the world’s lowest-cost major copper company, and the South copper industry’s highly competitive cost operation offers a continuing competitive advantage. The South copper by-products have high earnings, lower ton copper costs, and is the lowest-cost large copper company on the leftmost side of the global copper cost curve. In 2023, the South copper industry had a certain cost.
Upgrade, excluding by-product copper costs of $2.19/pound (estimated at RMB 34,750/ton at a 7.2 exchange rate), compared with 8.4 per cent in 2022, the cash cost per pound of copper after deducting by-products of $1.03 per pound (equivalent to RMB 16344/ton), an increase of 32 per cent over the same period, and in addition to the increase in production costs, the decrease in the cost of by-product credit also affected the final result
Cost. The 24-year q1 cash cost of copper excluding by-products is $1.07 per pound (equivalent to RMB 16978/tonne), which remains the lowest-cost copper mining enterprise worldwide. By contrast, the cash cost of copper concentrate in the UV mine in 23 years is approximately RMB 19998/twt. Right, although in absolute terms it remains low, there is still a gap between the copper industry in the South.
For low-grade ores, the company uses wetworking. Although the wet process is less efficient and recovery is not high, its process is simple, requires less investment, energy consumption and material consumption are low, and therefore production costs are relatively low, a feature that forms an important part of the company’s cost competitiveness.
At the same time, the Southern Copper Industry, with its high-quality by-products such as molybdenum, offsets the cost of copper accordingly, making the overall cost of copper less costly, giving mining companies the ability to cope with commodity price fluctuations, with a corresponding higher valuation level that we consider reasonable, so controlling cost capacity is essential for mining companies.
Figure 7: The Southern Copper Industry has a significant cost advantage,3 the copper reserves and the remaining mining years.3 The Southern Copper Industry is the largest copper mining company in the world, significantly higher than other mainstream copper mining companies.
The Division follows a certain difference in the size of the reserves, but the southern copper industry remains the largest copper reserve in the world, benefiting mainly from the company’s five large reserves of resources in the main-power mines. In absolute terms, the southern copper sector still receives tons of copper. According to the 2023 report, copper reserves in the purple gold industry are 33.4 million tons, lower than in the southern copper industry and free ports.
The southern copper industry has a long lead life among all copper producers, with four large open-air mines. Because of the abundance of resources, although the company has been in service for more than 40 years, it has about 70 years left, even after 2028.
The company is still 50 years old, ahead of other well-known mining companies of the same kind. 1.2 A brief overview of the basics of the violet gold mining industry is an international leading copper ore supplier.
Founded on 6 September 2024, with its headquarters in Haut Hang County, Fujian Province, a publicly listed and State-owned limited company. The company is controlled by the High Hang County Fiscal Authority and the overall equity structure is stable. As of 31 March 2024, the Tsang Heung Hang State Asset Investment Company Ltd. is a shareholder in the company and holds 23.11% of the company’s shares, effectively controlling the capital of the Haut Hang County Fiscal Authority in Fujian Province.
It is based on copper gold, which is the leading international supplier of copper gold ore, and will continue to grow faster in the future. In 2024, 1,110,000 tons of copper, 73.5 tons of gold, and national and international lead in copper production, were planned.
Tens of tons of silver reserves, 1864 tons of molybdenum reserves, 1.6 million tons of molybdenum reserves, leading the country ' s mining industry, with the southern copper industry leading in terms of the mine ' s remaining mining years, dividends and debt ratios, possibly with a relatively high valuation of the mine 1 and the mine ' s remaining mining years being lower than the southern copper.
In the case of the main mines, the southern copper industry still has an advantage. In terms of the remaining mining years of the main mines, the southern copper industry is based on a large resource reserve, with the company producing four major mines, all of which are old, with the exception of buenavista, all of which have at least 35 years of mining without increased storage, and the remaining years of mine availability in the Cuajone and Toquepala mines.
Unlike the rapidly growing copper mining industry in the country, most of the mines under the banner of copper were shipped in the 1960’70’s, and the main mine, the Buenavista mine, even started operating in the late nineteenth century. The mines are still operating steadily today, benefiting from excellent resource endowments and good maintenance.
In contrast, the remaining mineable years of the Karmoa copper mine, the giant dragon copper mine and the mine in the lower timok mines at the heart of the gold mine are 41, 43 and 36 years, although they are also relatively good, the remaining mines have relatively low mining years, which also leads to the market's inevitable for their 2nd cycle growth — the current high debt rate for the gold mine is low and the difference is low.
In comparison to the southern copper industry, the stock-to-debt ratio is higher in the purple gold mining industry. Since 2016, the M&As and investments have been more frequent, and long-term borrowings have been accompanied by a significant expansion in asset size, which has reached 65.1% in 16 years, for nearly three years, as copper prices have risen and remained historically high, corporate profits have increased, and asset-to-debt ratios have generally declined.
The average rate was 54.7 per cent in q1 in 24 years; while there were more M&A items in the M/V mine, with higher asset-liability ratios of 5.8 per cent and 4.42 per cent, respectively, in 2023, while the M/I rate fluctuated at around 2 per cent, mainly because of the relatively small demand for financial resources from the Southern Copper Industry, which then moved into an expansionary cycle after 2016, with successive acquisitions of the M/V mine, Bo.
The copper mine, the timok copper mine, the dragon gold mine, the maritime gold mine, the Vuritica gold mine, the Orola gold mine in Guyana, and the Rosebel gold mine, among others, while the copper gold mine has new and expanded projects that take up more cash flows. Thus, the ratio of dividends and dividends in the purple gold mine is lower than in the southern copper industry.
2-violet gold mining, a global leader in prospecting processing: 2.1 points one: historical evidence of outstanding technical capabilities in prospecting, processing of mines; the rise of the gold mining industry with a strong capacity to find mines and dispose of low-grade mineral resources.
In 1993, the Upper Hang County Minerals Company was transformed into the Purple Gold Mining Corporation, which focused on the development of purple gold gold mines. It decided to take the risk of using the “bumping” process, which is to spray the broken gold ore with sodium cyanide solutions and then collect it.
The gold-bearing solution of gold has set a precedent for large-scale inundation of successful industrial production in the southern slopes. The immersion process has not only been simple, with little investment, but has also significantly reduced production costs, resulting in the rise of the gold mining industry, which has previously been a low-grade mine with no mining value.
After that, the gold mine began to move to the whole country, resulting in a number of replications of the development of the gold mountain. The gold mine was successively acquired in Guizhou, the mercury cave gold mine and the Gilling spring gold gold gold mine.
In the Guizhou Mercury Hole gold mine, the mining industry has achieved the economic recovery of the difficult smelting ore by applying the pressure preoxidation technology developed by it. In Jilin Spring, the small southwest fork in gold and copper mine, the industry has integrated the country's former company into the country's economy, bringing about the successful path of low-grade resources and low-cost integrated management.
Intra-selected gold mining enterprises with the lowest ranking gold, the violet gold mining industry has the core technology of geological exploration, hydrometallurgical metallurgy, integrated recycling of low-grade resources, large-scale engineering development, leading the industry, mainly as follows:
(i) Purple gold mining, starting with low-grade difficult-to-smelting ore development, to develop an autonomous technological and managerial innovation capability; and (ii) industry-led technological excellence and extensive practical experience in geological survey evaluation, mining techniques, integrated recycling of low-grade difficult-to-smelting resources and environmental protection;
(3) The original “Ore Flows to One” mining engineering model, with capabilities for ground surveying, mining, mineral selection, metallurgy, environmentally sound and autonomous technology and engineering research and development: (4) company technological export capabilities, capable of carrying out systematic technical clearances and programme outputs for the project company,
Technical problems of the ceded enterprises, such as large-scale projects such as the former long-term losses of Serbian copper ore and the Rosebel gold ore in Suriname, which were dominated by the company, were reversed for less than a year. Economic recovery of the difficult smelting ore through technological innovations, such as pressurized preoxidation technology, increased resource utilization
Low-grade resources through integrated recycling techniques such as sulfur concentrate acid, waste stone filling, etc., to increase resource utilization and reduce rings
Integrated recycling Associated mineral impacts
Application of technologies such as house demolitions, large-scale mechanical equipment, large-scale open-air mining, increased productivity, reduced large-scale engineering open-air mining Promotion of intelligent selection, production efficiency, lower production costs and higher levels of safety management
The company’s autonomous geological survey has a competitive comparative advantage in the industry, with unit survey costs well below the global industry average. Focusing on existing mines for mining purposes, active deployment of greenfields, palmland strategic constituencies, risk mapping investment operations, autonomous exploration of over 50% of gold, copper, and over 90% of zinc (lead) resources.
In addition, according to a recent company announcement from the Purple gold mining industry, a major breakthrough has been made in the search for additional deposits in its dragon and copper mountain deposits: the receipt of an evaluation of mineral resource reserves issued by the natural resources authorities, which combined 18,377,000 tons of new copper and metal reserves and 57,77 million tons of copper and metal reserves, of which some 14.2 per cent of China's copper reserves at the end of 2022, are:
Its total additional resources amounted to 18,377,000 tons, of which 14,726,000 tons were for dragons and 3,651,000 tons for Dobble Hills, while the total additional reserves increased by 57,777 million tons, all of which were increased by dragons. The latest breakthrough in the search for ore reserves of purple gold was a strong demonstration of its ability to conduct autonomous research and to search for ore exploration.
The core competitiveness of the mining industry lies in its excellent technical capacity for prospecting and processing. Increasing reserves are expected to increase the productive life of its mines, leading to an increase in valuation levels.
2.2 Bright Two: Reciprocal M&As decapitate assets, grow space, promote business M&As at a time when bulk commodities are low, and have some capacity to grow. Against a backdrop of slow global economic growth, declining demand for minerals, increased resource exploration and exploitation costs, many mining companies are facing a break in the financial chain.
Pressure, pressing for sale, and the violet gold mining industry is determined to take up and buy at the bottom of the gold, copper resource cycle (price decline or low stage), and to achieve efficiency and cross-cutting development at a low cost in the process of major industry adjustments and shuffling. As can be seen from the chart below, violet gold acquires the Kolwezi copper mine, the Kamoa copper mine, and the timok during periods of low or falling copper prices.
In the case of copper gold mines, where the mining belt and the price of gold have fallen, the purchase of the Savayaton gold mine in Xinjiang Ucha, 30 per cent of the gold mine in the eastern part of the mountain, the Su Rinan rosebel gold mine, the gold mining industry, etc., the company has an accurate grasp of metal prices, based not only on copper, which continues to be heavily priced, but also on precision at the bottom of the cycle, determined large-scale mergers and acquisitions, and rapid holdings of high-quality assets in the industry.
In 23 years, the mine produced more than 1 million tons of copper and about 68 tons of gold, since 2020 it has produced an average of 30% of the annual compound-promotion copper and 15% of the gold, the only company in the world to produce three years of actual copper production in the top 15 mines. In the future, top-level resource and capacity allocation will help companies produce.
Figure 21: Planning for the future growth of various minerals in the violet mining industry
The third phase of the Congolese Kamoa copper mining selection project is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 24 years, when the annual capacity will rise to over 600,000 tons of copper.
The re-engineering of the Tibetan Dragon II has been approved by the relevant authorities, with a total of over 100 million tons of ores to be selected in the post-partum period, and a total of 300,000 to 350,000 tons of minerals per year. Copper is expected to become the largest single-body copper mine in the country and the largest in the world in this century.
The completion of the mining project for the copper mine ore in Dobble Mountain is expected to increase to 120,000 tons of annual production capacity, and the completion of the expansion of the Rosebel gold mine in Suriname is expected to yield 10 tons of annual mineral capacity.
The gold mine in the south is about 2,000 tons per day of gold mining in the south of the country, and is expected to be upgraded to the largest gold mine in China, with companies holding gold in the sea.
Some 44 per cent of the real rights (including 20 per cent of the gold mining industry) pre-enactment preparations for accelerated progress in the ensign molten mines have the potential to build the world's largest molybdenum mine.
The completion of the 5 million tons of lithium polymetal mining project in Hunan, which is expected to produce approximately 30,000 tons/yearly equivalent lithium carbonate production capacity after delivery, and the full completion of the 3q lithium salt lake in Argentina, which is expected to produce 4-66 tons/year lithium carbonate production capacity, were invited to lead the exploration and exploitation of the north-east of the world class lithium mine, the Congo (Minonono) lithium mine.
With the accelerated expansion of production such as the dragon copper mine and the Dobble Mountain copper mine, the accompanying mineral silver production will be raised in full by 2.3 points three: financial performance will remain stable, cost-control capacity will be proven. The financial performance of the purple gold mining industry will be impressive, and gross operating income and net return profits will increase every year.
The figure of $293.403 billion represents an increase of 8.54 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is $21.19 billion, an increase of 5.38 per cent in the same year, while the income from the q1 battalion in 24 years has remained essentially unchanged at 0.22 per cent in the same year, but benefits from improved cost control capabilities and higher gold prices, resulting in a positive growth trend of 15.05 per cent in the same year.
In terms of the cost of the period, the cost of sales, management costs, financial costs of the q1 gold mine was 179 million yuan for 24 years, 1.787 billion yuan, 803 million yuan and 326 million yuan, with a steady decrease of 0.24 per cent/283 per 1.07 per cent for the period. Copper mining operations were located on the left side of the global copper cost curve. In 2023, the average cost of copper business rose by 15 per cent over the same period, compared to 15 per cent in 2023.
The cost of copper c1 in the purple gold mining industry fluctuated due to the devaluation of the renminbi exchange rate, the decline in the grade of the selected items, the rise in prices of fuel, electricity costs and the production of support materials, the increase in the distance of extraction transport, and the higher average cost of higher yields of low-grade mines, but remained more stable at the top 20 per cent of the world, with copper concentrates selling at a unit cost of $18852 per ton in 22 years and 23 years.
Cost controls are good, and the 24-year q1 cost ring decline is not easy in the context of inflation. At the beginning of 2024, the director of the Purple Gold Minerals Board began the upward trend in the company’s overseas cost will be effectively curbed.
Eventually, in 2024, q1, the copper concentrate cost in the violet mine was $18.546 per ton, 7.26 per cent lower than the 2023 average, and the cost decreased rapidly to enhance corporate profitability.
We believe that there are three main reasons why the gold mining industry is currently valued less than the copper industry in the South: the lower cost of copper in the South has led to higher-quality profitability and reduced profitability. The second is that the copper industry in the South has higher dividends and lower asset-liability rates. The third is that the current level of copper in the South has led to longer mineral production life.
But we believe that the valuation is expected to increase with market certification of the cost control of the mining of purple gold, rising red rates and rising reserves: 1 - In a broader context of inflation and geopolitical instability, the cost of production of copper in the mining of q1 of purple gold fell by more than 7% in 2024.
Compared to the cost of the southern copper sub-product by-products, the cost disadvantage of the gold mine is rapidly shrinking, the scale effect of the build-up capacity expansion is expected to continue in the future, and the cost of copper and capital spending is expected to decrease and stabilize once the expansion of the gold mine ends.
2. With the expansion and renovation of the project and the maintenance of high copper gold prices, it is expected that the profits of the gold mine will continue to rise, that the asset-liability ratio is expected to decline, that the dividends are expected to rise, and that the overall gold industry will be expected to be brought into line.3 The core competitiveness of the gold-mining industry lies in its excellent technical capabilities in prospecting and processing.
The mine's productive life will eventually lead to an increase in valuation levels. Three copper gold years, with continued high prices, are expected to be valued in a stable manner.
The main mining, copper, gold resources, and production capacity are among China’s top 10 in the world. In an era of steady rises in copper prices, purple gold mining is expected to emerge.
3.1 Copper: Resource barriers have led to a gradual increase in central prices. Copper is trapped in resource endowments and capital spending has declined. Production growth is expected to be in the lower range. ... With the rise of resource nationalism, copper production has often fallen short of market expectations in the last two years, and future supply and demand structures are expected to improve continuously.
Although historically copper prices have shown considerable signs of falling inflation expectations during the Federal Reserve ' s interest rate reduction process, we believe that the relatively healthy supply and demand balance table for copper is expected to keep copper prices in a higher position, thus underpinning the trend in the copper mining unit valuation towards 1, long-term capital spending, declining resource endowments and resource nationalism that slows the marginal supply of copper.
Over the years, exploration takes an average of 12.4 years, construction 1.4 years, construction 2.4 years to start, and the overall cycle is longer than gold. Even with higher copper prices, the supply side remains somewhat rigid in the short term, and it is difficult in the short term for copper mines to have significant releases.
According to the capital expenditure of the copper industry, there was no significant increase in the copper cow phase in 2021, and the current rate of increase in production is likely to be high in relation to 2.4 years of construction. According to the exploration capital of the copper industry, although it rose from the bottom of 2020 to $312 million in 2023, the decline in resource endowments was due to the 16-year period from exploration to production.
Future copper exploration has become more difficult, and since 2017 there have been no new large-scale copper mining resources worldwide, and funding constraints have begun to emerge. While the impact is relatively limited in the short term, in the longer term, the logical certainty of a declining supply of copper is increasing.
In November 2023, the Panamanian cobrepanama copper mine, under its first-volume flag, ceased production due to unconstitutionality (which produced 350,000 tons of copper annually, or about 1.5 per cent of global copper production). To date, production has not resumed.
In the copper demand structure, China accounts for more than 60 per cent of the demand, while real estate accounts for a relatively small share, with only 15 per cent of China ' s demand for construction, and is relatively less relevant, and more relevant for electricity and manufacturing, so there is no need to worry about the disproportionate impact of downward pressure on real estate on copper prices.
The copper supply is unconstitutionally influenced by mines under the first-volume flag and has not yet been reproduced. The Panamanian cobrepanama copper mine under the first-volume flag ceased production due to unconstitutionality in November 2023 (the mine produces 350,000 tons a year, accounting for 1.5% of global copper production).
In the copper demand structure, China accounts for more than 60 per cent of the demand, while real estate accounts for a relatively small share, with only 15 per cent of China ' s demand for construction, and is relatively less relevant, and more relevant for electricity and manufacturing, so there is no need to worry about the disproportionate impact of downward pressure on real estate on copper prices.
Figure 30: Structure of domestic copper demand, construction: about 15%
3.2 Gold: The upward trend, the dawn of the golden age, the upward trend is likely to continue. In 2024, while gold has recorded a significant increase, we believe that the rise in the current round is not over, and that the essence of the price of gold is the deficit rate of the United States Government, which is changing as the United States economy evolves.
We believe that the upward trend in the US deficit rate is likely to lead to a continuation of the rise in gold. A detailed industry perspective can be found in our earlier release of Precious Metal Question 8: Gold Cow City may continue.1 Central Bank purchases are expected to continue for a long time, and the Central Bank of China has suspended purchases as a temporary disturbance.
In May and June 2024, the Central Bank of China’s suspension of gold purchases triggered fluctuations in the gold market, a factor we believe to be in the short term. In the long run, China’s current foreign exchange reserves account for about 5 per cent of gold, and there is still a large gap between the United States, Germany and other European countries, and there is still much room for continued gold purchases in the future.
Historically, the Central Bank of China has stopped buying gold, often accompanied by a trend upturn in gold prices, rather than by market concerns, and in 2022, after the Central Bank of China stopped growing gold prices, with varying degrees of trend upturning in gold prices, and thus, to some extent, the central bank's increase in gold can be regarded as a “deep-down”.
When buying gold, central banks take into account to some extent the price of gold, and the price of gold in 2024 is higher than ever before. When gold prices are even higher, there is a certain price sensitivity that allows central bank purchases to be phased down.
In the long run, gold is associated with a strong deficit rate in the United States. Although gold is no longer a French currency, its unique monetary attributes can be considered to be a “black mirror” of credit currency, which is underpinned by government credit, government letter.
The higher the deficit rate, the weaker its credit, for example, when the United States surged in the 1960s under the Vietnam war and the “great society” process, the deficit of the United States federal government reached $25.1 billion in 1968, twice as high as a year ago, triggering countries to start pressing for gold, while President Nixon unilaterally renounced his gold position in 1971 and refused to do so.
Gold for gold, eventually Bretton Woods. Now that the Bretton Woods system is no longer in place, countries still consider credit factors for reserve capital, and rising deficits in the United States will allow central banks to reduce their dollar asset reserves and shift to higher gold, ultimately creating a correlation between gold and deficit rates. Gold-deficit ratios are stronger, with high real interest rates.
In the 1980’s and 1990’s, the decline in gold could be explained by the downside of the deficit rate, while the traditional framework of real interest rates seemed to have been non-existent. Indeed, the current Palestinian-Israeli conflict has brought benefits for gold’s risk-free attributes, but at a far deeper level, the US is in the middle.
In recent years, the US dollar’s share of global foreign-exchange reserves has fallen to its lowest level in 25 years, with the effects of events such as the war in Russia and Ukraine, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and the reversal of America’s long-standing high deficit and anti-globalization. That explains why central banks continue to buy gold.
And the current decline in the attractiveness of dollar assets and the dollar’s share of global foreign exchange reserves means that the US Treasury has to rely on higher interest rates to attract international investors. And high interest rates are undoubtedly a double-edged sword, and higher interest rates can increase the attractiveness of US debt, thereby helping it to access external financing, but high-cost national debt is also certainly increasing.
The US Fiscal and Budget Office predicts that the interest on US debt will rise over the next decade, and is expected to exceed 16% of total budget expenditure in 2034, if we consider the lower-than-expected rate of interest reduction in the US as a result of second-inflation concerns.
The share is likely to continue to rise, and we expect the overall deficit level in the United States to be higher than expected in a situation where statutory spending is rigid and liberal (mostly defence spending) is difficult to go down owing to geopolitical instability.3 The interest-reduction cycle is expected to open, and trading entry is expected to accelerate the gold boom.
The extent of the recovery in the United States economy is difficult to confirm. According to the data on non-farm casual workers in the United States (as a result of layoffs, which used to capture downward trends in the United States economy with a more sensitive approach), casual employment is negative for the same period and is declining in absolute terms, with 2.666 million people in June 2024, the lowest since December 2020.
Gold has entered rapidly, thus accelerating the increase in gold. Trading has actually to wait for confirmation of interest cuts, and trading-type funds that are now sensitive to real interest rates have not yet arrived, or even contributed negatively. In 24 years of gold booms, the world’s largest gold-setf-spdr holdings have not risen.
Instead, it is a decline in holdings compared to early 2024 (before the boom), suggesting that interest-rate-sensitive funds have been involved and contributed negatively to the rise in this round of gold. Historically, after the arrival of Spdr has generally moved down with certainty in real interest rates, we believe that it would have accelerated the entry of transactions represented by Spdr in the wake of a shift in US monetary policy.
In 2024-2026, with the continued strong prices of gold and copper, the UV mining projects continued to work steadily, and production was projected for 2023: copper production reached an all-time high in 2023, with 1,010,000 tons of copper, an 11 per cent increase from the same year.
China and Asia's only mineral copper production, with millions of tons of copper, is the top five in the world; mineral gold, with 67.7 tons, an increase of 20 per cent over the same year; mineral zinc (lead), with 467,000 tons, an increase of 3 per cent over the same year; and mineral silver, with 412 tons, an increase of 4 per cent over the same year.
Planning announcement, with company mineral copper production of 111 (+10%)/122 (+10%) tons in 2024-2025, and further increase in mineral copper and gold production to around 92 tonnes in 2028. Corporate projects are not as fast as expected, company production costs are higher than expected, copper prices are falling dramatically, geopolitical risks are at stake,
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.