The copper gold mine is a global leader, and new projects have been released for more than 30 years, entering the lead in international mining for the first time.
In 2024, the company's performance continued to rise as a result of higher metal prices, such as copper and gold, and the company's ability to optimize costs, acquire and expand mineral production.
The Federal Reserve expected interest reductions and central bank-led gold prices to rise since the beginning of 2024, with interest rates expected to continue to warm for the second half of the year, the United States economy in June was not as good as expected, and the prices of Palestinian and Russian companies compared to the 300-year-old trend.
The company’s gold production and resources were the first in Asia and the first in the world, with 67.7 tons of gold from mines in 2023, corresponding to 23% of China’s total gold from mines, compared to 20.17% in 2023.
Projects such as production, Rossbel gold mining and marine gold mining continue to contribute to the increase in gold.
Investment in the domestic electricity grid in 24h1 and production of air conditioners in +23.7% and +11.7% respectively, demand retrenched tons, top five of the global copper industry, with new company production expected to continue in 2024-2025: the three stages of the Karmoa copper mine are expected to produce 600,000 tons in the post-partum year, and Serbian copper.
Mining is expected to be able to expand its engineering capacity to 300,000 tons by 2025. Quick-cycle M&As + efficient management models, with cost advantages leading the industry Counter-cyclical M&As: companies rely on economic thinking and professional analytical decision-making capacity in mining, copper gold mining.
The bulk of the purchases are at relatively low metal prices, followed by the release of full-fledged recovery dividends from production capacity, and the cost of copper and gold mergers and acquisitions is significantly lower than in the industry. Autonomous exploration: the company is the first mining company in the country to have the ownership of the development of advanced international exploration equipment, with more than 50% of copper and gold.
Source and more than 90% of zinc (lead) resources are available for autonomous exploration, and unit survey costs are significantly lower than those of global counterparts. Mining operations: company-initiated management model for the “ore stream five” integrated mining development links, lower production operating costs for copper c1 and gold, as announced.
Aisc costs are at the top 20% of the world ' s cost. UV mining is a leading domestic and global multi-metal mining industry, with advanced exploration techniques and efficient mine management capabilities, followed by mining technology and new projects, and companies.
Performance is expected to continue to climb, and we expect that the net return profits from the purple gold mining industry in 2024-2026 will be less than expected, respectively; that metal prices will fluctuate significantly; and that there will be risks in offshore mining operations.1 After more than 30 years, we have been in the lead in international mining.
One hundred and thirty years of deep-cultivated mining, the development of a three-step strategy by the world's leading multi-metal mining group, which is currently engaged in the development of resources such as copper, gold, zinc and lithium worldwide, with significant mining investments in 17 provinces and 15 countries abroad
12.4 million tons of silver, 22773 tons of silver, 141.1 million tons of lithium (equivalent lithium carbonate) and 4.33 million tons of molybdenum; development of the gold mine in the Purple Gold Hills to lay the foundation for the mining head (1986-2000): the company, which is the predecessor of the gold mine, was established in 1986 and is responsible for the development of the gold mine in the Purple Gold Mountain.
When the mine was initially considered to be of low value for exploitation, Mr. Chen Xingjiang took the bold initiative of using low-investment, low-cost production and immersion techniques to develop the potential of the low-grade purple gold mine, laying the foundation for the development of the gold mine.
The first step of the three-step strategy, “Leadering the domestic gold industry” (2000-2005): in 2000, a stock-sharing reform was completed in the gold industry's first-powered gold mining industry, which further proposed a three-step development strategy “Leadering the domestic gold industry - Lead the domestic mining industry - Joining the international mining front” to Guizhou, Guizhou,
Xinjiang, Xinjiang, etc. are involved in the development of mines.
The goal of “leading the domestic gold sector” has begun to move overseas and towards polymetallicity: 2008h stock listings accelerated by capital markets; 2013 companies achieved the second step of “leading the domestic mining industry” and the third step of the three-step strategy, “Become advanced in international mining” (2014-present): 2015, purple
The gold mining industry acquired 50 per cent of Baric (New Guinea) shares and 49.5 per cent of the Congo's Kamoa shares, the internationalization of companies was gradually entering the harvest period, and the gold, copper, lithium and other mines were acquired in many parts of the country and abroad. In 2021, the company again proposed a three-phase strategic objective for development over the next decade: “Green high technology”
Top-class international mining group.” Chart 2 The history of Purple Gold Mining (2005-present) has been re-created for five years, and revenues and profits have continued to grow. In 2018, the company proposed a “five-year re-created purple gold”
Mineral gold contributed to the increase in revenues. In 2023, gold/copper revenues from the mining mines were 270.9/414.7 billion yuan, compared with 20.8 per cent/+14.4 per cent, respectively, and the company ' s copper production continued to rise in recent years, with the accumulation of copper, gold prices, and the company ' s mineral gold/copper business contributed revenues and profits.
Figure 5. Mineral gold revenues and growth. Chart 6. Copper production and increase in mining prices, benefiting from the upturn in metal prices since 2024. Corporate profitability continues to climb, with gold/copper production from 24q1 mines.
The ownership structure is clear at the top of the financial bureau of the county. The first shareholder of the mining industry is the State Enterprise for Investment in the State of Guanxiingang, which is fully owned by the financial bureau of the county, with 23.11% shareholding, and the corporate equity structure.
The management is committed to mining research, and the management team has been stable for many years. The management of the company has a number of senior professor-level engineers, including the chairman of the board, Mr. Chen Xinghe, with a strong professional background and sufficient experience in mining development and company transport camps.
1.3 With a world-class multi-metal resource, copper gold production is among the world’s leading, world-class, diversified mining assets, and basic metals + small metals have multiple layouts. Purple mining has a domestic stock of leading, world-class resources, such as copper, gold, lithium, and so on. As of the end of 2023, companies had 95.47 million tons of copper.
Gold resources amount to 34,65 tons, lead zinc resources amounting to 12.4 million tons, and silver resources amounting to 228,000 tons. The company’s main mining power, copper, gold resources and production capacity, is in the lead in China, the world’s top 10 and zinc production is consistently in the lead in China, the world’s fourth, lithium, molybdenum, silver and the like, releasing their accompanying capacity in the coming years or will be among the world’s leading producers.
Chart 12 Production Planning of Mineral Products Chart 11 Mineral Resources (Empowers Act) Top Five Copper Productions in the World and Productions of Overseas Projects.
100.73 million tons of copper were produced by the company, mainly from the Congolese Kamoa copper mine. Project I and II combined build-up capacity was completed in 23q1 and in 2023 394,000 tons of copper and copper from Kamoa mine, with three selections expected to produce 600,000 tons in the postnatal year 24q2 and 23,89 million tons in 2023 from the Serbian copper mine.
In 2025, the expansion was completed, with a capacity of 300,000 tons. High gold production, followed by a substantial increase in the resumption of production of the Powgra + maritime gold. In 2023, the company produced 67.7 tons of gold from existing mines, equivalent to 23 per cent of total gold production from Chinese mines, gold production and production.
Resources are the first in Asia and the tenth in the world. The 2023 increase in gold was from the Rosebel gold mine in Suriname, which was 7.6 tons of mineral gold in February-December 2023, and 7.9 tons of planned gold in 2024, which is expected to be 10 tons of annual capacity after the completion of technology. The Powgra gold mine in Papua New Guinea was regenerated at the end of 2023 and has reached the post-partum stage.
21 tons of mineral gold per year (approximately 5 tons of interest) are expected to be produced in 2025; the marine gold mining programme will be operational in 2025, with a total of pre-natal lead zinc: first in the country, second in Asia and second in the world in 2023, in the purple zinc industry, with the company achieving full production of 43.22 million tons of zinc in the mineral zinc concentrates (2.24 per cent over the same period), and in the mineral lead concentrates.
The company has 2.16 million tons of lce in the Tibetan Lake of Largo, which is expected to produce 4-50 million tons of lithium hydroxide in the post-natal period, following up on market conditions, and 830,000 tons of lithium from the Hunan hard rock mine, with a 300,000-ton/year selection system in place.
With a contribution of 2903 tons of lce in 2023, a second phase of 5 million tons was planned for production in 25q2; the 3q Salt Lake overseas in Argentina has approximately 854 million tons of lce and is currently moving forward with a two-phase project of 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate; and the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s Kim Manono Lithium mine is expected to continue.
Figure 18 Lithium for Purple gold mining project and 2023 production: silver, iron, molybdenum, tungsten, cobalt, sulphuric acid, etc.: 411.99 tons of silver from the company ' s mines in 2023, silver smelting ton, cobalt 2306 tons.
Take a look at the long-term range of gold prices.
Risk-free rate of return: gold as a non-interest-bearing asset, negative relationship with risk-free rate of return, risk-free rate of return, high value added properties of gold, high gold prices, usually using the 10-year real rate of return on United States debt as a risk-free rate of return. 2) United States dollar index: gold is replaced by the dollar and negative relationship exists. 3) Avoidance:
The price of gold has stagnated against the value of other assets as economic risks have increased. Since 2024, the situation in the Middle East has been shaken and uncertainty in the United States general elections has risen. As at 29 July 2024, domestic gold prices stood at $553.67/g, an increase of 21.28 per cent over the same period the previous year.
The price of gold and the ten-year debt of the United States have fluctuated since the beginning of 202023, the price of gold and the dollar index of the United States dollar have fluctuated since the beginning of the year 21202, and the central bank purchases have driven gold demand up. According to the World Gold Association, since 2022, the price of gold has been rising.
The central banks of Poland, Singapore, and Turkey have continued to grow in gold, plus 316 tons. Despite the suspension of the increase in gold since June, taking into account cost-control considerations, as of July 2024, China ' s share of gold in foreign exchange reserves was only 4.93%, the global share of gold in foreign reserves was about 17%, and Europe and the United States more than 40%, so we believe that central banks have increased their share of foreign reserves.
Figure 22 Balance of supply of and demand for gold Figure 23 Central Bank of China gold reserves and increases Figure 24 gold share of foreign exchange reserves by country (%)
2.2 Copper: supply is tight at the end of the mine, copper demand is relatively stable. Copper price doubles: copper prices are influenced by macroeconomic and supply and demand factors. Copper is a commodity and financial attribute. Prices are affected by macroeconomic fluctuations and the supply and demand of copper concentrates, producing 350,000 tons per year in the first quantity by the end of 2023.
In the medium-to-long term, the level of global stocks of copper minerals has declined and copper prices remain high.
Figure 27 20% import of copper concentrate tc (US$/tonne) in Shanghai, power grids and domestic electricity demand are supported, and the conflicting demand for copper demand and supply is highlighted. According to the United States Geological Survey, 22 million tons of copper were produced globally in 2023, compared to 0.46% in 2023, 1.86% in cagr in nearly 10 years, according to iggs globally.
The consumption of copper increased at the same rate in 2023 and caagr in 2013-2023 at 2.78 per cent and 2.18 per cent, respectively. The demand for end-of-pipe copper, due to its conductivity, is used for the conductivity of electrical devices such as cables, home appliances, etc., and the domestic grid investment in 24h1 and output at the same rate as +23.7 per cent and +11.7 per cent respectively, while electricity and domestic electricity demand supported copper consumption.
Figure 28 Global copper production and increase, Figure 29 Global copper consumption and increase, Figure 30 National grid investment completed and comparable
Figure 31 Domestic air-conditioning production and the same ratio of counter-cyclical M & A + efficient management model, leading by cost advantage, is good at counter-cyclical M & As, leading to efficient global resource allocation.
Analysis of decision-making capacity for counter-cyclical mergers and acquisitions, with companies buying copper gold at relatively low metal prices since 2010, followed by production capacity to release the full recovery dividend. According to company announcements, since 2020, the average cost of buying and buying corporate resources is about $50/tonne of copper, about $70/ounce of gold, which is significantly lower than that of a global peer.
In the same period, the average level of mergers and acquisitions of 200 United States dollars per ton of copper, 80 United States dollars per ounce of gold.
In 2023, the company surveyed 82.41 tons of gold and 264.7 tons of copper, gold and more than 90 per cent of zinc (lead) resources for autonomous exploration.
Using the management model of the five ores, the mining industry combines the geological, mining, mineral selection, smelting, and environmental aspects of mining development. In the case of the earlier gold mines, companies are creative about their steep terrain and heavy rainfall.
For several mining companies under the flag, the company uses a “one-size-fits-all” development to optimize the construction programme, contain the cost of investment, shorten the construction cycle, and produce transport.
A large-scale project, which had lost a profit in less than a year after the company had run, was announced to be in the top 20 per cent of the world of the cost of copper c1 and gold aisc.4 Profit forecasting and valuations were explored
Key assumptions and income projections: Gold in mines: volume: rosebel gold conversion, re-production of Powgra, mining gold production in the sea, etc. 2024 - Copper in mines: volume: expected increase in contribution from the Kamoa III, Serbian copper industry, etc., assuming 2024 -
In 2026, mineral copper production was 89/96/104 million tons; prices: copper supply was tight, assuming that copper prices as a whole were maintained
Metal varieties are dominated by precious and industrial metals and are comparable in operations with the purple gold mining industry. Purple mining, a copper- and gold-based multi-metal mining company, is currently valued below the industry average, and subsequent capacity releases are less than expected: the company's three-phase selection project, the Serbian copper mine expansion, and the maritime gold mine.
(b) Significant fluctuations in metal prices: companies operate on the development of resources such as copper, gold, lead and zinc and lithium, and fluctuations in metal prices affect public sales prices and hence sales revenue;
Overseas mining risks: companies have mineral resources in South America, Central Asia, Europe, and uncertainty about overseas policy, business environment, etc., can lead to corporate business risks. Research director, 16 years of research experience in the industry (i.e., copper netting) and metal futures industry, first-hand experience of the two-wheel cycle of the industry, 2020 plus
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.