Steady growth in solid migration operations and accelerated industrial digitization 23 October 2022 \triangleright
This represents an increase of 5.2 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $24,587 million in non-repatriated mothers, representing an increase of 8.3 per cent in the same year, and an operating income of $1,17,624 million in the single three quarters, representing an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $6,252 million in the return of mothers, with a steady growth in solid migration operations, with a dual increase in the size of users.
\triangleright (1) Mobile communications services: the company achieved revenues of $148,367 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 5.6 per cent over the same period, mobile users of approximately 390 million households, a net increase of 17,46 million households, of which 5g sets of meals of approximately 251 million households, net
(2) Networking and intelligent family services: in the last three quarters, companies achieved $89,433 million in revenues, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the previous three quarters, and Ma Tinjian dollars, mainly from the rapid growth in the income of intelligent families.
The industry’s digitalization has accelerated, and the sky-wing cloud’s revenues have doubled.
In the first three quarters, the company’s industry’s digitized business generated $85,632 million, an increase of 16.5 per cent. The company’s growth has driven the digital economy and the physical economy to a higher level of growth, which has led to a more heterogeneous build-up of the cloud, which has continued to double its income in the previous three quarters.
Cost inputs are targeted, financial costs for sales management are reduced, and research and development inputs continue to grow. \triangleright actively promotes efficiency gains and enhanced cost control, with management costs of $25.417 billion in the previous three quarters,
The decline was 0.9 per cent; while the size of the company ' s debt service was effectively reduced after 21 years on the market, financial costs in the previous three quarters only led the industry at the rate of growth in mobile operations, and the sky cloud continued to multiply - 2022/08/19.
Research and development on core technologies such as cloudnet integration, 5g etc., which cost $5.915 billion in the last three quarters, compared to growth rates: continued double-digit growth in performance, industry digitization in the future
3. China Telecommunications (601728.sh) Annual Report 2021
4. China Telecommunications (601728): Profits-Growth-led industry, cloud 14 times the central valuation, with room for restoration, while the company first distributed its mid-term dividends in 22 years.
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. \Troughly reflect the research undertaken by researchers. \Turangleright
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.