March 19th, 2020 Pig price elasticity + high growth, as the head of the farm rises, new hope (000876.sz)
The depth report of the "Learning the Pig Cycle" series V. The pork gap is still huge, and the price of the pig is still 20h2. In September of 1919, the country was able to grow its pig stock at an historical low of 1.913 million, which corresponds to the lowest supply of pork in 10 months.
Sheba Yu produces 32.633 million tons, with a pork gap of approximately 22.1444 million tons (not taking into account imports, storage, etc.).
In November of this year, the prices of pigs will be turned around. Together with the discussion of the gaps and the points, we believe that 20h2 will come out of the high prices of pigs in the current cycle and start a slow downward cycle.
In 19 years, 90% of the production column came from the company + farmers 1, 2019.2.26 “Learning the pig cycle” series.
The company uses a fully closed farm, equipped with: “hard” indicators for raw pigs, air filtration systems, clean-up centres at a time dimension; and the use of high-temperature grains for feed, precision teeth extraction, etc.
2,2019.3.01 “Learning the Pig Cycle” series of in-depth reports, the company's efforts to prevent and control the plague in Africa were well under way.
Construction in progress and bio-assets are growing rapidly to ensure higher capacity.
3,2019.3.28 Qualitative + Growth Investing in Pig Farming, with 14.24 million new pig year entries, 90% of which are expected to be completed by September 20
4. 2019.5.17 In-depth report series entitled “Learning the Pig Cycle” 4: Short-term pressure on pig prices, firm upward trend 3. Production efficiency leads, piglets are better structured, and head profits are on average for 19 years.
With the rapid growth of the company’s own fertility capacity, it is expected that the share of out-of-country pigs will be less than 50% in 20 years. In 19 years, the company’s net profit on birth is about $433.82 and the full cost is about $18.33/kg, considering that the average cost of birthing pigs will be significantly higher in 20 years.
In 19 years, the company’s profits will be significantly higher if the pig structure is optimized to reduce costs. Financial advantage: sufficient reserves and financial security for the industry’s front line.
In addition, in December 19 the company issued a debt transfer to raise a total of $4 billion for farm construction. Drivers, key assumptions and major projections:
In early 2020, affected by a new coronary epidemic, the prices of pig-born pigs were now in a small shock. Based on the tognage and price trends, the price of pigs in our country is projected to be high in the current cycle of 2020h2 and to start a slow downward trend. Overall, the prices of pig-born pigs will remain high in 20-21 years, with an average of about $34/kg estimated for 20 years.
Based on the company's pig-breeding column, which is estimated to be about 8 million and 15 million, respectively, in 20-21 years, the estimated profit contribution is about the profit contribution of the integrated company's core business plate feed, poultry industry, food, etc., and taking into account the gains and losses of a few shareholders, we anticipate that the market is generally of the opinion that the cycle plate does not have any investment value at the time of the high price, and we believe that the cycle of pigs is different.
In previous cycles, under the influence of non-pest diseases and environmental stress, the current cycle of productive capacity had been vast, and the restructuring of the industry had led to a rapid growth of head-breeding enterprises. For successful farming enterprises that grew rapidly and had significant financial advantages, the weekly period was only the starting point, and growth was the future.
Power is central to the process of restructuring the industry, with the potential for rapid growth in pig production. Overcrowding the pig price for a longer period of time, the company’s performance will grow explosively and there will be a degree of sustainability.
In similar areas in the previous cycle, the stock of pure pig farming in 2016 had a high market value of 31,348 million yuan, corresponding to 16 years of performance, 13.5 times the pe and 13.25 times the pe for 17 years, and 11 times the average for 16 and 17 years of operation. The company ' s profits from the birth of pigs in 2020 were estimated at approximately $15.18 billion, taking into account a small number of cases.
In addition, we estimate the market value of the company ' s feed, poultry, food and other operations at about $18.5 billion, $8 billion, and high prices for pigs; high prices for pigs that persist; higher expectations for pig production; higher expectations for farm costs control; recurrent outbreaks of African swine fever in the industry; and difficulties in restoring industrial capacity.
The risks associated with the new coronary epidemic, the risks associated with the underprice of pigs, the risks of disease, the volatility of raw materials prices, the risks of policy, the risks of natural disasters, and so forth.
The company, formerly Sichuan New Hope Agricultural Co. Ltd., was listed on 11 March 1998 at its deep border, and in 2011, major asset restructuring was carried out. The company was transformed into Hope Six and Company Six, which became the most fully integrated and wide-ranging agricultural-pastoral company in the domestic industrial chain.
In the first three quarters of the 19th quarter, the company collected 56,917 million yuan, an increase of 12.01% over the same period, and annual growth;
As a result of the optimization of the business structure, the company ' s overall Māori rate and net interest rate have been raised year by year, with 18 years of net interest rates falling to a reserve for asset impairment. (i) The pork gap is seen in terms of the structure of the pig.
In September 1919, we managed to have an historical low of 1.913 million pigs, corresponding to 20h2 in 10 months.
At the lowest. Assuming a py of 19, with 115 kg/head weight, with a meat production rate of 78%, corresponding to 32.633 million tons of pork, tons of tons (not taking into account imports, storage, etc.) and based on data from early December 2019, the ratio of binary and triple pigs in the country was 55.76%, respectively.
44.24% of the back-up hogs, 9.85% and 90.15% respectively. Generally speaking, the reserve hogs have a three-month period of initial seeding, which means that after 2020q2 the ratio of triple pigs in the country's pig-rich structure will be significant.
We believe that the triplets can temporarily raise the number of fat pigs, but there are problems of inefficiency and low survival rates; as the ratio rises later, pork production may fall short of expectations.
We observe the relationship between the price of pigs and the price of the binary pigs in the last cycle, which shows that the trends are basically the same, and that they both reached their respective highs on 3 June 16 years. During the current cycle, both trends prior to 8 November 19 followed the same pattern, both of which are in the continuing upward trend. After that, the price of the binary hogs continued to rise, while the price of the pig was subject to more short-term factors (freezing meat, boars).
In March 6, 2020, the price of the binary pig was $72.42/kg, an increase of 10.58% from the beginning of the 20th century and an increase of 182.56% from the beginning of the 19th. q2 began to accelerate the increase in the price of the binary pig, mainly as a result of a sharp contraction in the supply end;
After November, the price that comes up for the hog’s supply and demand game; and after a certain period of time in the previous cycle, the binary pig started a fast-growing phase, mainly because of the rapid expansion of demand. Thus, we believe that the logic of the upturn in the price of the two hogs in the current cycle is fundamentally different from that of the previous cycle.
However, the cycle has lapsed since 19O2, for the reasons indicated above. At the beginning of the expansion, the previous cycle was demand-driven and the price of the binary hogs had also meant an increase in the supply of future pig production; and the current cycle was affected by a contraction in supply.
In both cases, we believe that 19q2 to November, driven mainly by a contraction in supply, and after November by a rise in the price of a pig for demand, meant a return to the pattern inherent in the price of a pig and the price of a pig after November.
This is about 20 weeks from now, the price of a pig is about to start a slow downward trend. The aggregate gap is expected and judged by the point where we believe that 20h2 will have high prices in the current cycle and will be supported by a slow down week of three, farming and financial advantage, and that the business of a pig will fly.
(i) Farming edge advantages: control, productivity and efficiency 1. Farming techniques and non-pest control lead the way. Pigs are guaranteed to come out, so that the model of pig farming and the surrogate model of the Company + Hope Farm highlight the cost, efficiency, and control advantages of the company.
In a region where conditions are in place, companies gather resources from the pig-producing industry chain to operate in closed circles, with many high-quality breeding grounds, commercial pig farms, with upstream feed plants, downstream slaughtering plants, and manure treatment stations. By integrating pig-producing industries and their upstream and downstream industries within a region, the efficiency of the use of industrial resources is maximized, while professionals gather in the region to the benefit of the region.
The company optimized the surrogate model of “Corporate + Hope” over the years, adhering to the principle of merit-based cooperation, constantly raising the level of farming on cooperative farms, providing pighouse design drawings to ensure the ability to protect against the disease, handing over piglets to the farm, replacing farmers in accordance with standard corporate farming processes, and eventually, based on a uniform recycling of commodity pigs that met the criteria, based on survival rates, meat ratios, etc.
The company’s surrogate model was very effective, with 90% of the fertility in 2019 coming from the “company + farm” model and ensuring that the company completes its early-year target. Technology, pig farming, science control, and African pigpest control have significant advantages.
The company ' s 2-percent pig-breeding system uses big data to create pig-bearing files, which can be managed with precision. The entire site is equipped with automatic feeding, drinking water, excreta systems, and smart environment control systems, which have succeeded in reducing manual labor.
By developing and standardizing farming processes, such as the same period of time, the pig-raising industry has been able to produce plant-based production, which has greatly improved the productivity of farming. The company’s total closed farming, equipped with air-filtration systems, and the establishment of disinfection centres have effectively isolated the non-pest.
Using techniques such as high-temperature grains for feed, precision teeth extraction, and three kilometres of clearing around the pig farm, and centralized distribution to farmers, the company managed to control the African pigpest. In 2019, the company produced a steady rise in pig production.
Figure 16: In 2019, the company produced a steady rise in the number of pigs per month,2 construction works and bio-assembly are growing rapidly, production capacity is increasing, construction works are growing and many pig farming projects are under way. 1903, the value of construction works in the company amounts to 4,135 million yuan.
Three meetings of the company’s board from December 2019 to the present date have resulted in the adoption of a bill to continue and increase investment in pig farming. A total of 26 pig farming projects have been set up, with a total of 142.45 million new pig-bearing year entries, with total investment to be completed, and the company’s own fertility is expected to be around 10 million by the end of 2020.
According to the company’s balance sheet, the company has been expanding its productive bio-assets rapidly since 2019, amounting to 986 million yuan, or +86.20%. According to the company’s announcement, by the end of November 2019, the company had 400,000 pig stocks (of which there are many mothers).
More than 200,000 pigs, ggp (grandfather)/gp (grandfather) more than 100,000, and accelerating the process of re-programming: it is expected that by the end of the first quarter of 2020, 600,000 pigs will have grown to 400,000, and that the pig industry will be able to produce 3.55 million pigs in the year, compared to 39.22 per cent in the year, according to the company ' s performance forecast for 2019.
Twenty-five million head to achieve a rapid expansion of pig production, stabilizing the top three in the industry. 3, Production efficiency leads, pig structure is optimized, profits are optimized, and advanced growth systems improve the productivity of companies. In the field of pig breeding, companies have built pic, Hippore and pig varieties.
Structures, introduction of high-quality hog varieties overseas, can greatly improve the production capacity of hogs, depending on the differences in the market in the country. The advanced breeding system is the company’s core competitiveness, with a national average of 20 perpy in 2018 and 26 perpy in 2018. According to the announcement of 19 January 2020, in 2019, the company continued to be dominated by one and two pig species, leaving a ratio of three.
Based on questions from investors, the total cost of the company ' s own self-sustaining pigs in 2019 was $13/kg (compared to $12.9/kg in the previous three quarters), and the total cost of out-sourcing pigs was $18/kg (the first three quarters).
In 2019, out of a total of 3.55 million registered, about 2 million were imported pigs, accounting for the total. According to the company announcement, the net profit from the company ' s pig-breeding business in 19 years was about 1.54 billion yuan, corresponding to 19 years of the company ' s pig-breeding average.
(ii) Fund-side advantages: sufficient reserves, guaranteed industry leadership, sufficient funds and a stronger financing capacity to support a firm ' s rapid expansion of its capacity. In the third quarter of 2019, the company ' s monetary capital was 56.74 billion yuan, cash flow from current operations was 2,164 million yuan, and the company ' s liquidity was adequate; according to 18-year reports, the company ' s credit awards were sufficient.
The company issued a debt transfer in December 2019, raising a total of $4 billion, and plans to build farms in Shandong, Hebei, Inner Mongolia, etc.
At the same time, the expansion of farming operations will also drive the profitability of the company's feed, slaughter, etc., and strengthen the company's whole chain of industry, four or four, up and down, and develop it in many ways.
An analysis of the company's pig farming plates above will include meat, feed, food (including pork slaughter) (i) a high temperature of meat and poultry, with a continuing replacement effect) The company adjusted the composition of its main business in 2018, integrating “powl breeding, commercial poultry farming, poultry slaughtering” into poultry.
Industry. 1) In the past two years, the company has been able to produce only 115 live births of chickens, while duck production has remained above 220 and is a leader in the country. 2) In the case of commodity poultry farming, the company has continued to push into the commissioning model through self-employed poultry platforms, and the company has established close cooperation with nearly 30,000 farmers to help rapidly expand the business of commercial poultry.
3) In the area of poultry slaughter, the company, thanks to about 700 million poultry slaughters per year (white feathers and white ducks), nearly 2 million tons of poultry meat is sold, with the country's leading white feather and poultry slaughter market, and the branded "six" and "six" are branded with stronger brand power. To discover more valuable space for poultry slaughter, the company has been promoting "freezing for life" since 2014.
The strategic shift towards maturity and trade transfer terminals facilitated the transformation of channels. 18,647 million yuan, or 27 per cent of the total, was collected by the poultry industry in 2018, with a Māori rate of 8.54 per cent, and 9,787 million yuan by the H1 poultry industry in 2019, or 27.73 per cent, and a Māori rate of 9.90 per cent.
While the industry’s supply-and-demand relationship has contributed to the maintenance of high meat prices, which has led to a significant increase in the profits of the poultry industry, it is expected that the net return to the mother’s profits will exceed $1 billion throughout the year. As a result of the continued low levels of ancestral chickens, tight supply of commodity chickens, and the rise in pig prices to stimulate substitution consumption, 2019
Since February 20 years, the meat demand-side restaurant industry has been severely affected by the new crown epidemic, partly by the ban on the sale of live poultry, the build-up of the avian influenza epidemic in provinces like Hunan, low consumption of chickens, the continuing downswing in prices, and the degeneration of the entire industry. The price of white feathered chicken in the smoke station was $2.4 per kilogram on February 20, with a ring ratio of 30.43 per cent.
The domestic epidemic has now improved, downstream farming, slaughterhouses have resumed work, demand has recovered, and the prices of chicken and chicken seedlings have rebounded. On March 18, the price of white feather chickens in the smoke station was $4.45 per pound and the price of chicken seedlings was $6.5 per plume, returning to pre-epidemiological levels.
After the short-term effects of the new crown epidemic are eliminated, the consumption of chickens will continue to increase. Companies will further optimize the existing poultry industry chain model, improve the efficiency of the industry chain, and improve the quality of the poultry production system.
Reduction of seedling costs, introduction of the “Corporate+farmer” surrogate model through the poultry boom platform, scaling up of cooperative farmers, upscaling of upstream demand for poultry and optimization of downstream slaughter distribution channels, future improvements in corporate poultry industry systems, ongoing profits in the industrial chain (ii) diversification of feed operations, and significant improvements in the Māori ratio
The feed business has always been the company's core business. The company has maintained its strategy of “making strong feed” and has maintained its first-size position in the domestic feed industry for a long time. In 2018, China produced 228 million tons of feed, of which 17.15 million tons, or 7.5 per cent, of the new hope feed production, the only company to publish feed production data for 18 years.
The company’s feed products consist mainly of poultry, pig, aquatic and other fodder. In the context of the maturing phase of the feed industry and limited market growth, the company upgrades the profitability of the plate by optimizing the product structure.
1) Poultry is the company’s main feed product, benefiting from the high temperature of poultry production, which in the first half of 19 was 6.2 million tons sold, an increase of 20.37%. We believe that poultry production will continue to increase, and sales of good poultry will increase. 2) Pigs are the main way to optimize the structure of the company’s products. In the face of the African pigpest, the company develops bio-environmental feed, while at the same time developing bio-environmental feed.
By providing farmers with value-added services such as African pigpest control, on-line “good credit” platforms with access to external financial institutions, slaughterhouses, etc., a large number of large-scale farmers have been successful. The company sold 196,000 tons of pig food in the first half of 19 years, a decline of only 2.09 per cent compared to the previous year, which is significantly better than the 14 per cent decline in the production of pig feed in the entire industry.
3) Aquaculture is a powerful supplement to the company’s profits in its feed business. In 19 years, the company upgraded the share of special aquaculture products, the 16 production lines on line reached maximum capacity release in September, and products such as shrimp and basking were favoured by its customers. 19h1 companies sold 440,000 tons of aquaculture, an increase of 15.84 per cent.
The feed industry is in the midst of excess capacity, industrial integration, and head-to-head development, and the company, as a feed leader, will benefit from the opportunities offered by the process of industrial integration. At the same time, the company will boost the feed plate by operating it in a lean manner.
The company announced that, as of November 19, the company’s feed sales had reached 18 years of annual sales, amounting to 17 million tons, 10 per cent of sales and 32 per cent of profits.
The company’s food business, which consists mainly of butchering, deep processing of meat products, etc., is the direction of its long-term transformation. As a result of the small number of individual batches, pig farming is less integrated into downstream slaughtering than poultry farming.
As a result of the African swine plague, companies sold 12.070 million tons of pork products in the first half of 19 years, a decline of 18.89%. Since the 18-year non-pest outbreak, the pig industry has changed considerably, one of which is logistics transport.
The policy is gradually shifting to regionalized control, regional balance of supply and demand, and companies are actively looking for opportunities for cooperation and mergers and acquisitions in the pig slaughtering industry in conjunction with the layout of their own farming operations. The company plans to increase its future slaughter capacity to one-third of the size of the farm.
By virtue of the advantages of the agro-pastoral chain, the company’s food business has achieved full food security from upstream feed farming to deep processing in downstream slaughter. The food business is now developing in the direction of upgrading channels and building explosives.
In the first half of the 19th year, the proportion of non-meritorial channels increased from 46% to 51% for company fresh pork, from 27% to 35% for pork products, and from the impact of the new crown epidemic in early 2020 for poultry meat products, with prices reaching $37.94/kg, which is currently in the grip of small shocks.
Overall, the price of a pig will remain high in 20-21, and we estimate the average price of a pig for 20 years to be approximately $34/kg. According to the company birthing pig, it is estimated to be about 8 million and 15 million, respectively, for 20-21 years.
In terms of the historical valuation of the business plate, it is observed that during the previous cycle similar areas, the stock value of pure pig farming in 2016 was 31,348 million yuan, corresponding to 16 years of performance.
It's 13.5 times, corresponding to 17 years of performance, 13.25 times the average; it's 16 and 17 years of performance, 11 times the size of the schnapps.The profit from the company's piglets in 2020 is estimated at about $15.18 billion, and we estimate that taking into account the gains and losses of a few shareholders.
The net profit to the mother is about 10.75 billion yuan, to be paid 11 times the market value of 1182 billion yuan. The risk of the new crown epidemic: the outbreak of a new crown epidemic in early 2020, which has caused disruptions in logistics transport, or has had an impact on the transportation of feed, the sale of piglets, the production of pigs, etc., thereby affecting the company’s levels of activity, performance, etc.
The risk of disease: if an enterprise is exposed to the African swine fever virus, which causes a loss of capacity, it will have a negative impact on output, which will lead to a decline in performance; and, if a person similar to H7n9 “avian flu” is infected with the disease, causing a fear of consumption, it will cause prices for pigs and poultry.
The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the price volatility of raw materials such as maize, wheat, beans, etc. will have an impact on the profitability of farming, fodder, etc.
Policy risks: good subsidy policies, intellectual property protection policies, changes in variety policies will have a greater impact on seed enterprises; vaccine bidding policies, changes in variety audit policies, etc. will have an impact on vaccine enterprises. Natural disaster risks: extreme disaster weather can have a significant negative impact on agricultural production, particularly in the plantation sector, from
This has led to large fluctuations in agricultural prices.