The company announcement for 2018 is strongly recommended (maintained) and the net profit expected to accrue to the shareholders of the listed company is approximately
To be submitted to the company’s board of directors, the Supervisory Board for consideration: expected non-recurring business performance attributable to the shareholders of the listed company is significantly higher than expected, and the policy dividend continues to drive demand. We had previously expected the company to return net profit of $595 million in 2018, which is lower than this performance forecast.
The company’s overall performance has grown at a much faster rate than the market would have expected, and the firm’s business growth is driven by the demand from downstream clients, as a result of the continuing policy dividends of new regulations, L.A., and the Science and Technology Board. We believe that the year 2019 will be the year of new regulations and regulations.
The company ' s performance will also benefit from this sustained and rapid period of concentration of incremental business needs, such as Lumpton, Creatures, which is expected to continue to optimize at the cost end and further increase in international business capacity.The company ' s sales and management costs (including R & D costs) in the first three quarters of the year have increased by some amount over the same period of the previous year.
9.7 per cent and 8.6 per cent, a significant decrease from the 20 per cent plus rate of the same period the previous year, reflects the optimization of the company’s cost end. We believe that in 2019 the company’s cost end will continue to be optimized and the company’s high elasticity of profit will continue.
A Memorandum of Cooperation was signed in New York, which will then introduce the advanced technology and experience of ipreo in electronic bookkeeping and, through autonomous research and development, will help Chinese investment banks and institutional investors to set up a distribution network suitable for the Chinese bond market, as well as investment in offshore investment banks and overseas institutions.
By providing technical support to foreign capital for direct investment in China’s market, China’s bond market is open. This combination helps companies to expand their primary markets further, while improving their international business capabilities.
Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation: Rapid growth in innovative business, continuous optimization of cost rates, cloud computing, medical information etc. have accumulated a wealth of research experience.
Distinguished coupons and private fund-raising internship, 4 years ' experience in consulting tmt, mainly in the areas of computers and the Internet.