High-performance growth, policy-driven new round of growth Permanent electronics (60570) Annual performance forecast 2018 Permanent electronic disclosure forecast 2018, expected to be net throughout 2018
\triangleright, according to performance forecasts, the net profit growth of the company's home is mainly due to growth in the main business.
On January 23, the Central Commission for the Further Development (CRC) launched an overall roll-out of the roll-out and pilot registration system. The creation of the roll-out board will facilitate the development of a core IT trading system, financial institutions.
The unit needs to upgrade and adapt its modules in comparison with the 300-degree trend. At the same time, foreign capital liberalization, cdr, Quinters, new regulations, etc., are related to the location of policy details and the reopening of private fund-raising, with companies taking advantage of high-market occupancy and high-motivability.
The online strategy is moving forward, with many of the results visible, companies investing in the cloud and the ai fields, and many of the results visible. Barriers to the financial science and technology industry itself.
It's relatively high, the moat is relatively wide, and the company, as a financial-it-led company, has been in the middle of a 13-year high cloud plan, turning to saas, where the company's operations have continued to grow at a very high rate, with a remarkable impact. Meanwhile, the company launched four artificial intelligence products at its fourth launch, which now accumulated 16 products, and the company is active.
To improve the distribution of products in the area of finance, to build up experience in the production of financial goods, to work with corporate online intelligence strategies, to work with global business information services to build a network for issuing Chinese bonds underwriting and distribution, and to sign a memorandum of cooperation with ipreo on 25 January, to establish joint ventures, joint ventures, and joint ventures.
The Division will provide solutions for the electronic bookkeeping of mainland China’s debt distribution market. This cooperation will help companies to open up a level-I market, using the advanced technology and experience of lpreo in electronic bookkeeping, and through autonomous research and development, to set up a distribution network linking domestic and foreign investment banks and institutional investors.
Information-based solutions for participating parties are now available at the first level of the market.
Hensen Electronic Ali is a major asset in key layouts, taking into account the gradual emergence of companies as leading financial-it firms, as well as future innovations, new regulations, etc.
The Division, as an industry leader, is relatively certain about future growth gains, such as policies, which for the first time cover policies such as “recommended” panels that fall short of expectations and domestic demand. The author has a qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure that the reports are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,