On the afternoon of 22 February, the Central Political Office of the Central Communist Party of China held its thirteenth collective study on improving financial services and preventing financial risks. The Secretary-General stressed that the structural reforms on the side of the financial supply should be deepened, with a balanced growth and risk-proof approach.
On 22 February, the CSRC consulted the community on the draft “Mom Product Guidelines for Managers of Securities Fund Operating Agencies.” The parent manager will manage some or all of the assets of the asset management products.
On 20-21 February, the Chairman of the CVM, who had been entrusted with the management of several sub-managers, opened separate sub-assets futures accounts for each sub-assembly module.
On 31 January, the CSRC issued a provisional regulation on the management of external access to the securities firm ' s trading information system to the CSI Unit for public comment in comparison to the 300-year-old trend, the deadline for which was 2 March.
Financial regulatory reform continues to drive and accelerate the development of financial infrastructure The statement referred to “the need to prevent financial risks, particularly systemic financial risks, to deepen access systems, trade regulation, etc., and to enhance regulatory coordination.” We believe that preventing systemic financial risks is the way to prevent them from occurring.
Financial regulatory reform will continue to drive changes in systems related to transactions, leading to the upgrading and upgrading of the financialit system. The speech also mentioned “the need to accelerate the development of financial market infrastructure and steadily promote the nationalization of key information infrastructure in the financial sector.”
The building of the infrastructure in the field is a boost to the future of the entire financial block, and the company has benefited significantly as a leading military company for the financial sector. The pace of innovation is constantly rising, and changes in trading rules have expanded the scope of operations.
It was first introduced on November 5, 2018, and on January 30, 19, the CSRC and Shanghai Securities Exchanges issued initial policy rules for the CSI. According to the current rules, the system has changed considerably compared to traditional trading rules, and we believe that it will raise issues in the area of stability and wind control.
More demands will greatly expand the operating space of the financial int system. Triangular access to public consultation is approaching, technology is well prepared to be ready for deployment, and dividends will drive a new round of growth.
Triangular access closes, and the company that leads it as a financial entity is ready for triangulation.
Good growth, with a strong view of long-term development trends Division provides an overall solution, the first part being access, wind control, trade, and meeting the minimum infrastructure for external access Building: the second part is the integration of in-house institutional services resources through the integration of the permanent pb, pbox system
We maintain a “recommended” rating for the military enterprise policy, which benefits significantly from the valuation premium. The policy falls short of expectations, and business expansion falls short of expectations.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.