Reasons for reporting: Periodic reporting Release of performance elasticity of investment, with Roe being the leader of the big bonds company issuing its annual report for 2019.
65.24 per cent; net return to the mother is $7,282 million, an increase of 64,57 per cent. A weighted average of roe 9.51 per cent, with companies achieving the second highest growth in their record performance, returns on investment contribute the most. Companies realize returns on their investments (investment \triangleright).
Financial gains + net gains on fair value changes of $7.042 billion are the highest ever, with 132% growth compared to the previous year and a 38% revenue ratio. Companies have established financial market headquarters, integrated asset allocation across broad categories, and have experienced significant annual growth in both directional and fixed-income investment income.
ipo drives the growth of its operations and the bond business is relatively stable. ipo undertakes the highest/lowest amount in 14196 million years: the company ipo is ranked fourth in the industry, with 23 projects (excluding ipo), which are audited by the company;
The number of projects under review reached six, ranking 4th in the industry. Bond owners are on the same scale as each other. Market value (billions): 11.47% less, abbs is second in the industry, and credit abs are on the same scale for five years.
Institutional advantages continue. Corporate hosting of outsourced products has increased by more than 10% in volume and size, and has been a major leader in servicing large private fund-raisers and private investors. The number of public and private fund-raising hosting products has been ranked first in the voucher industry for six years in a row; and wfoe hosting of outsourced services.
The company's new five-year change strategy has been steadily moving forward, and the transformation of wealth management and self-investment has accelerated, “Investment \triangleright”
In the depth of its operations, the company is now actively promoting the 15 billion dollar equity financing scheme to expand capital, while the employee holding scheme has completed stock transfer. With strong shareholder power, see ITC, Section A, 69 West Street, Taiwon Capital City, 28th floor.
There is a risk that the impact of the epidemic will be greater than expected: the second-tier market will fall significantly: capital market reforms will fall short of expectations.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.