A conference of core distribution clients was held in 2025 to convey confidence in development.
Food drinks, white wine, investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance)
On 8 September 2025, a conference of core sales clients from the Cedars of Chenzhou in 2025 was held in Tianjin, under the theme “All-round transformation: client win-win, steadfastly promoting digital marketing”, which analysed and developed current opportunities and challenges, future consumption trends, etc., in the white industry.
The future, with clear strategic directions, conveys the confidence that the joint distributor strategy will win. The country’s belief in food and drink: corporate governance is prominent, the intellectual transformation of marketing numbers has been shown to be successful so far, the current price of the cellar is stable, the profits of the distributors are improved through the optimization of the pipelines, and the high cellars are stronger in thousands.
Key marketing windows, which we expect the cellars to be able to use properly, based on stable prices, through improved tillage through channels, increased consumer spending, etc., and a strong regional market share, while the improvement of popular price-priced products reduces the pressure on the cellars. In the medium and long term, companies have large one-size-fits-all layouts at all prices, with a strong product of the 38-degree cellar 1573, which has formed a better growth base and is expected to benefit from the “light business” trend.
In keeping with previous revenue and profit projections, the digital transition between 2025 and 2027 is expected to be beginning to show, and the downward cycle of demand is becoming more resilient. In 2022, the company embarked on a number of intellectual transformations, improving and optimizing its management mechanisms: in 2024, the company became digitally strong, and the channel strategy went from the left side.
“Sale system-channel pressurization” to the right, “Customs clean-up bottle pull”, focusing on inventory degradation, stabilization of value chains, consumption needs to be further weakened in 2025, companies are flexible in adjusting test indicators, forming a consortium of distributors, diversifying incentives for the development of new business customers, developing new consumer behaviour, and ensuring reasonable profit levels of channels and dealer confidence. As a result, digitalization has a managerial advantage over channels in the second quarter.
The company’s products are well-placed, with more tools for growth, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the high price performance of the country during the season.
Based on the price of alcohol today, the top 1573 batches are now at $835, and the price is more stable in the mainstream product of the 1,000-bit price range. Markets are worried about the impact of the eighth-generation liquid price on the size of the cellar, which we believe to have each of the advantages of this year's mid-autumn season, the performance of which is either a key point: on the one hand, the strong branding of the five grains, the expected rapid de-escalation of social stocks following the drop in the price of the batch, and the landscape price of the Wangjian gift.
On the one hand, the low- and high-level cellars have formed two major base markets, southwest and north-west of China, and are expected to increase the end’s motivation, supported by digital management and profit, through improved tillage channels, extended terminals, and increased consumer-end charges. At the same time, companies are insisting on maintaining price stability in the cellars: the digital system’s precision in controlling single points’ prices, bottle openings, and inventory carrying capacity can be achieved in a rainy season.
Quantified share; balanced distribution of the company’s popular price items, 60 editions of the hip special, old characters and headlines, and new twos are expected to contribute to income growth at the banquet, self-drinking scenes, and to ease pressure on the cellars. Figure 2: The company re-rolls the binoculars and collaborates with the talk star Seo Ji-sung.
This year, mainstream alcohol companies have been actively developing medium- and long-term areas in the 20+ White Wine track. We believe that 20-30 degrees have not yet formed a major consumption range for white wine, and that short-term space is subject to market and consumer testing.
Out, the development of brand power and the recognition of product power to date is expected to yield about $10 billion in 2024, while creating a better basis for development of the mainstream consumption zone and the cost-adding landscape: 1) the company has been developing downscaling processes since the 1980s to better address the problem of loss of precipitation and taste; 2) 2004 has been the focus of the Hebei Tangshan, conservation, etc., with a share advantage in the Hebei 600 + price band, which we expect to have in 2024.
In Hebei, there are about 16 per cent of the old cellars; there is also a better 38-degree basement consumption climate in Kaxim, Lake State; (3) there is a medium- and long-term recovery of the white wine consumption scene and demand, with business and popular scenes expected to dominate, rational drinking claims are expected to be moderate or more compatible with the demand for “light business” alcohol, and 38-degrees are supported by quality markers and corporate management advantages, with larger national growth space.
Investment proposals: maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating, firm corporate strategy, strong organizational endowments and managerial competencies, improved short-term high-shelter prices, continued high-digitization leading to improved industry relations, medium- and long-term product structural upgrading and elasticity. Maintenance of previous revenue and profitability projections, expected company camp 2025-2027
Macroeconomic and demand recovery is less than expected: industrial policies such as consumer taxes: food safety issues, etc. The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions; and the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.