In 2025, it was reported that strong foundations were in place, with a strong push to attack the cellars at 25o2 and a steady performance of middle-rate alcohol revenues. In 2025, the company built steady growth around the development theme of “strength, cultivation, and growth; and, as a matter of course, innovation for development” and went deep into the implementation of the 100-city plan.
The sub-products show a drop in 125h1, and the main consumer scene has been hit by a major shock since May. The whole of the dichotomy has remained single-digited, with an increase in the number of specials 60, the old word and the same number, and a decline in the size of the cellar.
Saturation. 225h1 Other liquor revenues were equal - 17.0%, volume/price was equal - 6.9% and -0.8% respectively, with the first glitter bottle being almost equal, the second is still undergoing product renewal adjustments and other product sales are still under pressure. 25q2 company received the same revenue - 8.0%, and its Chinese cellars received a single-season reduction and boost sales feedback was basically one.
To; medium-sale wines are increasing by the same amount, mainly at a faster rate of return. 25q2 gross sales are slightly higher by the same amount, and the tax ratio is too high to make a profit. 1) At the end of 25h1 the company's combined 1.7 pct, with the base falling, the difference between the gross sales of q2 is more stable; but consumption taxes, etc., are concentrated on q2 payments
High- and middle-level alcohol and other alcohol-rich rates fell by 1.2, 10.5 pct respectively, and the high- and medium-level alcohol-rich rates were largely influenced by discounts and product structure, while the conversion of other alcohol-based smart packaging centres led to an increase in ton costs. The sales and management (including R & D) costs of 225h1 fell by 6.9 per cent and 11.7 per cent, respectively.
The rates are equal to -0.4 pct, -0.3 pct. In the context of digitalization, the company’s sales-cum-cost control is applied.
The firm responded positively to market restructuring by implementing a series of market combination fists: 1
Increased market depth and opportunities for increased consumer demand in the district and in some villages and towns, 2025 E. J. The Cedars (000568), 2024 newspaper and Xu's Spring Farm Programme focused on expanding the core terminals, with plans to expand the number of terminals from 500,000 to 500,000 over the next five years
2025 A quarterly review: Business is sound, with 4 million people in red. 2 Promotes product innovation, adapting to low-level, healthy, oralized, diversified needs, developing stocks of 28, 16 and 6 degrees, and low-level products will provide a richer taste.
Real Core Basics. The resources have been tilted towards high-end products such as the 60th edition of the specials, the specials, the headlines, etc., and a new light bottle has been launched. 4 Promotes channel transformation, full digital marketing, optimizes cost investment and stockboard management, and integrates all the channels on-line and below-line, with the old cellars in Cebu County continued to push in 2025.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies pre-empt the industry cycle, have responded to digital marketing, terminal sinking, stock and price board controls remain robust, and the current cycle is significantly stronger than the current one.
From 2013 to 14, taking into account the 25h1 presentation and taking into account the short-term pressure on high-end alcohol demand, we adjusted figure 2:25q2 to split the contribution of the old cellar to the mother ' s net profit and the increase to the mother ' s net profit. Figure 1:25h1 to the mother ' s profit.
The three major financial forecasting tables of the Panzhou Sanctuary have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.