Incidents: Ceremonials' Bulletin 2025. In the first half of 2025, $16.45 billion was realized, and the product structure of the Old Lodge (000568.sz) moved downwards: Sub-products, 15 billion yuan was earned in the first half of 2025 from high-quality alcohol in the company.
The structure has declined, with middle-grade alcohol revenues growing faster than high-quality wine, high-quality wine cellar 1573 mid-low, Liu Lei-jin drinking faster than high alcohol.
The 1573 batch fell better than the same price competition, and, thanks to top-down improvements in the control plate model by high-level country guests and strong price control, we estimate that the stock of the top 1573 channel is at a manageable level. In the first half of the year, companies increased their input, such as a sweep of red bags, which led to a drop in the price of tons sold.
He earns $1.35 billion, compared to 17%, of which the first half of the year is stable, and the second half is falling. The overall consumption of high-quality alcohol in the first half of the year is more evident than the general drinking, and the company should respond objectively to changes in the market shape and not put too much pressure on high-quality alcohol. We expect that the ban policy will affect the second half of the year.
In the second half of the year, in terms of product innovation, companies will import 1573 products from 28-degree cellars to capture the industry’s low-level opportunities by branding high-quality wine owners.
At the regional level, in the first half of 2025, the company Sichuan, Huabei, and the Chinese east base markets developed steadily, with the Chinese doing better than the larger base markets in Sichuan and Huabei. In the second half of the year, the company will continue to maintain the base market, search for opportunities, and further systematically push down jobs at the county level and below.
There will be a further increase in the number of terminals. The annual sales cost rate is equal to -0.4 pct, and the company’s combined input for sales promotions is increasing, but it shrinks on items that are less visible for short-term sales, such as advertising and publicity.
I have committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the same in the past.
This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.