On 29 August 2025, the Cedars issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn — short-term performance pressure, multi-initiative development
1 pct to 10.58 per cent, mainly due to a significant drop in advertising fees; administrative costs; entry into a period of deep adjustment of consumption structure transformation and fragmentation, stock competition, firm emphasis; and initiatives to open up new development opportunities around product-based innovation, channel change, marketing transformation.
▪ A drop in sales volume, a new growth pole for product expansion, a product by product, a high-end alcohol/other alcohol income in company 2025h1 and a reduction in mainstream products, a positive high-growth light bottle track, to be launched
The state cellars have been developed and developed in the 28-degree cellars 1573 to consolidate the popular market system 1 and the Penang cellars (000568), which actively expand new growth points while maintaining a steady track record.
On-line sales are up and running, channels are up and running.
Depending on the channel, the revenue from the bottom/line channel of company 2025h1 is the same as -1791. The company continues to promote the transition of the channel through self-help, deepening cooperation with mainstream power suppliers and instant retail platforms to enhance end-to-consumer and consumer-to-end revenue.
As the markets sink and the channels sink, corporate business is expected to develop robustly. The company adheres to the strategy of “double brands, trilogy, big monoliths,” and is willing to adapt to consumption.
Demand shifts and channel changes, opening up low-level liquors, accelerating downflows, and promising future business. According to the semi-annual report 2025, we adjust macroeconomic downside risks, industry competition increases risks, food safety risks, and new ones.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term opportunities, are good at taking advantage of short- and medium-term potentials; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep marketed ideas and insights into the wines, always in the form of spices, fast-freezes, and leisure foods.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.