Three-quarter review of 2025: Māori performance, high-end smart branding, continuing breakthroughs.
Higher cost of marketing for new vehicles; better performance of Māori rate. 1) Recovery level: q3 one-quarter total of 124,000 + 12.2%/+16.0% for the same ring ratio. In the sub-type, M7 was officially marketed at the end of September and is expected to bring a higher increase in q4.
(a) 389,000 yuan (the denominator is aaito sales volume), with the same ring ratio +3.2/-4.1 per cent, respectively) Māori production capacity is excellent and Māori performance is better. 3) Cost ratio: the company ' s q3 sales research fee is split into two heavy-pound cars (m8ev/2025 m7), with more marketing activities;
The construction of self-build channels has accelerated; companies have continued to invest in user services, etc.; 4) investment returns: investment returns of 140 million yuan for 25q3 are expected to start contributing profit gains. 5) Net profits: consolidated returns of 17,000 yuan per bicycle, with the same ring ratio - 7.6 per cent/+0.9 per cent, respectively.
It's 31/22/17x. Ask the world about the high-end anchoring of the brand and its ability to keep up. And Cyrus: Performance meets expectations, high-end smart brands, subsidiary Chong Qing Phoenix Technology and Volcano Engine signed In October.
The Framework Agreement, which combines the project “Synthetic robotic decision-making, control and human machine enhancement” to provide smart algorithms and arithmetic support through the technological advantages of volcanic engines in areas such as language, vision, multimodelry and artificial intelligence, common models, etc.
Cyrus: One quarter of 2025, industrial advantage drives industrial applications of artificial intelligence, and innovation continues to expand. We maintain a corporate "buy-in" rating.
Review: Performance meets expectations, m8 is high, Cyrus is three major financial forecasting tables, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.