Intelligent layout, new cars continue to grow, port shares ipo accelerate, and Cyrus Phoenix under the flag of 601127.sh sign a smart collaboration agreement with the volcano engine, deep into the second growth curve.
The company issued an announcement stating that Cylis Phoenix and the volcano engine signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation in Smart Business. The two sides will work together on the project “Smart Robotic Decision-Making, Control and Human Power Enhancement” to build a “Technology Development - Scene Validation” closed-ring mechanism.
This agreement will have no significant impact on the company’s financial position and business performance in 2025.
In view of the continuous use of new company vehicles, the dynamic and intelligent areas of the layout, and the acceleration of globalization, we have maintained the full upgrade of the M7 public transfers, fixed 60,000 in seven days, and delivered 100,000 in more than five months on the market m8 companies are experiencing a powerful new cycle of cars: (1) m7: New M7 is closer to the m8/m9 family than the old ones
The design style, the axle range, the size of the cabin, the intelligent driving, the chassis, has increased significantly, with a monthly capacity of up to 30,000 or even higher in the competition; (2) m8: delivery of 100,000 in more than five months on the market and upgrading of ads4 and so on; (3) m9: achievement of a steady sales champion of over half a million in 18 months.
With a cumulative delivery of over 240,000, competitiveness will remain strong; (4) m6: 2026 is expected to be launched, with lower positioning, and a build-up of China's ability to provide the latest smart technology, product definitions, channels, etc., with the potential to explode.
On 25 September, the company announced that it had received a notice from the Chinese CSRC on the listing of a company with limited shares in the Cyrus Group outside the country. As the company issued a copy of its shares to the CSRC, it also had to obtain a Hong Kong license from the relevant regulatory bodies, such as the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Supervisory Board and the Hong Kong United Exchange.
The Hong Kong stock market is expected to raise the volume price for further globalization strategies - company information updates.
The company plans to spend 70% of its net ipo fund-raising on R & D inputs, 2025.7.11% on diversified new marketing channels, overseas sales, and charging network services to raise global visibility.
In view of the small size of the company’s current overseas operations, it is expected that future offshore operations will become important growth points for the company’s performance. And so on, contributing to new growth points – the company’s first coverage.