"Internationalization + smartness" opened up the space for forward growth: The third quarter of 2025 was released by Forks.
Three-quarter growth in revenue and a slight increase in profits at the end of the year. In revenue collection, total operating income in the third quarter amounted to $115.3 billion by 2025, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same period.
In the third quarter of the year, the growth rate of income increased considerably. In the third quarter of 2025, the net return was 5.31 billion yuan, representing a significant increase of 31.6 per cent over the previous quarter. The net return was 2.37 billion yuan for the third quarter and 4.77 billion yuan for the first quarter, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the previous quarter.
The net profit was $2.29 billion, a 1.4 per cent decline in the same year, a 10.2 per cent increase in the ring, a steady increase in the profit-making of the main business, a steady rise in the Māori rate, and a steady increase in the Māori rate.
In terms of profitability, the company’s profitability continues to rise with the rise in the ratio of high-volume cars and the release of scale effects. Three quarters of the Māori rate has been achieved.
Key data, November 3, 2025, led by a new vehicle-type extension and channel system layout, the cost of sales remains high, and the company's push for the “internationalization + intelligence” strategy is expected to open up medium- and long-term growth space in the third quarter of 2025.
On October 27th, the company launched the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which is expected to have international influence on 5th November at the Hong Kong Trade Office, and to lay the groundwork for future overseas market expansion. In the area of innovation, the company has continued to deepen its overall cooperation with China in the area of intelligence, covering all aspects of its operations.
Smart driving, smart cockpit, smart power systems, etc., and at the same time deployment of smart, robotics, etc., to actively explore the integration of smart manufacturing and smart terminals into ecology, or to provide new imagination space for companies to grow in the medium and long term.
“positive” investors are only suited to use research that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.