The performance of SBN (a) (601998.ss) is in line with expectations: net interest differentials are stable, fee revenues are strong, non-performing loans are on the rise
The forecast is 4% higher and 1% lower than that of the Bloomberg market. Business profits increased 12.5% on a year-on-year basis in 2016, but the impact of this positive factor was offset by high spending on the provision (31% on a year-on-year basis.
CSB (a) (601998.ss) grew by 19 per cent, mainly as a result of a strong 44 per cent increase in bank card charges revenue over the year (in total fees)
43% of the total contribution). (3) Driven by tax cuts due to the increase in the turnover, the cost-earning ratio in 2016 has been declining steadily, with credit costs rising by 23 basis points to 1.82% over the same period. At the same time, the four-quarter provision for non-performing loans has been stable, with a 1 percentage point increase in the quarterly round. Management has indicated that the criteria for disposal of non-performing loans have been tightened and non-performing loans have been cleared.
This is due to a reduction in investment in securities management products, which means greater balance-sheet transparency. We estimate that the credit ratio of credit banks after adjustment is 108 per cent, up from 79 per cent of the published credit ratio. (6) The credit banks issue 35 billion yuan in priority shares to boost their capital adequacy at the first level by 48 basis points to 9.65 per cent.
Sino-Bank performance overview for the fourth quarter of 2016 The ph.d (research assistant) industry has business relationships and continues to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should
Considering that there may be a conflict of interest in our company that may affect the objectivity of this report, the information should not be considered, see the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative.
Sino-Bank (a): Summary of financial data contributed to this report
Tang Wai City, cfa Central Bank (a) (601998.ss)
Sino-Bank (a) (601998.ss) We, Yang Seok, ph.d., Tang Wai City, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, any part of our salaries has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Chinese finance: Agricultural Bank (a), Agricultural Bank (h), Bank of China (a), Bank of China (h), Bank of China (h), Bank of Transport (h), Bank of Nanjing, Bank Ningbo, Bank of China (a), Bank of Sino-China (h), Construction Bank (a), Construction Bank (h), Recruitment Bank (a), Recruitment Bank (h), Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank, Bank of Huaxia, Bank of Commerce and Industry (a), Business Bank (h), Bank of Heng Bing, Bank of Peace, Bank of the Post Office, Bank of Pupha.
Goldman Sachs has received payments for investment banking services from the following companies over the past 12 months: Sino-Bank (a) (rmb6.66), Sino-Bank (h) (hk$5.25) Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek payments for investment banking services from Sino-Bank (a) (rmb6.66), HK Bank (hk$525) over the next three months.
Goldman Sachs has an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Sino-Bank (a) (rmb6.66), Sino-Bank (h) (hk$5.25) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions to manage investment lists in the region; however, the distribution of ratings for purchases and sales in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The size or likelihood of realizing returns is based primarily on the investment proposal, which is indicated in each study that has been added to the list of investments or reiterated in the list of investments, which is below the historical basis of the scope of the study and/or valuation.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions for the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, previously made, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is irrelevant and therefore is not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.