The core capital of Ningpo Bank will be further strengthened to guarantee its medium- and long-term profitability when the targeted increase is completed.
We believe that this is an important factor in the company's valuation of premium premiums against the central level of the industry, but since the company's outward-looking economy is dominated by Ningbo, the follow-up needs to be focused on the US-China trade war.
▪ Quantified fund-raising, with attention to the impact of the landing process on the quality of regional assets. Maintain the rating of the increase. 10 billion dollars has been adjusted to no more than 8 billion dollars, owing in part to the fact that the company has completed the issuance and capital of the fungible debt.
Complementary pressure has slowed down; on the other hand, in the current market environment, a small reduction in the size of the increase can help raise the probability of success. This adjustment is expected to target 10 specific investors, including the second largest shareholder and the third largest shareholder.
Quarterly equity gains of about $11 million through debt-transferable equity transfers. We measure the end of this increase that the third largest shareholder in the Division (Yagore) and the second largest shareholder (Hong Kong Bank of China) will in total subscribe to an increase in equity shares for a year, which demonstrates a favourable outlook for the company’s future space for long-term development and helps to enhance market confidence.
We believe that this qoq is faster than the equity ring (0.91%, qoq) and that the risk weight of credit assets is higher, and that credit is invested with higher capital requirements than other assets.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.
The downside of the economy led to an over-expected deterioration in the quality of assets and further escalation of trade friction between China and the United States.
Matters: On 7 December, Ningpo Bank adjusted the proposed increase by 416 million shares, not more than 8 billion yuan in size, to supplement the company’s core-level capital, after deducting the related distribution costs.
The proposed increase in the scale of the adjustment and the original plan (2017/4/27) is mainly based on the scale of the increase and the difference in the target of the increase: (1) the scale of the increase was adjusted from no more than 10 billion to no more than 8 billion. We believe that the adjustment in the size of the increase is due, on the one hand, to the fact that the company has completed the issuance of the fungible debt and the pressure on capital replenishment has been relaxed, and if the remaining portion (approximately 7.5 billion) is fully transferred, the company ' s core level/level 1 is taken into account.
In the market environment, a small drop in the size of the increase will help to increase the probability of success. (2) The adjustment will result in an increase of 10 specific investors, including the second-largest shareholder (Canadian Bank) and the third-largest shareholder (Yagore).
The increase is about 20.0%, which is similar to the pre-conversion ratio (20%). In addition, the third largest shareholder of the company (Jago) and the extension of the sales limit period (from the previous three to five years) illustrate a favourable view of the company’s future long-term development space, contributing to an increase in the value of the purchase margin, and capital supplementation guaranteeing profitability stability.
According to the bulletin, the current price increase is 90% of the average daily price of the 20 transactions before the issuance and the higher value of the last audited bvps. The likelihood of a discount is greater.
qoq), while the risk weight of credit assets is higher, the investment of credit is more capital-intensive than that of other assets. We believe that a firm’s firm’s assets will be increased when completed, which will help to increase the freedom of the company’s assets and guarantee the stability of its medium- and long-term profitability.
The speed and the roe levels are at the forefront of the industry, and asset quality performance is at the top of the industry, and we believe that this is an important factor in the premium that exists at the company’s valuation level over the industry’s hub level, but since the company’s outward-oriented economy is dominated by Ningbo, there is a subsequent need to focus attention on US-China tradable 1 and the downside of the economy leading to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are highly relevant to economic development. Macroeconomic developments affect the performance of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the assets of the banking sector will deteriorate, and hence the profitability of the banking sector.
Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations, a slowdown in industry-wide growth and a acceleration of the “leveraging” process. At the same time, the merger of the Bank and the Board will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, improve regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to accelerate their arrival.
The swing in the course of the US-China trade war has further increased investors’ concerns about the prospects for the domestic economy. The profit-and-loss statement (RMB 1 billion)