The performance rate was out of 20%, the profit edge continued to expand, the profitability of the three-quarters business was generally good, and profitability continued to rise. Highroe grew.
The q3 quarter also saw a 30% increase in the rate of the appop, and the level of the research assistant Jiang Jiang Song Soon-won. The collection end: net interest income continues to improve, and the q3 fee and commission net income increase is due to the fact that the q3 rate of income increases.
In the first three quarters, the growth rate was 14.12 per cent in the year-on-year and q3 was 22.6 per cent in the same quarter, up 4.6 pc compared to q2. In terms of net interest income, in a situation of relative stability in the size of assets, the recovery in interest differentials led to a 30 per cent increase in net interest q3 and a 7 pc increase in the growth ring.
On the median side, the net revenue from q3 fees and commissions increased by 3% on a year-on-year basis, with a negative shift in the single quarter since 17q3 and is expected to be associated with an increase in financial markets and foreign exchange surrogate operations. The return on investment of $1 billion in the third quarter was relatively robust compared to q2.
At the asset end, Ningpo Bank focuses on micro-business, with a certain advantage in pricing; at the structural level, when the credit line is liberalized, the loan is invested more vigorously, and at the end, the interest rate of the partner is lower, which is more cost-effective.
Asset and liability structure: steady growth in loan deposits and continued contraction of peers. Asset end: Loans: Of the 24.2 billion new loans disbursed in the quarter, individuals increased by 3.5 billion, 6.7 billion and 13.9 billion, respectively, and the increase in billing was consistent with industry trends.
The data show that q3 issued an increase in the number of loans for consumer loans abs, and that the loans were shown or would have an impact on the end-of-year balance of the statements. Partner assets were compressed by almost 6 billion, down to only 2.84 per cent. The ratio of total liabilities was almost evener at the end of June.
Twenty-four per cent, well below the 33 per cent regulatory requirement. Positively, the indicators are still the best for listed banks. 0.8 per cent poor at the end of September, which is the same as at the end of June.
However, the credit structure of Ningbo Bank is fragmented, the size of single loans is low, and the wind is very tight, and wind control models and corporate governance have been validated over time, and we still value the quality of its assets. The negative production rate after write-offs and transfers in the first three quarters is 0.31%, which is almost the same as the reported data.
1. Bank Ningbo (002142): Roe has improved considerably over the same period last year.
Over 500% coverage. The Ningpo Bank loan provision was increased by 1,114 million in the third quarter, which is still the highest on the market. The lending ratio rose slightly to 4.02%, which is still high.
Upgraded to over 500 per cent, with future profits released over time. Profit forecasting and investment rating: Ningpo Bank is robust, flexible and profitable.
Co-operative, with a net profit increase of more than 20%. Roe levels continue to rise, and are expected to continue to grow at a low rate of interest, while the main business is growing robustly.
The indicator is relatively stable and is the best for listed banks. The poor rate of production continues to fall, and the provision of water coverage is close to 500%. The net return profit from Ningbo Bank is expected to be in 18/19/20.
Figure 2: Share of interest income and non-interest income of Ningpo Bank
Figure 7: Trends in net interest differentials at Ningpo Bank Figure 9: Capital adequacy of Ningpo Bank