Ningpo Bank has been growing steadily, asset quality and provision are leading partners, Ningpo Bank has maintained excellent profitability, performance has increased and the roe level has remained at the forefront of the industry.
Production quality performance is at a better level of industry, and we consider this to be an important factor in the existence of premium premiums for the company’s valuation at a more central level than in the industry, but due to the fact that the company’s outward-looking economy is dominated by Ningbo, which will need to be shut down, the rate of revenue growth has increased further, resulting in a smaller cut in fees. Ningpo Bank’s net profits in the first three quarters.
A 1.5-21.1% increase in the first half of the year compared with the increase in the first half of the year was maintained at the forefront of the industry; the negative impact on companies of the same-year increase in revenue was reduced. 20bp increase in the end-of-quarters net-calibre differential ring, with an increase in the asset-end rate of return
The main reasons for this are: (1) the stock-based disturbance factor has weakened: the company has continued to reduce its stock base for three quarters, and since the company base gains are not included in net interest income, the asset allocation has shifted from the base to other assets (e.g., abs) that account for interest income.
(ii) Asset restructuring: the firm’s three-quarter credit placement was positive (6.34%, qoq), and the asset structure’s shift towards higher-yielding loans helped to increase the asset-end rate of return.
The end-of-life rate ring ratio was equal to 0.80 per cent; the interest group loan accounted for a slight increase of 5 bps to 0.56 per cent, and we measured the annualized negative yield of about 0.31 per cent added to the write-off by the company in the third quarter, a decline of 14 bp, a decline in the negative-generation absolute value, and therefore the overall asset quality of the company remained excellent.
Division levels were well above industry averages, and the provision coverage at the end of the three seasons was further increased to 503 per cent.
▪ Downwards in the economy lead to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and financial regulation that is more than anticipated.
The rate of non-performing loans is 0.80% (0bp, qoq). Loans ranged from 4.02% (+4bps, qoq), with a provision coverage of 503% (+3.35pt, qoq).
Quarterly receipts increased by 14.1 per cent over the same period and by 4.3 percentage points over the first half of the year (9.8 per cent, yoy). The increase in the rate of collection was due, on the one hand, to the weakening of the public base disturbance factor and the recovery of the asset allocation adjustment co-promotion gap. Ningpo Bank ' s first three quarters net interest difference was 1.90 per cent, up from the first half of the year (1.81 per cent) and, on the basis of our measurements, the company ' s initial closing of the third quarter.
With a 20bp increase in the net profit margin ratio, where the asset end rate of return (31bp) is higher than the end cost of the liability (11bp), we believe that the main reasons for the increase in the corporate end of the asset rate of return were: (i) the weakening of the base disturbance factor: the company continued to reduce its base for the third quarter, and because the company base income was excluded from net interest income, the adjustment in asset allocation reduced the impact of the base on interest differentials and resulted in book interest interest.
The shift in the asset structure towards higher-yielding loans helps companies to increase their asset end-of-end rates of return. Corporate deposits have increased by 1.91% in the third quarter, mainly as a result of the company's snorting strategy, with savings rising by 16.3% at the end of the three season, expected to be at the same level as peers, corporate snorting advantage, asset quality maintained and reserve levels ahead of counterparts.
Ningpo Bank misperceptions were strict (74.1 per cent of loans/deficit share overdue by more than 90 days at the end of the six-month period) and the end-of-quarter negative ratio was equal to 0.80 per cent; the interest group loan accounted for a slight increase of 5 bps to 0.56 per cent in the ring comparison, and we measured the annual negative rate of production of the company's write-off in the third quarter at about 0.31 per cent, a decline of 14 bp in the ring, and a decline in the absolute value of the negative generation, which resulted in the company maintaining an excellent asset quality as a whole.
The level was much higher than the industry average, and the provision coverage at the end of the three-month period was further increased to 503%. Ningpo Bank maintained its high profitability, its performance increased and its roe level maintained its industry leader, and asset quality performance was better than that of its peers, which was considered an important factor in the company’s premium on the valuation of the industry’s central level, but because of the company’s outward-looking economy
In order to lead Ningbo, follow-up attention needs to be given to the impact of the China-US trade war on the quality of regional assets. We expect Ningpo Bank to have a net 1-018/19, and the economy to have a negative impact on asset quality. As a pro-cyclical industry, industry development is more relevant to economic development.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macro-economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.2 Financial regulation is over-expected. Banking regulation has continued since 2017, with full coverage of internal and external banking regulations, all right?
At the same time, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination, enhance regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to fall at an accelerated pace. If strict regulation is too tight to be expected, industry’s business development may be constrained, thus affecting net profit growth.
3. The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated. China-US trade has shaky development, further increasing investors’ prospects for the domestic economy.