An increase in core-level capital, shareholder support for confidence, 1) strong shareholder support, and confidence in the future development of Ningbo Bank. 2nd major shareholder, H.E. China Bank, committed to buy 20% of it, and 3rd major shareholder, Yagor, committed to buy 15-30% of it, 2nd.
The Development Investment Group does not participate in this increase, but 18q3 has increased the premium by about $111 million (at $18.01/share) through debt-transferable swaps. The strong shareholder support reflects confidence in Ningbo Bank’s medium- and long-term development and boosts market confidence.
The price of the base price is set at 90% of the average daily price of the 20 transactions before the issuance, and the last audited bvps, which is a high standard. On the basis of current stock prices, performance of the roe, profit growth, etc., excellent corporate governance and risk management,
3) A fixed increase in short-term impact (static calculation): ps, thicker bvps. A static calculation, better performance or better. In addition, due to the distribution base price being higher than one times pb, the fixed increase will be thicker bvps, which will be measured and increased by 0.92 pc at the core level, level I, and capital adequacy of Ningpo Bank after the fixed increase is completed
Why is refinancing good for Ningbo Bank? Roe 17.74%, 19.02%, 21.03% (annual) of profits, respectively, are on a downward trend. In the framework of the mpa test, the refinancing of capital supplements will benefit Ningbo Bank.
Increase in the rate of expansion of assets and increase performance growth. 2) Business structure: Ningpo Bank credit increases at a lower rate than total asset growth, at a faster rate of 20 per cent, with a profit lead
The Ningbo Bank, which is working to serve small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) clients, is in line with 18 years of policy 2, the Bank of Ningbo (002142): Roe's policy direction, and the credit line has been relaxed.
Up to 20%, asset quality control is in place.
100 per cent) and credit investment is expected to remain high for 19 years, with refinancing supplementing Core I with quality controls, and continued high profit growth in capital, which is particularly important for its operations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Ningpo Bank is well run, flexible, profitable, cooperative, and net profit growth is expected to remain at more than 20%, and the profit lead is growing. The asset quality is strong, poor rates, overdue rates, and interest-type loans are among the lowest in the list.
Figure 1: Ningpo Bank Revenue and Profit Growth (Billions of Dollars) Figure 2: Ningpo Bank Roe leads the profit growth team
Figure 3: Quality of Bank Assets at Ningpo, Figure 4: Capital sufficiency of Bank at Ningpo