Three-quarterly review in 2024: q3 performance was delayed, and on October 28th, 2024, the semiconductor field was further developed.
• 3 unit price & loss of profitability contributed to the performance; in the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved 14.480 million yuan, or 7.5 per cent of the year; in the first three quarters of 2024, the mother ' s net profit was 2.96 billion yuan, or 15.8 per cent of the year; and in the second half, the q3 quarter ' s other revenue government subsidies were added to the impact of the reduction.
Profitability has been driven by a fall in prices, mainly by a fall in prices, and the profitability of equipment has remained relatively stable.  Inventory  Contract liabilities have been down by a drop and cash flow is good: corporate contract liabilities up to the end of 20243  Photovoltaic equipment: full coverage of silicon, batteries, assembly equipment: (1) fifth generation low oxygen monocrystal furnaces: low
Oxygen superconducted magnetic field single crystal furnaces are a determinative trend; (2) battery plate equipment: tubes pecvd, rpcvd, diffusion, fire-retrenchment, single cavity multi-barrel ald and dry cleaning equipment have been developed that are compatible with the bc and topcon processes; and (3) component equipment: enhanced whole-line equipment supply capacity for stacked components.
In recent years, the configuration has accelerated and progressed well: (1) Large silicon equipment: the company provides a long crystal, sliced, grinded, polished whole solution.
(b) Advanced encapsulation: a compacted crystal circle decomposition machine, and a 12-inch super-silicon super-silic circle with an efficient and steady break of 12 inches 30 m.
As of 24q3, the company's 12-inch 3-axis thinner was successfully extended to domestic heads, equipment was ordered for silicon, semiconductor equipment & material section encapsulating customers; (3) advanced process: 8-12 inches of silicon decomposition equipment, lpcvd and so forth were developed
Devices like ald. 12 inch depressurizing silicon extension equipment is now sold out, relevant orders are maintained, ald is in the validation phase; (4) sic equipment: 6-8 inches of crystals, cut. Transistor power (300316): semi-annual report 2024
Inchessic extension equipment and optical measurement equipment have been marketed.  Materials: layout of silicon line & quartz & sapphire & sapphire: (1) sic line : 8 Es: o2 profit weights, watch the semiconductor field
Mass production and sale of inchesc lined negatives has been achieved; (2) stone-pessium: accelerated booster capacity and continuous development of high-quality super-cams; (3) diamond-line: production and mass marketing of phase 1 production projects, promotion of phase 2 expansion projects and rapid upgrading of tungsten wire production capacity; (4) sapphire:
Since 2024, the public sapphire business has grown rapidly, driven by the recovery in the consumer electronics and led sector and by the demand for secondary replacement.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, and the second curve is:
The third curve is that of carbonated silicon materials and semiconductor equipment, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, taking into account the company’s current low valuation and the growth of semiconductor operations.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.