Transistor power (300316) Semiconductor equipment continues to advance and semiconductor operations are actively expanding.
Development and development of equipment for manufacturing, chip making, sealing, etc... Gradually, 8-12 inches of semiconductor size, a national breakthrough in silicon equipment, with products sold in bulk and widely recognized by downstream customers, leading the city in the production of semiconductor long-crystal equipment.
The product was selected as a list of corporate standards “leaders” in the area of semiconductor equipment in the country, and a single-distributed silicon-extension growth facility was awarded the fifteenth Chinese semiconductor equipment innovation product. Based on the extension of the industrial chain, the company developed a 6-8 inch carbonated silicon crystal in the field of power semiconductors.
Equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant pressure silicon extension equipment, etc., to replace national production of carbonated silicon extension equipment, and innovative introduction of double-silica-carbide extension equipment, with a significant increase in output. In the area of advanced production, the company has developed an advanced approach.
8-12 inches of pressure-relief silicon extension equipment, lpcvd, ald, etc., and a large number of 12 inches of crystal circle thinner equipment that should be used for advanced encapsulation. Companies will continue to build on the core of the company’s ability to innovate, relying on trends and opportunities in industry that will replace the semiconductor with national production.
In the area of photovoltaic equipment, company products cover silicon chips, electricity, and the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks.
The main products of the company are all-automatic crystal growth equipment (simple silicon growth furnaces), crystal processing equipment (ring cutters, ring gold cutters, roll-over grinders, gold cutters), crystals.
Xiao Xin's investment management, film processing equipment (extra-placing one machine), chip separation detection equipment, etc.; at the end of the battery, the company developed tubes pecvd, rpcvd, proliferation, de-fired, monocrystal ald and so on.
A variety of battery process equipment, such as dry cleaning; at the end of the component, the company has developed components of equipment lines with multi-programming processes such as stacked voltage, layout, border self-loading machines, gel detectors, etc. At the same time, the material production and processing equipment chain is the main line for digitizing the equipment between the various equipments.
Connecting with intelligence to provide clients with solutions to automate + + digital +ai big data, and promoting productivity improvements for clients. In PV panels, companies are based on innovation perspectives in the industrial chain, working with downstream strategic clients in product technology and processes, automation and intelligence, and advanced manufacturing.
There has been continuous innovation in areas such as models, where differentiated battery equipment has been successful in achieving export breakthroughs, creating new types of silver components that can significantly reduce silver consumption, thereby significantly reducing the cost of components, and achieving good results in customer mass production tests.
Industry volatility risks; market competition risks; technology research and development risks; loss of skilled personnel; data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.