Aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminum price determination. Aluminium supply side reform and environmental policy advancement will change significantly.
Aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium are the basics of supply and demand. There will be a gap of about 1.44 million tons of aluminium oxide, and electrolytic aluminium is expected to be in a tight balance.
See: China’s aluminium industry will continue to divest itself of non-principal assets in the future, focusing on a strong aluminium industry. At the same time, it will actively build its own power plant and intensify direct-purchase negotiations to reduce aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium won/tons, so that when the price of aluminium oxide increases by 100 yuan/t, its net profit increases by 455 million yuan.
(Not taking into account the gains and losses of minority shareholders); the price of electrolytic aluminium increased by $578 million (not taking into account the gains and losses of minority shareholders) for each 500-ton increase in its net profit; and the investment proposal: a combination of the company ' s aluminium oxide, the elasticity of the performance of electrolytic aluminium and the company ' s efficiency projects.
Strictly enforced, we expect China's aluminium industry to be 0.089 yuan in 2017, pe based on 46 calculations, which corresponds to a reasonable valuation of $4.10. Given the company's industry status, we maintain “China Hai International, 177 J.S.
Aluminium Industry: The Aluminium Industry, which runs the aluminium industry chain and is highly profitable, was established on 10 September 2001 with China Aluminum Corporation as its main sponsor.
State Development co-initiated, listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: ach) and the Hong Kong United Exchange (stock code: 2600) on 11 and 12 December of the same year, and successfully achieved a share on 30 April 2007 through the issuance of stock swaps to integrate Shandong Aluminium Industries Ltd. and Lanzhou Aluminium Industries Ltd.
Listed (stock code: 601,600).
Corporate strategic adjustments: operationsa shareipo: merger of Shandong
Guinea iron ore, coal development, aluminium industry, aluminium industry in Lanzhou Development of rare earth resources
China's aluminium industry has been established as the leading industry in China's non-ferrous metals industry, with a combined strength among the leading global aluminium industry and the only resource exploration and exploitation of bauxite, coal, etc. in China's aluminium industry. The production of aluminium oxide, raw aluminium and aluminium alloy products,
Sales, technology research and development, international trade, the logistics industry, large-scale production of coal-fired power and new energy generation as one. The Chinese aluminium industry has been actively developing the entire chain of aluminium since its inception.
Bauxite, aluminium oxide, aluminium electrolysis, aluminium alloys, mainly industrial chain structures, covering mineral exploration, resource extraction, bauxite smelting, electrolytic aluminium production, alloying production, international trade, circulation services, energy: wholly-owned subsidiaries (18 households)
China's aluminium industry is actually controlled by the State Council's State Assets Supervision and Management Board. The State Council's State Assets Supervision and Management Board, through the 100%-owned China Aluminium Company, holds 32.81% of the shares of China's Aluminium Corporation.
Figure 6: Corporate equity structure Construction of the ecology of the "Bauxite Mine - Aluminium Oxide - Aluminium Electrolytic Aluminium" industry
China’s bauxite reserves amount to 930 million tons: 800 million tons, or about 86 per cent, are in China, 130 million tons abroad, or about 14 per cent. China’s bauxite reserves account for more than 20 per cent of the country’s bauxite resources.
China ' s aluminium industry produces a total of 11 companies, including four branches, three wholly owned subsidiaries and three holding companies, with a combined capacity of 17.25 million tons and an equity capacity of 1,594 million tons.
This year, about 1 million tons of aluminium oxide and 120,000 tons of aluminium oxide were produced. Thirteen companies produced electrolytic aluminium in China’s aluminium industry, including five branches, two wholly-owned subsidiaries and six holding companies, with a combined total capacity of 38.51 million tons and an equity capacity of 3.281 million tons.
China ' s aluminium industry can produce 18 million tons of bauxite per year, with a self-sufficiency rate of more than 50 per cent based on its aluminium oxide capacity of 17.25 million tons; it has a self-sufficiency rate of more than 200 per cent based on its electrolytic aluminium production capacity of 3.85 million tons, and according to the Public Administration ' s announcement that China ' s aluminium industry sells about 7 million tons of aluminium per year.
China’s aluminum industry can guarantee relative advantage in the face of rising production costs across the industry. Subsistence efficiency gains are significant: profitability increases significantly.