On April 29, the Beijing Bank released its annual report for 2020 and its quarterly report for 2021. Assets grew steadily, and profitability gradually improved.
1.85% increase, 3.15% increase, mainly due to steady growth in the size of assets. Total assets at the end of 2020 were 2.9 trillion, and the Bank of Beijing was founded in 1996 to seize the opportunities of the times, a 6% increase; at the end of the first quarter of this year, total assets were 3.03 trillion, making it the first city business to break out of 3 trillion.
A breakthrough has been achieved in terms of investment, listing, cross-regional, etc... Full implementation. Net profits increased by 0.2% per year in 2020, mainly through the initiative last year to scale up the provision, the loss of impairment of assets, and the “home-based advantage” of the capital market, which is concentrated in the Beijing region.
The same increase of 10.3 per cent; helps to build resilience to risk and to lay the foundation for future development. 1q21 net profit increases by the same year. There are three branches, nearly 300 points around Beijing, “four 3.46 per cent, profit recovery.
In the context of the last year’s profit entity, the net difference was reduced by 4bp to 1.92%. The single-season gap fell by a narrow and steady season, with 1.97% and 1.q20 to 4q20, respectively.
It is hoped that the optimal structure of the assets and liabilities will contribute to a steady spread of interest. In 2020, the Bank of Beijing integrated its brand, creating a special value that covers the entire life cycle of its clients.
Credit operations have grown well, with a higher share of high-yield assets. The share of loans in interest-bearing assets at the end of the year was 54.4 per cent.
In the broader context of nation-building, the advantage of company-specific services is that "flying wheels account for 62.8% of interest-bearing liabilities, up from 0.16pt at the end of the previous year, with a higher level of debt stability.
As a result of the company ' s retail transformation, credit, especially the high-yield lending ratio, is expected to rise gradually; the consolidation of liabilities and active cost control are expected to lead to a steady level of interest differentials.
Risks continue to be cleared and asset quality stabilized. Last year and the first quarter of this year, companies took the initiative to increase the disposal of non-performing loans, insurance, rural finance five major areas, creating a stronger industry and rigorous risk classification management. The rate of non-performing loans at the end of the quarter was 1.46%, down 11bp from the beginning of the year; provision coverage was made.
At the same time, deep-farming institutions have gradually strengthened their service features in the areas of finance, social security, health care, taxation, education, health care, public funds, etc., in the commercial banks of the region.
In recent years, companies have seized the strategic opportunity of the capital to build an international centre for culture in China and China, with sustained efforts in science, technology, and cultural finance.
The balance of financial loans has increased to 15% of total loans, from $161.4 billion to $67.5 billion, respectively. Corporate innovation has led to niche products, such as intellectual loans, software loans, research and development loans, and hospitality, adapted to the characteristics and financing needs of science and technology-cultural enterprises, and has continued to optimize services and gradually develop distinctive financial brands.
In retail operations, the Bank of Beijing is working on social security, public funds, b-units, h-units, etc.
The advantages are evident in the health sector, where the retail customer base in Beijing is strong and there is much room for exploration. At the same time, strong public-private partnerships continue to be strong, and firms have consolidated their clients while bulk-takers. Since 2020, companies have highlighted the strategic status of retail transformation, increased financial and technological inputs, and a steady progress in digital transformation.
(a) 2.2 billion, or 3.4% of the revenue, are in operation and financial science and technology companies continue to be active;
Investment recommendations: the Bank of Beijing continuously strengthens the location of its services capital, accelerates the transformation of its retail business and further optimizes its asset liability structure; wind control continues to be prudent and asset quality is stable; stocks are well-positioned and more resilient to risk.
Figure 1: Net profits from the Bank of Beijing gradually improving compared to the rate of increase
Figure 3: Growth of bank deposits, loans and interest-bearing assets in Beijing, figure 4: The share of bank loans in interest-bearing assets in Beijing increased to 54.3 per cent in 2020, figure 5: The share of bank loans in Beijing increased to 32.4 per cent in 2020
Fig. 6:1q21 The Beijing Bad Rate Ring drops by 11bp to 1.46%.
Bank of Beijing (601169): The first asset broke 3 trillion city comptoirs, and the bad rate dropped dramatically.
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Beijing Bank (601169): the first asset broke 3 trillion city comptoirs, with a significant decline in bad rates, and did not guarantee that the information and advice it contained would not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.