IPO leader in the roe industry, China Xinjiang (601066) □ a strong composite class of coupons
The company is the top ten-highest-income couponer, based in Beijing, covering the entire country, and in five provinces and two cities with a wealthier population. The company has a strong shareholder background, a strong capital income-generating capacity, and a roe leader, who ranks first among the top 20 securities companies for five years in a row.
To lay the foundation for scaling up operations, optimizing revenue structures, and developing innovative operations. □ Investment banks: strong, balanced, corporate investment firms are in the lead, and lines of business are all leading the industry.
Position. Investment revenue for 2015-2017 is second in the industry. Corporate project reserves are relatively high. Two. Project reserves are expected to be transformed into revenues in the near future, and the firm’s portfolio will be further strengthened.
Since 2008, the market has been ranked 9th and 10th. The number of company networks is among the highest in the industry, with 302 stock exchanges, of which 56% are among the wealthier cities of the five provinces, and the largest in Beijing.
A solid foundation has been laid for brokering and wealth management operations. □ Asset management: transition to active management, with an average annual compound increase of 9.16 per cent in the size of a company ' s asset management, with a differentiated share of active assets
The risks of the traditional business plate are largely clear, while innovation inhibits the ability of middle- and middle-class dealers to bend overboard, and future large-scale bond dealers are expected to build on strong capital and combined operational strength.
Upgraded market ownership, the concentration of the industry market will gradually increase. The company gets aa rating for eight years in a row, which helps the company to innovate. When the company gets a share on the market, capital strength increases significantly, and it is expected to increase the company’s profits.
Two-show Wang, a strong consolidated voucher dealer, a strong shareholder, a powerful consolidated voucher dealer.
Xinjiang was established in November 2005 to operate on the basis of the country’s comprehensive securities firm standards, based on all original securities operations and associated assets of the licensed summer securities. The Hong Kong Port was realized in December 2016.
The company is the top ten major bond dealers, with 296 securities outlets and four subsidiaries, with 6.94 million voucher customer fund accounts, and the market value of the securities held by the clients amounts to $1.88 trillion.
For the country as a whole, business points are concentrated in five provinces and two municipalities with a large wealth of people, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang and Fujian, with a total share of more than 50% of the total number of business ministries.
The company has a strong shareholder background. Once a share is on the market, the ICM has a share ratio.
The equity holders of more than 5% of the shares are large enterprises with strong capital and mature capital operating experience, which helps the company to operate. Eleven. Upgraded capital will lay the groundwork for scaling up its operations, optimizing its income structure and opening up innovative operations.
The Sino-China investment fund and the Sino-China investment in five first-level subsidiaries, the Sino-Kiwan Equity Trading Services Group, the roe-led industry, the company capital-generating capacity, and the roe-led industry.
For the fifth consecutive year, 2012-2016, the net asset rate of return was 27%, 32%, and 27%, respectively, for corporate brokerage, investment, and investment returns.
Investment banks: strong, well balanced, companies are in the lead, and lines of business have created a leader in the industry.
In the period 2015-2017, the investment bank was ranked second in the industry. It had a branding advantage and was repeatedly rated by the Bond Times, New Wealth as “the best all-embracing securities bank in the Chinese district”, and “the second best local banker.” Companies had considerable experience in high-end manufacturing, tmt, and banking segmented industries, and had more experience in new energy sources and energy conservation.
In the first half of 2018, corporate equity financing remained at the forefront of the industry. 19 projects were completed in the second place in the industry; the principal charge was 61,397 million yuan in the first place in the industry.
In the area of refinancing, there are 12 major recipients, in the first place, in the second place in the second place. In the second place, 74 sponsors are in the second place. We believe that the project reserve is expected to be transformed into revenue in the near future and further strengthens the strong position of the company in its investment business.
With regard to debt financing, the company has a full business license for the sale of fixed-income products, which include public, corporate, public, financial, government-supported institutional, non-financial enterprise debt financing instruments and asset-supported securities. In 2018, corporate debt financing remained strong, with a market share of 3.79 per cent in place.
There are good synergies between the company's investment portfolio and other lines of business. Some of the clients are hosted by the company, blended and stock pledge clients, building bridges for both the client and the management department, selling capital products, and helping qualified private equity investors to carry out ipo or M & As inside or outside the country.
Brokering: The city’s share is stable, the geographical advantage is clear, and the company commission rate has declined in recent years as Internet finance has risen and one-person households have liberalized. As the commission rate has gradually moved into the cost line, the decline will be narrow. The commission rate is expected to drop in the future, but it is expected to decline.
The number of company networks is among the highest in the industry, with 302 stock exchanges, of which 56% are concentrated in the wealthier five provinces and two cities, and are the largest securities companies in the Beijing region. Geographical advantages provide a solid basis for brokering and wealth management.
Geographical coverage of the brokering network.
Asset management: In recent years, the regulatory level has been working on compressed bond market access, and has actively directed bond dealers to strengthen proactive management operations. In particular, following the official issuance of the new financial regulations, payments have been broken, corridor operations have been suppressed, and transformers have been discouraged.
From 2015 to 2017, the company focused on product innovation. Asset management operations were established to cover currency, blend, project investments,
The company issues new three-board products, a brilliant asset management plan, and a pooled asset management plan based on the split-in fund and the consolidation of arbitrage arbitrage investments.
Both have some innovative meaning. The release of innovative products demonstrates the strength of the corporate capital management team and contributes to the corporate capital management scale structure.
The two-mix business is transformed from an innovative business to a regular business. The two-mixed balance accounts for a market value of liquidity, is relatively low, development prospects are high, and the two-mixed business is more resilient.
The combined balance of $36.664 billion and the market share of 3.88 per cent were higher than the stock-based market, down from the level of international operations at the end of 2017, and the balance of the Xinjiang International operations in the first half of the year was RMB 988 million, a decrease of 0.40 percentage points from the end of 2017. The Xuantue account was 3,757 households, an increase of 15.81 per cent from the end of 2017.
The company is the top ten-percent producer of operating income, based in Beijing and covering the entire country. Capital-income-generating power is strong, Roe leads the industry for the fifth consecutive year. Business base is strong, and many of the businesses rank first. Investments are strong, project reserves are rich, and stock-based stock markets are stable.
Commission rates have limited scope to go down. From the operational point of view, the risks of the traditional business plates of coupons are largely cleared, while innovation discourages small- and medium-sized coupons, while the likelihood of overcarriage is reduced, and future large coupons are expected to build on strong capital and combined operational strength.
The company gets aa rating for eight consecutive years, which helps the company to innovate. The company achieves a share.
After the city, capital strength has increased significantly, and it is expected that corporate profits will increase. The company will be given an “enhanced” rating.
3. Risks of licensing: further liberalization of the foreign shareholding ratio and, with the liberalization of the securities licence, increased competition in the industry will have an impact on the performance of the company; 4 Risks of doing business: In the case of investment in business decision-making, if a reserve project cannot be cleared by the CVM,
It will affect the realization of corporate profits; self-employment, high risk in the market for managing operations, high risk for decision-making, operational risk, etc., may have a negative impact on performance.
This is defined as follows: No rating, because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, no clear investment rating is given. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.