Tri-quarter 2024: Performance meets our expectations. October 26, 2024.
The case of Ro Wookang, research assistant: 3-quarterly Eastern wealth report, 2024, 24q1-3 gross operating income of the company - 13.96 per cent.
Stockbrokering has a prominent advantage: average daily stock-base turnover of 2401-3 market shares equal to -8 per cent to 23q1~3 fees and net revenue from commissions (mainly composed of net income from securities brokerage) is smaller than the market as a whole, the size of the company in the bottom of the industry cycle and its performance resilience
2. Self-financed investments remain robust. 24q1-3 company ' s own operating income (investment gains + net gains on fair value changes - investment returns on associated and joint ventures) is equal to +50 to 2.4 billion yuan, of which q3 is +68 to 800 million, partially mitigating the company ' s owner ' s operating income.
Business pressure is expected to be a significant increase in fixed-income-type business returns. 3) Double-market coverage  Fund distribution is affected by a cold build-up and change in public fund-raising, and the Fund’s operations continue to be under pressure: 2024q3 is newly low and the front end of corporate fund operations is under considerable pressure.
Since then, with the Federal Reserve’s interest rate reductions and the massive drop in domestic stimulus measures, the enthusiasm of investors has gradually improved, a new round of domestic stimulus policy is on the rise, and there is a convergence of internal and external positive factors that are expected to boost the market’s trading hub and firm revenues.
In the current market trend, Eastern wealth has the potential to boost investment returns and thus increase performance.
Eastern Wealth (300059), 2024 mid-point  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Based on the company ' s operations in the first three quarters of 2024, we have a small rating: surcharge in the context of change of fees, increasing self-employment
The Division has continued to consolidate the leading role of retail securities dealers and to re-establish the stock share of the traditional securities business with the advantage of the financial ai, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.