Client funds have grown significantly, investment returns have increased significantly, and by the end of the third quarter, company fees and major income items such as net revenue from commissions, net interest earnings, etc.
Policies boost market confidence, investors enter the market for hundreds of millions of yuan, mainly due to the increase in the agency sales of securities and financial e-commerce services. The fund retains a leading position in the size industry, and the type of retention is dominated by equity funds.
The value of the equity fund, which accounts for $343.3 billion at the end of 2024h1, is as high as 62.2% (51.2%) of the non-profit fund.
The company’s clientele are mostly c-end customers, with larger client flows. The daily fund community model is more successful, the customer is more sticky and the customer’s investment experience is richer than that of ordinary investors. In terms of rates, the fund’s surrogate rates may be reduced, but the Fund’s retention size growth is expected to cushion the impact of the lower rates.
Billion dollars, equal +49.7%, mainly due to the increase in the return of the securities ' own fixed earnings.
The company holds on to the Eastern Wealth Network and the Skyspace, The Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Substitute share is stable, the bottom of the cycle - two major Internet flow pools in Kim, where community-based operations are more mature and users are more sticky.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Fund underwriting, buyback confidence - including various types of securities brokering, fund sales, blending, futures brokerage, asset management, investment, Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Fund sales decline, one explores secondary growth
The company's big model of “beautiful ideas” has been continuously upgraded, with user size +ai technology + data reserves, or in areas such as investment, teaching, and research. Investment proposal: based on the company's three-quarterly reporting data and recent capital market performance, we have increased the company's daily average.
We maintain a “better than the big market” rating, with full licensing and stock market coverage. Figure 1: Eastern wealth operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan) Figure 2: Eastern wealth operating income and rate of increase in single season (in billions)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in Eastern wealth from mother to mother (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in Eastern wealth from single season (in billions) Figure 5: Share of income in Eastern wealth by type of business
Figure 6: Sub-grouped income of Eastern wealth portfolio, Figure 7: Base turnover of Eastern wealth stock and market share (in trillion yuan) Figure 8: Double balance of Eastern wealth and municipal share (in billions)
Figure 9: Trends in the weighted average root of Eastern wealth, Figure 10: Trends in the valuation of Eastern wealth Investment Recommendations: We have adjusted the average daily stock base of companies based on data from the three-quarterly reports of companies and recent capital market performance
Business markets continue to increase, and we maintain a “better than the big city” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.