On 13/01, 2022, net return profits increased by the same amount as the major products during the reporting period, leading to an all-time high in the year.
\triangleright Performance. In volume, in 2021, the company was working on a number of projects, including the 21,000-ton power cell ulcer project, the carboard crawling project, the Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia; in price terms, the company continued to adjust its product structure, with a ratio of high-end products.
At the same time, some of the company’s processed products are affected by the supply and demand of the city’s fields, and processing fees have increased, opening up profit margins. By ring, the q4 performance ring has declined, mainly because of the erosion of profits by cost-side upswings.
In October, the price of power coal rose sharply to $2,000, and the cost of electricity generation may have risen significantly as a result of the company's research assistant in Shandong: the Sun Erchun area has 100 per cent of its own power plants.
Auto-aluminium alloys continue to be released, with a potential capacity of 400,000 tons in 2023. With the country’s \triangleright double carbon strategy moving forward, new energy cars flourish.
In 2021, the company’s car board product was sold twice, up sharply from the same period last year, with sales exceeding 110,000 tons, with a significant overall increase in profitability. The company, with its own self-financing of about $2 billion, has again increased the annual capacity of the car board by 200,000 tons, and the project is expected to start in 2023, when the company will own 400,000 tons per year.
Seven of the country’s production capacity is scarce, and aerospace projects or companies are growing faster. The aviation sector is gradually emerging from the epidemic, with the growth of national production and the scarcity of alloy production capacity in the country, with the growth of high-end aluminium.
2. The Aluminium High-end Aluminium Conversion Project of the Ministry of Air and Space of the South Mountain Aluminium Industry (600219) is capable of gradually landing, and airboards are being released or are becoming the company’s new profit.
Aluminium oxide projects in Indonesia have been phased out as a new profitable growth point for companies. The aluminium oxide project has a combined capacity of 200.
Assessment: Aluminium advanced processing will drive growth by tons, with construction in two stages starting at the end of 18th year, one in production in May 2021, currently in full production status, and the second in production is expected to start in the first quarter of this year. According to the average price of aluminium oxide in 2021, 2749 yuan per tonne.
RMB/tonne, conservatively estimated two periods of complete postpartum or higher profit of RMB 1,009 million/year. Investment proposal: A company ' s high-end aluminium processing product continues to be released for a performance harvest season. We adjust profit \triangleright
Do not maintain a “recommended” rating for 16, 13 and 11 times. \triangleright investigates methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.