Crystal Australasia (002459) IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment
During the reporting period, companies made full use of their global market marketing services networks and brand advantages to further expand overseas markets, leading to the third largest volume of annual shipments of corporate components worldwide.
15.88gw (including the volume of goods delivered through the sale of power stations), of which 68.3% were delivered by overseas components, the branding influence of companies was further enhanced during the reporting period.
The top European photovoltaic brand, awarded by eupdresearch, a global authoritative research institute, was awarded a number of honours by bnef (millions of dollars) as a top-class financing brand.
In the reporting period, companies followed the changes in the market.
Quality and cost controls are enhanced through technological innovation, product rotation, orderly expansion of efficient capacity, and further utilization of vertically (002459), three-quarterly performance ratings - high-integration advantages.
Performance continues to grow at a high rate of 23gw, with silicon and batteries producing about 80% of component capacity. Through the import of new technologies, Modes - 2020/10/28
And a series of new, expanded and modified projects that were well under way, the crystallized mills' single-crystal furnaces, the crystal-crystal technology (0024559), the single-month rise in production, the production of new battery lines, and the company's products.
(002459) Reported performance rating - Performance significantly improved efficiency, quality continued improvement, and output in the chain increased in an orderly manner.
The construction progress of the construction projects in progress has been announced and the new high-efficiency production capacity of the silicon silicon tablets, the Ning Jin battery, the state of Uyan and the Viet Nam - 2020/08/18 battery assembly is expected to be exceeded by the end of this year
The company reports performance ratings in Silicon (002459).
The scale of production of films, batteries, components, etc., is at the forefront of the industry, with further advantages.
Upgrading - 2020/07/14 should reduce the production costs of companies and enhance their position in the market in the photovoltaic sector; scale up the construction of domestic power stations and steadily boost overseas power generation. 2020 is the year of domestic photovoltaics.
In the crucial year of electricity access at par, new policies and measures have been put in place to accelerate access to the net. While challenges remain in terms of land, taxes, and charges, technological innovation has contributed to further reductions in the cost of photovoltaic power, and the country’s full-cost access to the net is accelerating.
In order to further expand the construction of the company's photovoltaic power station, the company's board of directors, after consideration and approval, invested in the construction of an online project of nearly 500 mw light-voltage parity in Liaoning, Taiqing, Heilongjiang and Hunan Changde. The project started as planned, and generated electricity from the grid. The company invested in the construction of the project in Japan.
Crystal and Australasia – the volume of shipments continues to lead, the capacity expansion accelerates, the ground power stations are also steadily advancing, providing a base for overseas development, construction and operation of power plants, and gaining experience. Companies will also be steadily moving forward with the overseas photovoltaic operation and gradually building them.
At the end of the reporting period, the company was operating a power station project that generated revenue from the sale of electricity to the outside world, with a combined load of nearly 440 mw. The company will increase in the future.
Large-scale development of photovoltaic power plants, contributing to stable plant investment earnings and cash flows. Investment proposals: firm deep-farming photovoltaic industries, visible brand advantages, successful overseas business expansion, sustained optimization of the production structure, reduced efficiency gains are expected to drive companies to further develop.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report