Vertical integration continues, with a strong leader growing, and the annual report for 2020 shows a net return profit of $1,507 million, or 20.3 per cent, and a net return profit of $1,361 million, or the same amount.
The year-round output of the company's battery assembly was 15.88gw (including output through power stations), which was +54.8 per cent, and the company's third consecutive year of output from 2018 to 2020, which was the third largest in the world. High output growth provided the basis for a high growth in operations.
In terms of profitability, the year-round combined Māori rate is 16.4% compared to 4.9pt. The share of overseas sales is higher for companies, and the new accounting standards have had a greater impact on companies by charging the cost of freight and export of components to the cost of sales (silicon, glass, film, etc. since the second half of 20 years of sales).
In the future, the Māori rate is expected to rise steadily, with the rest of the raw material price hikes or drops. Vertical integration continues to advance, safeguarding sound development \triangleright
The company is the leader of the old vertical integration component. By the end of 2020, the company ' s component produced 23gw, silicon and batteries, with about 80% of the component ' s capacity. The base ' s 5gw battery + 5gw component was successfully operational and the second 5gw component was under construction. By the end of 2021, the component was expected to produce over 40gw, the silicon chip and the battery were about 80% of the component ' s capacity.
A high degree of vertical integration would significantly enhance the firm’s overall competitiveness, protect against price fluctuations in the industry, and guarantee the stability of profits. Full locking of raw materials, enhanced competitiveness of large-scale products \triangleright
The company has entered into procurement agreements with major raw material manufacturers such as New Special Energy, Kyoto Express, and Yamaton, which, by the end of 2020, had prepaid 811 million yuan, i.e. +88 per cent for the same year and +32.8 per cent for the Quarterly Ring, which fully secures the supply of raw materials. The company has launched a high-power component, Deepblue 3.0, based on 182mm large-sized silicon tablets, with a power of 345 w+ and a more competitive market.
The preponderance of global brands and distribution channels that have accumulated over the years has been overtaken by 34-fold p-ttm, which is the first to be covered with a “recommended” rating. Demand has fallen short of expectations, prices have fallen beyond expectations, and raw materials have risen.
Tingya, a multi-year photovoltaic industry research experience, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age securities, and joined in December 2020. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,