Short-term profit-taking, attention to the construction of the chef - Gold Dragonfish (30099.sz) incident assessment report, gold dragonfish announcement: $18.784 billion in operating income from 2022q1-3
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Cost increases, three-quarter profits are depressed, market competition increases; 2) prices of major raw materials are kept high, feed is fed
The Central Kitchen Project in Hangzhou, Chongqing, Hingping, Loki, Zhouguchi, Shenyang, etc. will become operational in 2022.
In Guozhou, Quanshan, Huozhou, Beijing, Guangzhou, Huai An, Wenzhou, Tianjin, Guiyang, Haiguchi, Chenzhou, etc., chefs will be ready for production by 2024. The company’s central kitchen project will be further developed for prefabricated vegetables and vegetables.
In the future, the company plans to build the Central Kitchen Park at more than 70 existing rice oil production bases throughout the country, which are expected to result in new performance points.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” investment rating.2 The Hong Kong Stock * Gold Dragonfish Report is expected to accelerate improvement* 2022804* Sunsan.
The risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the risk of industrial policy changes, the contagion of consumption, downstream demand fluctuations, price fluctuations of raw materials, etc.,3 and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Report*
(300999): Ongoing effects of the epidemic, 2 seasons of marginal improvement* 20220429* Mountain Sun, Ho cosmos 2022-04-30
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.