Researchchand developmentcenter Wave message: Industry leaders are getting stronger and quiet.
- Wave information (000977.sz) for the first time, wave information: industry leaders are getting stronger, waiting for the scenes, wave information (000977.sz)
The company takes advantage of the opportunity of open source computing in the early stages of cloud computing, and then joins the open source computing coalition of ocp and odcc, co-existing with downstream cloud computing firms in the jdm mode, the scale of operations “on the cloud” and the market occupancy rate continues to rise. According to idc data, 2020
q3’s global market share of more than 9% is a sign of a rebound in the world’s third-largest, top-of-the-country, top-heavy industry, except for Dale, Hpe. Upstream, the month-on-year ratio has increased by 69.44% since 2018, returning to historically high levels, followed by an increase due to downstream stocking.
Once again, the speed of the tide and the growth of the global server market have shown a gradual recovery since October 2020, when it hit the bottom. As a server vendor upstream, the performance uplifts mean that the stock stock of the server vendor has accelerated.
For server vendors, the speed at which they move forward is positive after October 2020, indicating that the service provider market is expected to return to a high profile. Qai servers have become the main source of growth in the company’s performance, with a share in the domestic market of more than half.
According to the company’s share in the domestic market of the i-server over the years was more than 50%, with a total of 53.5% h1 in 2020.As for 2018, the average unit price (income/output) of the company-ai server was about $26,000.
With the rapid growth of the industry, it is expected to enjoy more benefits from the industry. At the same time, a higher share of the revenue from the high-morigin i-server will increase the company’s overall Māori ratio.
High base, high competitiveness of products and a steady increase in profitability are expected to continue to benefit from the industrial development dividend, resulting in a decline in profitability 3. The stock backlog has resulted in high impairment losses.
The company's value is judged by the value of the company in the 9th House of 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
But now that the i-related applications are on the ground in government, finance, and demand is strong, and with the growth of the industrial Internet, car networks, there will be a wide market for marginal numeracy. The company is a leading domestic – more than 50% of the city's total, and in 19, it has pre-empted the release of a home-based home-based margin computing server.
The market should focus on structural improvements in corporate profitability. Since 17 years, the company’s Māori ratio has been rising steadily, from higher to higher, the continued flow of domestically produced servers and the company’s increased share in the server market, thereby increasing company bargaining.
Capacity is the main reason for the increase in the Māori rate. Combined idc statistics with corporate financial data, 2017-2020h1, the share of a service provider in corporate income rose from 8.3% to 16.1%, the Māori rate for a server in a case is higher than for other products in a company, the need for future arithmetic power will continue to flourish, and the structural increase in a company’s Māori ratio is a long-term logic.
Markets should focus on companies’ intellectual manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Companies build smart manufacturing plants based on their software capabilities, such as erp, mes, wms, etc.
At the same time, companies have a high market share in downstream Internet and non-Internet areas, with other supply chain areas still having some bargaining power, with companies covering Internet and non-Internet customers downstream and diversifying their stock. In our view, in the face of current and potential changes in industry technology and downstream demand, companies have a huge market share.
Markets should focus on the upstream patterns of the hesitant calculation of rise and domesticization.
The three main raw materials in the memory and hard drive account for 75-80 per cent of the company's total cost, which remains high, mainly due to the fact that the zen2x86 structure 7nm longepyc “rome” server chip, launched by the upstream manufacturer year adamd, has a greater advantage than the intel xeon series in terms of value, and the recent rapid development of the national production x 86 eco-sealights and osmosis cores, while at the same time, the Amazon-based cloud is dominated.
Calculating that the giants began to build on the arm structure self-research server chip, leading to the rise of the arm ecology, which is rapidly opening up in party politics and key industries, with the national production of the arm server. According to idc, in 2020 q3 running amdcpu’s server collection increased by 112.4% and the server collection based on the arm structure grew by 43.5%.
We believe that there is a trend toward a reshaping of the industry’s upstream landscape, and that in the long run the cost of purchasing the company’s core parts is expected to fall. At the same time, new models of cooperation, such as company jdm, can be associated with more efficient, high-quality customized research and development with customers, and the strong market share has increased firms’ bargaining power up and down.
Focus on technology research and development, rapid growth in performance, world-class growth, sustained growth in performance, benefits from the expansion of server markets and their rising share in the market, as well as growing corporate performance as a whole. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies accumulated.
From 2014 to 2019, the revenue went from $7.31 billion to $51.65 billion a year, compound growth amounted to 47.9 per cent, and expansion was rapid; the accumulated net return profit of $628 million in the first three quarters of 2020 was 21.4 per cent a year, and the average compound growth rate for 2014 to 2019 was 22.3 per cent. Corporate revenue and net profits grew to varying degrees, reflecting the company ' s role as a domestic service.
Figure 2: Growth in net return profits, emphasis on R & D inputs and effective application of the industrial Internet
The mastery of core technologies is the foundation and premise of corporate development, focusing on R & D as a prerequisite for the company’s past performance and as a cornerstone for building future momentum for sustained growth. From the development of China’s first small machine server, Smp2000, in 1993, to becoming the world’s top three server suppliers, companies have always placed R & D strategically high, combining market orientation to actively promote technological innovation across product lines, achieve technological breakthroughs, and continuously improve the competitiveness of product markets.
Companies continue to break through high-end markets, adapt to technological developments, catch up on the latest changes in applications, and seize new growth opportunities in the markets, creating high barriers. Companies are constantly increasing their investment in research and development. Throughout 2019, companies focused on artificial intelligence and cloud computing opportunities for change, with a total investment in research and development of $2.35 billion, an increase of 23.98 per cent compared to the previous year. From 2014 to 2019, investment in research and development grew from $40.0 billion to $2.35 billion, with an average annual composite growth rate of 42.47 per cent.
In recognition of the importance that companies attach to R & D: From 2015 to 2019, the proportion of R & D staff in the company has remained constant at around 40% of the total workforce. The long-term layout of R & D has been conducive to the company’s sustainable development.
The base consists of smart production lines, smart pressure centres, centres of control, storage logistics centres, etc., and is a new generation of smart manufacturing bases that gather research, production, and operation in one generation. For the first time in the industry, server manufacturing has been achieved from a large scale.
Standardization upgrades to large-scale customization models, resulting in digital information between people and equipment, equipment and equipment, equipment and orders, factories and supply chains Interlinkages, reducing the overall delivery cycle to 5-7 days and increasing production efficiency by 30% while meeting client needs for customized production.
In 20-25%, we assume that some servers, especially the i-server gpu, are in high demand and account for an estimated 10-15% of the total cost. In the remaining 10% of the cost, the main radid, hba, webcard, and power sources have a self-research technology component. In 2019, the company cost was 88%, according to the above estimate, the controllable cost rate (ex-processor/receiver/hard disk) was around 8%. We believe that the company continues its intelligent production and will continue to build and assemble the product in the future.
Māori rates still have room for improvement through continuous R & D and technology deposition. Figure 6: Cost structure of corporate procurement, Figure 7: Autonomous products related to corporate servers
The wave group held 36.8 per cent of corporate holdings up to 2019. The wave group had wave information, wave software, three listed companies from Wave International, covering cloud data centres, cloud-serving big data, smart cities, intelligent firms, and four major industry groups worldwide.
There are a number of countries and regions that offer it products and services that meet the full range of government and business information needs. Wave groups are strong, with Shandong’s investment background.
On 19 September 2018, the company issued a circular on the completion of the registration of the stock options incentive scheme for 2018. Actual awards were as follows: on 7 September 2018, stock options were awarded to 136 persons, amounting to 3,796,000 persons, or 2.94 per cent of the company’s total equity stock at that time.
At present, the first period of power has been unlocked and was introduced to the market on 28 September 2020, with a total of 125 persons being given incentives, with 12.622.31 million stock options, representing 0.874 per cent of the total stock stock of the company.
Table 4: Unlocking conditions at the stock company level The industry climate is on the rise, the share of the company continues to rise
From 2016 to 2018, benefiting from the sudden growth in global mobile Internet traffic, the server market entered a period of rapid growth, reaching a relatively high level in 2018. After large purchases of servers, redundancies were created, Internet vendors’ demand for servers was tightened, stock digestion periods were introduced, the server industry went down at a slower pace, and the q2 global server market in 2019 saw an increase in the volume of q2 shipments.
From a regional point of view, China’s server camp registered a 14.2 per cent increase in revenue in the same year. We believe that the short-term quarterly fluctuations in server market demand in the context of digitalization and intelligent growth will be high in view of market trends.
Upstream, intel and appeed are the leading manufacturers of x86 architecture chips and bmc chips, respectively, and are suppliers of the core parts of the server, which can be used as forward-looking indicators to determine market server demand. Considering the number of intel operations that are disclosed on a quarterly basis, and with longer delivery cycles, asped updates monthly collection data and uses them for shorter delivery cycles than the intel side.
Camp data are more advantageous as a forward-looking indicator of the server market. As we can see, since 2018, the rate of growth has been at a low level relative to the rate of growth at the same time. After a short period of low growth, the rate of increase in December 2019 was 69.44 per cent, returning to historically high levels, followed by orderly down-streaming of stocks, which has led to a further decline in the rate of growth and a corresponding increase in the wave and the global market for servers, which has been on the rise since the end of October 2020.
As a server vendor upstream, the improvement in performance means an acceleration in the stock stock of the server. Because the increase in the collection of the server was relative to the speed of the server vendor’s delivery, it increased well after October 2020, indicating that the server market is expected to return to its high profile.
Capital spending also reflects, to some extent, changes in its own demand for servers. In the third quarter of 2020, capex, the world’s four largest cloud computing giants, was $23,81 billion, an increase of 39.78% over the same period, and we believe that Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, as the global cloud computing pole, has a capex that is indicative and forward-looking for the entire cloud computing industry.
Industry concentration has increased further, and firms are more competitive: competition patterns remain strong, and the market share of odm manufacturers has continued to rise. In the open source computing era, technical standards have been more uniform, and the volume of odm plants has continued to rise, with revenues from 2020q3,0dm and the market share of the delivery volume being 27.9 per cent and 32.3 per cent, respectively, up by 1.6 pct and 3.0 pct, respectively.
At the same time, the market share of wave information is generally on the rise. Domestic: the market share of waves is expanding. According to the idc report, the market share of domestic servers was further concentrated in 2019, with the top five service providers accounting for 81.0 per cent of the market share, up from 79.2 per cent of the market share of the five servers 18 years ago.
By further negotiating to reduce the impact of the US restricted list in the first half of the year, market shares continued to be concentrated among the top five producers, and server markets were optimally competitive. Wave information, as the leading domestic server industry leader, was the highest market share of domestic servers, with companies accounting for 28.7% of the domestic server market in 2019, an increase of 4.2 percentage points compared to 24.5% in 2018.
Xiaoyun Accompaniment Service, using critical and mainstream platforms such as currently controlled cloud computing, containerization, devops, etc. in the field of national production, to provide users with “one-stop” business systems, including fit-out advice, programme design, fit-out validation optimization, and training evaluation certification.
The Xiaoyu platform provides a spring-based Xiaoyu platform function and performance test, nationalization of the user business system, and full-scale cloudization support covering the Flying Tent, Dragon Cube, and x86 systems. Partners such as the joint operating system, databases, and intermediates are engaged in wave Xiaoyu advisory planning, upper cloud adaptation programmes, and spring Xiaoyu's best practices.
Enabling users to gain rapid access to Xiaoyu eco-technical capabilities, enabling business applications to be rapidly nationalized. Ai+ edges to add up. Company jdm model captures the biggest Internet vendor in the cloud age.
According to idc statistics, in 2019, the Internet industry accounted for 38.40 per cent of domestic market output, the government accounted for 15 per cent, and the operators for 12.80 per cent. As the cloud age has come, the cloud has been calculated.
In the face of changing market demand, companies built up a joint design development model for jdm. Compared to traditional odm and white machine manufacturers, using “brand” + “jdm customization” to build their client advantage, the Māori rate is among the highest in the industry. In 2019, the company’s Māori ratio was about 11.97%, compared to the traditional industry.
In the traditional sector, the jdm model provides continuous capacity for the digital transformation of the communications, finance, transport, public security, etc.
There are a lot of successful applications, such as heart: At the same time, the company has found many innovations in the Iai area through the jdm model and the Internet large factory, such as the launch with 100 people of the artificial intelligence abc-one machine, the X-man series of products: the United Peace Technology launch B1 super-high performance a financial cloud host, one of the world’s most powerful arithmetic hosts.
The Internet remains China’s largest demand side for servers, and companies are competitive. According to idc, in 2019, the share of Internet servers in China was as high as 38.4 per cent. In the first half of 2020, the top five sectors showed more than 40 per cent growth in the Internet, telecommunications, a negative growth in the number of places in the government, and financial and manufacturing growth in the double digits, with China’s Internet vendor servers projected for 2020.
The ratio will be close to 48%. Jdm Model Helpers will become the preferred server provider for Internet manufacturers. The company’s main clients are Internet manufacturers, whose Jdm model is closely linked to the joint development of Internet major producers, and according to the company’s disclosure at the conference at 0cp 2018 (2018.09) Summit, at which time the company’s market share in the supply of Ali, 100 degrees, and telecommunications servers was 50%, 60%, 30%, respectively, and its competitiveness was strong.
The edges and edges of the next growth engine from the marginal sector inject new dynamism into the industry. idc projects that, in the first half of 2020, China’s total market pattern for marginal computing servers was $1,113 million, and is expected to reach $2,782 million for the year, an increase of 20.6 per cent compared to 2019; 2019-2024, China’s margin computing suit.
In terms of artificial intelligence, the market size of the H1 Chinaai service provider was $1.29 billion in 2020, an increase of 53.7 per cent over the same period. By 2023, idc expected the size of the artificial intelligence hardware to be $8.3 billion, and if 85 per cent was calculated as a server, conservative estimates of the compound increase of the ai server in 18-23 would be around 40 per cent.
The annual share of Internet producers declined from 63.2% to 50%, while the share of demand in other industries rose rapidly, most notably in the service sector, from 7% to 18.4%, and from upstream, the demand for ari-counting was high, with repetitive features that made gpu and chips such as fpga, asic, etc. mainstream the ai chip architecture. The gpu acceleration server is still dominant, but the fpga and asic acceleration technologies are beginning to start in the government, education, etc.
In our view, the upper part of the cloud-era server industry is mainly intel, downstream is a cloud computing giant, and high concentration brings high technology options and bargaining power up and down. In the one service area, the upstream competitive pattern is relatively decentralized from the downstream demand structure, with the midstream server back-to-back industry structure in figure 26:ai server downstream.
According to idc data, the company has spent over US$ 10,000 on domestic servers over the years, while the average unit price of other producers is US$ 2.0 to 24 million. Between 2017 and 2020, the share of the hai servers in corporate income rose from 8.3% to the expectation that the industry would benefit from more industrial dividends.
With technology such as 5g, the industrial Internet, and car connections, future data storage locations will carry a large amount of data, in addition to large cloud computing centres and smart terminals such as pc, mobile phones, smart cars, and wearingables. The peripheral data centres will vary considerably from large data centres in terms of environment, security, and the type of business they undertake, creating new demands for server environmental resilience and stability.
Together with the release of a marginal-based calculation scenario in early 2019, the Division is a domestic frontline calculation server that meets the ocp and odcc criteria. We believe that companies have successfully seized the opportunity under two waves of technological innovation, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and are expected to capture the new blue sea market in the margin-counting era to accelerate growth.
The company's share in the domestic market of the i-server market continues to exceed 50 per cent, and there is still a constant upward trend, with future applications falling on the ground and faster counting.
The demand is strong, and revenue is expected to increase at a high rate. At the same time, there is a tendency to decentralize the up-and-down pattern of the ai server, which is expected to enhance the bargaining power of the midstream server plant and is expected to maintain a high level of stability in the future.
In terms of the rate of monthly growth in the upstream industry, the server industry is experiencing a re-emergence of the trend, and downstream cloud computing firms are experiencing constant increases in capital spending. We expect a high rate of growth in the generic server market driven by cloud demand in 21 years, which will be sustained in 2022. At the same time, public storage and other components, among others:
The company is expected to grow steadily in the future and to maintain a stable Māori rate, based on customer demand, and is expected to provide computing infrastructure products other than servers. Combined with these assumptions, it is expected that the benefits of the company’s server boom and the high growth of the i server will be driven by a 20-22 business gain of more than 30 times China’s China-China China-China-China-China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China and China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China.
We believe that the company, as a domestic server leader, is expected to achieve rapid growth in the performance of the beneficiary industry, while the higher rate of revenue of the auxiliaries is expected to increase the profitability of the company, giving the company 23 times more reasonable in 2022 than is expected, in line with our calculations of 1.ai and marginality.
2. Increased competition in the market has led to a decline in profitability.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.