A record high in 2024, with sustained optimization of the business structure
Liu Mong Xing Chen Wei Quang's business in 2024 is now at an all-time high and profit levels are being repaired. The company predicts 2024.
For $534 million, the same year-on-year growth of 29556 per cent, the ring growth of 16.85 per cent, the single-quarter net profit of semiconductor industries has continued to recover, and the dragons have been well-run. In 2024, the beneficiary ' s industrial intelligence drive, smart phone heat and downstream crystallization plants continued to expand, and the global semiconductor industry has continued to warm.
According to the semiconductor industry association (sia), global semiconductor sales in 2024 amounted to $627.6 billion, an increase of 19.1 per cent compared with $526.8 billion in 2023.
The four core applications – telecommunications, consumption, computing, and automobile electronics – maintain stability of profitability through measures to optimize product structure, boost productivity and strengthen cost controls. Focusing on advanced containment techniques and high-value-added applications, the business structure is expected to be further optimized in recent years.
Companies continue to focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance encapsulation technology, increasing their strategic layout in the areas of automobile electronics, high-performance computing, storage, 5g communications, and further improving core competitiveness. In the case of car electronics, for example, companies have set up specialized car e-business centres with product coverage in smart cabins,
Smart network networks, adas, sensors, etc., are active in the manufacture of car chips, sealing projects, and integrated high-end sealing of crystal-circle microsystems. Looking ahead, companies will continue to focus on core business areas such as high-performance computing, storage, auto electronics, industry, and smart applications in 2025.
Implementation of the medium-term strategy layout is expected to result in further optimization of the business structure. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a the unit reference point is 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three-board.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.