The long-term growth in the demand for motor vehicles, the benefits of the operation, the long-term growth, the long-term growth of electricity technology (600584.sh) and the 2024 edition of the report, the high rate of growth in the electronic demand for motor vehicles and the impressive growth in their performance.
The industry as a whole warms and divides, with companies continuing to contract in the areas of telecommunications, consumption, computing, and motor electronics, and growing technological and market advantages in the field of high performance computing.
Corporate corporate business income as a whole grew by 21.24 per cent year-on-year, net parent profit by 9.44 per cent year-on-year, net parent profit by 17.02 per cent year-on-year, and higher than net parent profit by 17.02 per cent year-on-year.
The company continues to promote technology development and upgrading, and consolidates technological advantages in the field of high-performance computing, especially in advanced packagings such as crystal circle seals, 2.5d/3d envelopes, system-grade seals (sip) etc.
Technology leads, expanding the downstream market. In 2024, the company's revenue, communications, boosted the construction of an electronic storage base for cars in Shanghai, which is expected to come into production in the second half of 2025, while the company completed the acquisition of 80% of the shares in the semiconductor, and expanded storage and storage.
Market share in the electronics sector. High profitability forecasts and investment ratings of companies in the electronics and computing areas: industry out of the company ' s major downstream demand in 2024.
In the course of the year, the Shanghai Automobile Electronic Control Base is expected to be officially operational, the Chalk Semiconductor Acquisition will be completed, and the market share will be raised for storage and operation. The two directions will be expected to increase at a higher rate, with technology, technology, technology and technology as comparable companies, and the company's current valuation level will remain low.
In the interim, for the first time, an “enhanced” rating was given; progress was not as high as expected; changes in overseas tariff policies could have negative effects; new products were not as fast as expected; and data references risk were not forthcoming.
\triangleright is part of this report. Without the interference and influence of the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.