Non-financial first-time coverage report Long electric technology (600584.sh) Advanced cover piloting, multi-dimensional growth of industry recovery
Investment rating: Increase (first time) Seal the industrial continent, fully benefiting from the recovery of the industry landscape and growth from forward-looking and advanced wrapping.
According to the 2024 Global Commission out-of-the-board list published by the Cychiatry Institute, long-range electric technology captures the third largest osat manufacturer in the world, and the first largest in mainland China, one of the world’s top companies. On the one hand, the importance of first encapsulating the plate in high-performance calculations is growing, with companies sitting on high-quality customers, both within and outside the world.
Households, with advanced containment technologies moving into stable volume production, future expansion of production is expected to lead to further growth; on the other hand, the bear-fung semiconductor cycle is recovering and, according to the American semiconductor industry association, the global semiconductor sales are increasing at the same rate as ever.
Since November 2023, the company has been back on track, with 9.35 billion yuan in the light season of q1 in 2025, an increase of 36.44 per cent over the same period, close downstream in the sealing industry, fully responding to changes in the downstream landscape, and we believe that a gradual recovery in downstream demand will either lead to an increase in the centre of the company’s crop rate and a recovery in profitability.
Xdfoi technology is stable in volume production, with advanced in- and out-of-sea cover going hand in hand. In high-performance advanced encapsulation, the company’s high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series, developed from \triangleright, has achieved the planned stabilization of volume production.
The company’s core competitiveness, which is centred on size advantages and customer resources, is used successfully in a number of frontier areas such as high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, and auto electronics. The company’s strategic input into advanced containment capacity expansion and process pre-positioning has been made in both the long- and low-power sectors of the world to match the number of domestic and foreign customers.
In addition to areas related to arithmetic, the company’s investment in storage, high-density power supply, photovoltaic condensation, etc., has also increased significantly, with the number of newly imported npi projects and the number of new product developments increasing significantly.
Building on the unique advantages of the encapsulation plant in the industrial chain, and the dynamic development of the advanced encapsulation business gave strong weight to the company, which planned to invest $8.5 billion in fixed asset investment in 2025 in the hot-spot application of the eighth interim session of the Board of Trustees on 18 January of that year, with a high value added and a fast-growing period of growth.
The company will increase its investment in advanced technology, mainly for capacity expansion, R & D, and infrastructure to meet the growing demand for advanced envelopes in the market, while enhancing technological innovation and maintaining competitiveness. The electronic market for automobiles is wide-ranging, with companies moving to production or fast-paced development in Shanghai.
In 2024, the company achieved rapid growth in the automobile plate, full-year camp.
The same-year increase of 20.5% is far higher than the average growth in the industry. This increase is due to the company’s continuous expansion of the car plate, its clients and its active integration into the core supply chain of the head enterprise, which already covers applications in many areas of smart cars, such as smart cabins, smart web links, adas, sensors and power devices, and we expect the company to be in a car electronics.
The company has made every effort to build a large-scale, highly automated containment base for the finished car chips at the new auto electronic production plant in Shanghai. Currently, the project is well under way, and the plant is expected to open in the second half of 2025, when capacity will be released gradually, giving a strong boost to the growth of the company's performance.
The endai trend drives the development of smartphones, deeply binds large customers to seek growth, and the \triangleright strategic collaboration with the west is enhanced by disks and tables. Companies have been working closely with large overseas customers, Korea Long Telecom and Stars throughout 2024.
Cokins reached $2.200 billion and $1.695 billion, respectively, an increase of 27.03 per cent and 5.82 per cent over the same period. Korea’s long power plant’s performance grew largely as a result of a rebound in the global semiconductor market, such as rising demand for telecommunications and consumer electronics, leading to an increase in the volume of orders.
In addition, on September 28, 2024, the company successfully completed the transfer of 80% of the shares in the semiconductor. From 2025, the disc will be a full-time contribution to the company’s revenue and profits.
Only its own business map has been expanded, and strategic collaboration with Westers has been further deepened, solidizing growth expectations in overseas markets \triangleright, covering it for the first time and giving an “enhanced” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.