Increased (maintenance) Investment rating: Increased (maintenance) 29 April 2025, Long Electric Technology Bulletin, First Quarterly Report 2025, Company 1q25
The current operating income of $9.34 billion, an increase of 36.4 per cent over the same period, represents a net return to the mother of $200 million, an increase of 50.4 per cent over the same period and a net profit to the mother of $190 million, an increase of 79.3 per cent over the same period.
Long-power technology continues to focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies, accelerating the strategic layout of high-value-added markets such as automobile electronics, high-performance computing, storage, and 5g communications, and further improving nuclear competitiveness.
The revenue from downstream applications markets, with the exception of industry, has increased by double digits the same year. Revenue from computing electronics has increased by 38.1% over the same year, and automobiles have continued to grow faster than the market average, by 20.5% over the same year.
Long-power technology 1q25 has a double profit on revenue, thanks to the company's continued focus on cutting-edge technologies and priorities, the market, further optimization of business structures, and further improvement of domestic and foreign production and supply chain configurations; and the combination of the acquisition of semiconductor (Shanghai) Limited, which has financial and equivalency implications for power generation.
Revenues in sub-, auto and industrial and medical electronics increased by 92.9 per cent, respectively, and long-power technology focused on key applications with advanced semiconductors leading the industry in such important areas as high-calculation (with corresponding storage, communications), ai-end, power and energy, automobiles and industry.
The company has more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment testing, with a super-sized fcbga product engineering and mass production capability. In advanced high-performance containment, the company introduced a series of high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration processes for Xdfoi core particles, which are already in the production phase and are being applied at high levels.
Performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electron. In semiconductor storage, 32 layers of flash stacking, 25m ultra thin chip production capability, high density 3d wrapping and control chip self-testing are leading the domestic and international industry.
International aec Automobile Electronics Commission, the first containment company to enter mainland China, the Cheplet Union (acp) and the company's eight major production base plants, both in and out of China, through iatf16949 certification (authentication of the auto industry quality management system). Radio frequency response in smart terminals
1. A single-quarter revenue history with a high focus on high performance areas, high-density double-sided and 3dsip, cavity shielding and aip sealing techniques.
2. Performance repairs are strong, with high-performance and advanced sealing of 3dsip, hbpop (high-bandpop) technology that can be widely applied to end-products such as smartphones, ar/vr glasses, bluetooth headphones, drones and smart robots.
The climate is not as good as expected, the pace of expansion is not as fast as expected, market competition is increasing, technology is not being developed as expected, and geopolitical influences are exceeding expectations. The fund-raising facility, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, etc., has eight years of buyer experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.