It is recommended to cover for the first time the two-wheel drive of wealth management and asset management, and the return of the operations of the investment bank.
The company has no real shareholders, and the three major shareholders hold them for many years.
It provides firm guarantees for the formation of good governance structures that ensure long-term market-based operating mechanisms for companies, which will contribute to their sustained healthy development. The effects of wealth management are evident, and institutional operations are gradually expanding.
The value of the transformation of wealth management is evident. The ratio of clients to corporate brokerage agencies is rising year by year and is expected to be the leader of the company's asset management transition, with one-size-fits-all fund companies taking the lead. Companies are actively promoting the transformation of large-scale aggregates of products, with significant growth in the size of their management.
There are promising prospects for business development. The Alfonda Foundation and the Open Fund Non-Profit Public Fund are on average one in two markets each month, with a leading position in the industry, contributing significant revenues to the company.
The Stock Exchange Review and the 2022 Annual Outlook - Multi-business-driven Performance Report
(60137.sh) First-time coverage report - big capital - business is looking forward, profit upsight 1 wide distribution of securities: old-fashioned large bond dealers, growing profitability
A+h shares are marketed on both sides of the market, with a 30-year-old coupon-winner The wide distribution of securities was established in 1991 as the country's first consolidated securities firm, formerly the Department of Securities Operations of the Guangdong Development Bank (now known as the Guangdong Development Bank, Ltd.), which was administered by the Guangdong Department of Business Administration on 21 May 1993.
The Authority approved the formal establishment of the Securities Department of the Guangdong Development Bank.