Coal industry elasticizes the profits of the coal industry, looking at the performance of the overseas coal price increase.
In the second half of the year, coal prices are expected to continue to be high, looking at the company's performance throughout the year, performance, and the company's low valuing characteristics are clear and repair the valuation. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Of this amount, 44.89 million tons (compared to 18.2 per cent in the previous half of the year) were produced by self-produced coal, which was affected by the policy of environmental safety and protection, limited production of coal mines in the company area, and the largest decline was recorded in Mt. Shandong (31.5 per cent in comparison with 48.5 million tons in the same period), while the volume of coal sold in trade was reduced by 69.1 per cent in the same year, and the price of coal increased significantly in the country and stabilized abroad.
Coal prices were 608 yuan/tonnes (+26.2% over the same period), of which the domestic price of home-grown coal increased considerably, at an average cost of 589 yuan (+39.6% over the same period); the foreign price of coal increased at a smaller price of 464 yuan/tonne (+2.8% over the same period).
Operating costs. Tonnes of coal increased profitability, but Māori dropped. h1 tons of Māori combined (year-on-year +36.6 per cent), Māori 33.9 per cent (year-on-year +2.6 per cent), except for the rise in coal prices, which resulted in a significant release of elasticity due mainly to lower Māori trade in coal and coalification.
The sale of major coal-based products increased. The total sales of chemicals amounted to 2.69 million tons (compared with 39% of the year), and the IQ2 project contributed to the increase in methanol and the addition of 154,000 tons of ethanol.
The prices of the three products, methanol, acetic acid, and ethyl acetate, have increased by the same year, and the coal industry has performed with elasticity (+552% of the same year) and the main acetic acid industry has contributed a net profit of $1.96 billion (+20.2 billion of the same year).
The coal industry has expanded its production capacity, and Australia's coal prices have increased so elasticly released.
Dragonhead, Offshore Highlights, 2021.4.7 is expected to start production in the year; acetic acid and synthetic ammonia line expansion are expected to increase production further. Coal prices in Australia have increased rapidly since the second half of the year, with the port of Newcastle rising by 61% over H1 in July-August, and the U.S.A.'s performance has been released.