Innolight (300308 CH)
2Q earnings reinforce Al infrastructure spend
BUY (Maintain)
momentum
Innolight announced 1H25 preliminary earnings. 1H25 NP is guided to be
Target Price
RMB225.00
RMB3.6bn-RMB4.4bn, up 53%-87% YoY. 2Q NP alone is estimated to be
(Previous TP
RMB151.00)
RMB2.0bn-RMB2.8bn, up 50%-107% YoY/27%-78% QoQ. 2Q NP beat
Up/Downside
31.8%
Bloomberg consensus of RMB1.9bn by 9%-52%. According to the company, the
Current Price
strong results were driven by 1) robust topline growth on sustained AI demand
China Semiconductors
(report) and 2) margin increases due to a favorable product mix (higher
contribution from 800G and silicon photonics products) and yield improvement.
Lily YANG, Ph.D.
Reiterate BUY with TP raised to RMB225.
Sequential revenue growth in recent quarters driven by robust Al
infrastructure spend. Innolight's revenue grew by 38% YoY/2% QoQ in 1Q.
Kevin ZHANG
We expect 2Q NP to grow QoQ again, driven by 1) strong capex from
overseas CSPs and new entrants, 2) strong demand for 400G/800G
transceivers from ASIC/Ethernet datacenter needs. By data rate, revenue
Jiahao Jiang
contribution from 800G/SiPh products continues to grow. Looking ahead,
mgmt. expects Al-driven demand to remain elevated through 2026 with 800G
volumes continuing to rise and 1.6T adoption accelerating. We noticed that
Eoptolink (300502 CH, NR) also preannounced significant 2Q NP growth of
Stock Data
293%-386% YoY/35%-67% QoQ. In addition, FII (601138 CH, NR) pre-
announced 2Q NP growth of 48%-52% YoY/29%-32% QoQ. FII's mgmt.
highlighted that AI server sales growth exceeded 60% YoY in 2Q, and 800G
switch sales alone nearly tripled full-year sales in 2024. BBG consensus
forecasts major overseas hyperscalers' (MSFT/AMZN/GOOG/META) capex
Shareholding Structure
to grow by 43% YoY and domestic Big Three's (Alibaba/Tencent/Baidu)
capex to grow by 44% YoY in 2025E. As a key beneficiary riding the Al
tailwind, we forecast Innolight's revenue to increase by 52.5% in 2025E.
Further margin expansion on favourable product mix and better yields.
With higher 800G sales and incremental contribution from 1.6T, we expect
Share Performance
Innolight's
GPM
maintain
sequential
growth
2Q/2H25
(3Q24/4Q24/1Q25: 33.6%/35.1%/36.7%). SiPh demand is growing, offsetting
the impact of EML shortage and contributing to GPM. Innolight will provide
SiPh solutions for 1.6T products as well, per mgmt., and we estimate NPM to
Source: FactSet
reach a historical high in 2Q while remaining at a high level going forward
12-mth Price Performance
(CMBI est.: 25%+). We expect the company's GPM to reach 38.7% in 2025E
(vs. prev. 35.3%), due to better-than-expected GPM in 2Q. We have also
revised up 2025E NP to RMB9.2bn (77% YoY vs. prev. 49% YoY).
Reiterate BUY with TP raised to RMB225, based on 27x 2025E P/E
(peers' avg. 2025E P/E is 28.1x), close to 0.5SD above its 5-yr avg. hist.
forward P/E (21.8x). We have raised our revenue/NP growth forecasts to
52.5%/77.3% YoY in 2025 on 1) higher 800G shipment volume, 2) milder
annual ASP adjustments and 3) an enhanced GPM. We lift our target P/E to
Source: FactSet
27x vs. prior 21.5x given little impact from earlier tariffs. Key risks include
slower-than-expected shipments, geopolitical uncertainties, supply chain
shortage, etc.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg consensus, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg consensus, CMBIGM estimates
Note: Earnings estimates for Innolight are CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.