Wave information (000977.sz) server tap, promising to move to a demand turning point, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating, promising marginality of demand in the domestic Internet sector, gradual easing of upstream supply-chain tensions, domestic services
We expect to move into a new landscape cycle. We expect that the company’s net return profit for 2021-2023 will be a high rate of growth in the demand for “calculus” for digitization, respectively, driving the rapid development of the server market.
According to idc data, the total global computing capacity in 2020 reached 429 eflops, at a rate of 39 per cent, and is expected to grow at a rate of over 50 per cent over the next five years, reaching an overall level of 3,300 eflops by 2025. This is largely due to the growth in the base-level computing power driven by high growth in cloud infrastructure spending.
On the one hand, capital spending on the three computing poles of the overseas Amazon, Microsoft and Google has been increasing at the same rate as ever.
At more than 30 per cent in seven quarters, the global server industry is in high demand; on the other hand, the monthly revenues of the leading Bmc chip manufacturer, Istium, have recovered rapidly, while the Intel Data Center Group is recovering at a gradual rate, and upstream firms are on the verge of moving upwards to the certification server market into a new growth week.
In addition, the 2022 intelsapphirapids and amdgenoa dual platform plans to be imported into the market with the hope of stimulating the switchover of the enterprise ' s client servers and the infrastructure of the data centre.
Looking back at the history of corporate development, we believe that the company has captured two of the most important points of need for computing, namely, the company's ability to capture the cloud computing wave, the early launch of the cloud server, and the innovative introduction of the jdm model to win by working with the cloud computing giants; and the lead in the era of artificial intelligence, which has created the most full-scale artificial intelligence computing stacks in the industry.
In the long run, companies are expected to step up their leadership, scale and benefit. Digital construction is a fast-growing demand for “arithmetic” and a fast-growing market for servers.
With the development of technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, physical networking, block chains, global computing needs are not expected to increase tenfold in the next few years. According to idc, the total global computing capacity reached 429 eflops in 2020, at a rate of 39%, of which the base size (fp322) is 313 eflops3, the size of the smartness.
For the next five years, according to idc it is estimated that global computing will grow at a rate of more than 50 per cent, reaching figure 1: global capacity demand is expected to achieve a tenfold increase in the next few years: the largest share of base capacity demand in the global economy is projected to increase by more than 50 per cent over the next five years.
(eflops) The data centre is a physical entity with an arithmetic carrying capacity. The data centre contains three elements that are essential for the normal functioning of the computing environment: (1) Calculating: The memory required to run applications that are normally provided by an enterprise server
(ii) Storage: data centres contain primary storage equipment and backup storage equipment. They may be hard drives or tape recorders, but first-class facilities usually have full flash storage arrays. (3) Networks: a wide range of network equipment, such as routers, switches, controllers, firewalls, etc.
According to synergyresearchgroup data, total global data centre infrastructure equipment (including cloud and non-coated hardware and software) in 2020 amounted to $165.0 billion, an increase of 4 per cent over the same period, with public cloud infrastructure accounting for 43 per cent of total revenue. Hardware such as servers, storage and networks accounted for 77 per cent of the data centre infrastructure market, operating it.
Software such as systems, virtualization software, cloud management and network security accounted for 23 per cent. Figure 3: Global public cloud infrastructure revenue as a percentage of rapid increases 1.1. Cloud computing remains the biggest growth opportunity in the server market
Global spending on corporate cloud infrastructure services continues to grow high. New figures released by the synergyresearchgroup show that corporate cloud infrastructure services expenditures exceeded $45 billion in the third quarter of 2021, a 37% increase over the third quarter of 2020.
Market concentration increased further, with 33 per cent, 20 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively. Figure 4: Continued high growth in global corporate cloud infrastructure services expenditures and high growth in global cloud computing mega-income. 2021q3aws earned $16.11 billion, a year-on-year increase
Thirty-nine per cent longer, with a further increase of q1 and q2; Microsoft revenue increased by 50 per cent in the same year and Google income by $5 billion, a 45 per cent increase in the same year.
Figure 5: Growth in income of the aws since 2021
According to China’s Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the total size of the market was 20,91 billion yuan, an increase of 56.6% over the same year, and the world’s growth rate. Of these, the public and the cloud market was 12,77 billion yuan, an increase of 85.2% over the same year, and the private cloud market was 81.4 billion yuan, an increase over the same year.
Figure 9: China ' s cloud computing market continued to grow at a high rate from 2016 to 2020 In terms of smart computing, the need for training and reasoning drove the growth of ai servers at a high rate, and the development of artificial intelligence placed higher demands on arithmetic. As artificial intelligence algorithms developed rapidly, it became more and more common.
Many model trainings require a great deal of numeracy to be implemented quickly and efficiently, while computational power is limited by the microchip process, which is already lagging behind the algorithm model at the technical level, some models are approaching the limits of artificial intelligence and capacity, and further innovation of the algorithm model itself, if not assured, will result in further innovation.
Impact. As a result, arithmetic has become a decisive factor in the breakthrough of future artificial intelligence applications. idc projects that China will maintain a 30.4 per cent annual compound growth rate in the overall market size of artificial intelligence in 2019-2024, and is expected to reach $17.22 billion in market size by 2024.
Servers are at the core of artificial intelligence infrastructure. According to idc, the size of China ' s AI City was $3.93 billion in 2020, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same period, and will reach $7.80 billion in 2024, of which the server market in 2020 accounted for more than 87 per cent of the overall AI infrastructure market, assuming responsibility.
In the most important role, idc expects to maintain a 20% annual compound growth rate of the market size of China’s AI servers in 2019-2024. The AI servers usually carry accelerated chips such as gpu, fpga, asic, using a combination of cpu and accelerated chips to meet the need for high throughput interconnections, processing for natural languages, computer visualization, etc.
Arithmetic applications such as senses, machine learning, and so forth provide powerful numeracy support. Multi-dimensional up-and-down validation, server markets are expected to enter a new growth cycle 2.1. Global cloud computing megacapital spending is still on a fast-growing path.
The growth of cloud-based capital spending can be judged to a certain extent by the downstream demand climate. Capital spending for overseas Amazons, Beacon, and Google’s computing poles has remained at more than 30% for seven consecutive quarters, of which total capital expenditure for 2021q3 was $27.38 billion, an increase of 36.1%.
Domestic cloud computing is expected to gradually improve capital spending on the frontlines Alibaba and Tungbo holdings. Capital spending on 2021q2, 202103 Ali and Tungbo increased by -22% and -4.1%, respectively, on the one hand because the Internet industry is influenced by policy regulation and overall demand is lower; and, on the other hand, because the supply chain upstream of the global server is strained and induced.
We believe that, starting in 2022, as the Internet industry’s policy margins improve and supply-chain tensions ease, cloud computing capital spending is expected to move into new growth 2.2, with a return to rapid monthly growth at the top of the bmc chip industry.
bmc (baseboardmanagecontroller, baseboard management controller) primarily monitors and manages the server's progress. bmc can upgrade the machine solidware, viewer equipment, etc. in the server's non-operational state, usually with one bmc in each modern server.
Plus, the amount of bmc chips needed will increase. The global leader, Bmc chip provider, ShintoTech, grew by 49.5 per cent, 47.7 per cent, 88.6 per cent, and 33.6 per cent in August-November 2021, respectively, reflecting a fast recovery in the monthly income of ShintoTech since August 2021.
Figure 15: The Intel Data Centre Group is gradually recovering at a better rate of quarterly revenue from Sindh and server delivery. Intel is occupying more than 90 per cent of the market share of the x86 server cpu, so historically, the Intel server has grown at a better rate.
There is a strong correlation between chip sales and service delivery. 2021q3 Intel data centre operations are back up to 10.2% on a year-on-year basis, and we judge that there will be a further upswing in server output. Figure 17: Intel data centre group revenue growth is also gradually recovering.
2.4 The roll-out of a new generation of cpu chips, which is expected to drive the need for server upgrades, intelsapphirerapids and amdgenoa dual-platform imports into the market, will likely re-encourse the switchover of the company's client servers and the infrastructure of the data centre. According to Intel's latest update, 56 nuclear sapphire
The release date has been postponed from the fourth quarter of 2021 to the first quarter of 2022, and bulk production is expected to be achieved in the second quarter of 2022. Intel’s sapphiredrapids-sp series is expected to use the goldcove architecture and will use the 10nm+supperfin process.
Up to 4,800 mhz, and supporting pciegen 5.0 on the eaglestream platform. The eaglestream platform will also use the lga4677 slot, which will replace the lga 4189 slot on the cadarisland&whitley platform to be launched by Intel, which will support the cooperlake-sp and the icelake-sp processor, respectively.
The flagship product of amd in 2022 will be the epycgenoa server, based on the zen4 structure and with the Ponda 96 nuclear. In addition, the md plans to release the 128 nuclear epycbergamo server based on zen4c by the end of 2022.
The ratio of flatform, microsoftazure and tancent, gradually rising in 2021, is now more than 10%. Trendforce Consultancy estimates that the penetration rate of md in 2022 is expected to increase globally in the global server market of 2021q3 as well as in the Chinese server market.
Global server market revenue for 2021q3 was $24.676 billion, an increase of 9.35 per cent over the same period. In China, server market revenue grew by 15.1 per cent over the same year, significantly higher than the global growth rate.
Figure 21: 2021q3 China’s server market grew faster than q2.3 Company analysis: the market position is rising and the quality of business is improving. The company was established in 1998 and placed on the market in late 2000.
There were two phases: the first, from the inception of the company to 2011, where the volume of corporate income and profits was more stable and did not make a major breakthrough; and the second, from 2012 to the present, which benefited from the firm ' s active push for cloud computing opportunities.
Figure 23: The net profits of the company began to grow rapidly in 2011. Corporate shareholders are wave groups that actually control the capital of Shandong Province.
The company shares are 36.12%, holding 0.4% of the company ' s shares through wave software. The Shandong State Investment Commission holds 48.51% of the shares through the provincial investment companies, and is the actual controller of the company.
The changes in cloud data centres involve not only innovations in server products, but also in industry-wide rules of operation. Cloud servers need to be customized for cloud computing applications and deep data centre deployment needs. Clouds. Server alternatives to traditional servers are also moving from a standardized to a personal custom model in the server industry.
The global mobile Internet market grew rapidly around 2010. It led directly to a new round of the int-based company cloud server development and design in 2009, and traditional servers were redefined based on the concept of integration architecture, with strong combinations through decoupling, pooling, re-engineering and resource flexibility.
In 2010, the wave succeeded in developing the first generation of cloud servers in China, which gave our country the lead in mastering the core technology of cloud servers, realizing and defining a new form of servers, and creating an autonomous technology system. And the company created a jdm that is different from the traditional oem, odm mode.
The business model, based on a wave-to-customer integration of the industry chain, provides customized services across the business chain, from development, production, supply to implementation of shipping dimensions, maximizing the flexibility of cloud data centres and improving the return on investment in cloud data centres.
Figure 25: The wave jdm model enables the full interface of server users in R & D, procurement, and production links. Companies, in response to cloud computing, are constantly innovative in products and models and have achieved a rapid increase in market share. According to idc, the share of 2009q1 in the global server market is only 0.17%, based on sales.
2021q3 has reached 9.85%, the third largest global product. In terms of volume, 2021q3’s global share of servers has passed by 10%, continuing to be the second largest in China.
Figure 26: Rising global share of wave information server revenues
The company is the leading global supplier of the ai infrastructure, with the most complete artificial intelligence computing complete stacking programme, involving all-branding scenarios such as training, reasoning, edges, building leading ai algorithm models, ai frame optimization, ai development management and application optimization, and providing a solid foundational facility for the age of intelligence.
In terms of production numeracy, companies have the strongest and most complete array of ai computing products in the industry, the best tradeformer training server nf5488, the first global ai open acceleration system mx1, self-researching the ai large model computing frameworkls.
Aggregation numeracy level, where companies optimize their structures for high-sum training and reasoning clusters, build high-performance nvme storage pools, optimize the depth of software stores, and increase their performance by more than 3.5 times.
At the same time, wave information and auto-mechanical learning platforms allow automatic modelling to accelerate industrial applications. The company’s accelerated server is the world’s first in terms of 16.7% of the city; its share in China’s market is close to 50%.
According to idc's semi-annual accelerated computing market (first half of 2021) tracking report, in the first half of 2021, wave information, Qingqing, and China were the top three, with 70% of the market share; in terms of server output, wave information, Qingqing, Angkor were the top three, with 60%.
Over 90 per cent of the market share; from an industry perspective, the Internet continues to be the largest purchasing industry, accounting for over 60 per cent of the overall accelerated service market, increasing by more than 90 per cent compared to 2020, and finance, services, telecommunications, figure 29: Wave Information Accelerating Server Sales is at the top of the Chinese market.
According to the report " Theforresterwavetm:aaiinfrastructure " , published by the International Authority for Authoritative Analysis, the company succeeded in gaining access to the report with the technological strength of the leading one and the remarkable panchayat solution, and was placed in the position of strongperformers.
Figure 30: Wave information in the Forresterai infrastructure report, ranked as the “excellent performer”
Since: source:forresterresearch, inc. unauthorizedrediction, citation, citation, tribulation, blperf training and reasoning for 2021. mlperf was launched by Tulin winner David Patterson, the leading academic institution, and is the most influential international player.
The test for mlperf is divided into two main categories: the one for training and the one for reasoning. In 2021, mlperf was the winner of 95 regular mission champions, and Wave Info servers were the first to be the two-point champion for training and reasoning, leading the list of champions for mlperf2021.
3.3 The scale effect has gradually emerged, with per capita income and profits rising rapidly, mainly as a result of rising incomes of Internet clients with lower Māori rates. Over the last three years, corporate Māori rates have gradually recovered, cost rates have declined, and net interest rates have risen.
The net cash flow of business activities has improved over the years. As a result of good supply chain management and improved efficiency, net cash flows of corporate operations have improved year after year, especially since the net cash flow of corporate operations reached $2.33 billion in 2020.
Figure 35: Annual improvements in net cash flows from corporate activities Income generation per capita and per capita profitability are on the rise. The effects of rising production levels and scale are reflected in an upward trend in corporate per capita income generation and per capita profitability.
Figure 36: Increase in per capita income-generation volatility in companies since 2011 (1) From downstream industries, first of all, the Internet industry: the Internet industry as a whole was influenced by the policy dimension in 2021, while domestic cloud-based megacapitalization was driven by demand constraints due to high supply chain tensions upstream of servers
The demand for the Internet sector, which is expected to rebound in 2022, is expected to rise at the same rate as 2021-2023. Second, the government sector: government infrastructure development remains a priority, government fiscal pressure was high in 2022, and digital construction, with high demand for “calculus” growth, will boost the rapid growth of the server market.
At this point, domestic Internet demand is expected to be more marginal and the upstream supply chain tension of servers is gradually decreasing, and domestic servers are expected to enter a new cycle. In addition, the intelsapphirerapids and amd genoa dual-plating platform in 2022 is expected to re-incentivize the switchover of corporate client servers and the base of the data centre.
For comparable corporate valuations, we look forward to corporate development prospects, covering for the first time the market risks associated with “buy-in” ratings. (1) The market risks associated with the volatility of the macroeconomic situation; and (2) the innovation risks of technological upgrading.