Business path (001965.sz) Renovation of revenue from road production is evident, investment returns improved to boost performance growth. Merchant road disclosure reported mid-2023. Corporate business income increased by $4.28 billion in the first half of 2023, compared to the same year.
Transport/railway billion, 24.0 per cent more than the previous year, resulting in a net return profit of 1.46 billion, 15.9 per cent more than the same year, benefiting from a recovery in traffic flows and a marked increase in road revenue.
S098052100003 is in good condition, with a significant increase in revenues from company road operations, $3.12 billion in revenues from road investment portfolios, a smooth rate of Maori from road investment portfolios, and an improvement in investment returns that boosts performance.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s road investment cost increased by 26.6 per cent, with a gross profit rate of 47.85 per cent, a decline of 0.61 pct. In the first half of the year, the gross profit rate on the transport technology plate was stable overall and remained at 13 per cent to the right. In the first half of the year, the gross profit on the company ' s main business was 1.66 billion, an increase of 23.1 per cent, and the gross profit on the first half of the year was 23.1 per cent.
At the cost side, the firm’s sales, management, and R & D costs are flat + 0.03 pct, while the financial costs are raised by $210 million in interest costs and 12.66% in financial costs, compared to 1.20 pct. On the return on investment, other participating companies benefit from the company’s investment.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company and the Guangzhou Yao Soo group jointly completed the Recruitment Highway (001965.sz) - China’s toll Highway Investment Lead Enterprise.
The high-speed competition increased the company ' s highway investment mileage by 106 kilometres, while the company made good progress in the validation of investments for the high-speed and high-speed expansion project in Kyoto. The project was preceded by the reits project, with a wide range of sources of financing to promote high-quality sustainable development.
Investment advice: maintain a “growth” rating. The hiring road is China’s longest-range, broadest-covering area, the most complete integrated road investment service provider with a surplus of 13 years in stock holding, and the remaining stock on the market.
More than 12 years of business. A number of initiatives by companies to enhance sustainability and achieve performance in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 19.4 per cent over the same period, of which 2.26 billion, or 24.0 per cent, were earned in the second quarter, resulting in a net return of 1.46 billion dollars, or 15.9 per cent, compared with the previous period.
Figure 2: Quarterly net return profits and growth in commercial roads, benefiting from a recovery in traffic flows, with a marked rise in revenue from road production The recovery of domestic road passenger cargoes was good in the first half of 2023, with significant increases in revenues from corporate road operations, roads
In addition, transport technology, smart transport boards, transport eco-port revenues of 120 million, a small decrease of 0.8 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the cost of operating the company’s road investment was 1.6 billion, an increase of 26.6 per cent, and the gross profit rate of 47.85 per cent, a decline of 0.61 pct. The gross profit rate on the transport technology plate remained stable overall, at around 13 per cent. Overall, the gross profit on the company’s main business in the first half of the year was 1.66 billion, an increase of 23.1 per cent, and the gross profit on the same year.
The cost increased by $210 million to 12.66 per cent in financial terms, compared with figure 3: quarterly cost rates for commercial roads, figure 4: quarterly return on investment in commercial roads
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company, in association with the Guangzhou Viet Soo group, completed a high-speed competition, adding 106 yuan to the company's highway investment mileage.
At the same time, the company is making a good case for investment in the high-speed and high-speed re-enlargement project in Kyoto Pond and in the Chugasus, completing the pre-reits project, expanding access to finance and promoting high-quality sustainable development. Investment proposal: maintain an “uptake” rating.
Business paths are the longest, most extensive and most complete highways in China, with the most extensive areas of investment, and the most complete industrial chain. Investment service providers, with surplus stockholdings running for more than 13 years, have been on the market for more than 12 years.
The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.