Construction Bank to issue 160 billion second-tier capital debt summary: the construction bank to issue a board of directors decision announcement and consider a bill to issue a second-tier-qualified capital instrument for a period of not less than 160 billion yuan for a period of not less than five years.
Since the outbreak, the banking sector has increased credit investment in order to guarantee the real economy.
In the first half of the year, the capital adequacy rate decreased by 5.63 percentage points. By the end of the first half of the year, the net build-up-weighted risk asset had increased by 14 per cent over the same period. 19 per cent of the four main lines, with the highest rate of growth, with the capital adequacy level at the end of the second quarter.
The middle line fell by 17bp, and the agricultural sector increased by 29bp. Total equity/flow (million shares) Intra-source capital growth was difficult to meet business development needs, and external financing was inevitable.
Since the occurrence of the total market value/flow (millions of yuan), banks have introduced a series of measures to benefit entities, with lower interest rates on loans and reduced fees up to 12 months/minimum concessions
In the first half of the year, net profits fell by 10.47 per cent compared to the first half of the year, and in-house capital grew less rapidly than risk-weighted assets.
4.5 percentage points to ensure a high level of capital adequacy by issuing secondary capital instruments (601939): negative two consecutive quarters decline, current interest rates on secondary capital instruments are lower than last year and capital replenishment benefits from banks on a long-term basis
The construction bank (601939) has successfully released a second-tier capital debt of 65 billion on 14 September 2020, with a 10-year fixed-interest bond, foreclosure of the issuer with conditions at the end of the fifth year, and a nominal profit.
-2017/09/01 at 4.20%. The same-duration interest rate for the same type of capital debt was 4.86% when built in 2019. In the current low interest rate environment, secondary capital instruments are issued to supplement capital.
In addition to building banks, banks also have secondary capital supplementation schemes, such as the Central Bank ' s 75 billion dollar investment proposal issued on 17 September on the interbank bond market: the current level of overall capital adequacy of listed banks remains high and is high.
Tools to supplement capital without worrying about the level of capital adequacy. The current level of industry valuation is low, the pressure from reduced benefits, real profits, etc. has been fully anticipated in the market, the plates are small down, flexible up, and highly priced. It is recommended to focus on the advantages of doing business, asset quality pressures, etc.
Smaller banks, such as Business Bank, Ningpo Bank, Hangzhou Bank, Nanjing Bank, etc.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report