21H1 performance maintained high growth, and the core track accelerated the layout. On August 23, 2021, Science Chase launched its semi-annual report for 2021, which enabled the company to earn 6,319 million yuan in business in the first half of the year, an increase of 45.28 per cent over the same period.
Continue to maintain high growth, profit growth goes beyond income growth, business quality continues to improve, overall development – the core track is fast-tracked, business trends are good, open platforms are fast-tracked to build industrial ecology. The company ' s 21H1 Open Platform achieves revenue of $1,293 million.
As of 21h1, the Open Platform has opened up 434 ai capabilities and solutions, bringing together over 2.2 million developers and 3.3 million ecological partners. We believe that the Open Platform is expected to continue in the future through sustained ecological construction.
The education track moves to commercial size, with 2g2b2c fully active. The company ' s education products and services now earn $1.731 billion, an increase of 31.48%.
The results of the field-based and scale-based testing have led to the formation of model guides in the Anhui Port, the New Zone on the west coast of Qingji Island, the Kunming Five-hwa District, Changji Shan, and the Wuhan-Kai District in Hubei. The personalized learning manual has covered more than 3,000 schools in 31 provinces and cities throughout the country, helping students to solve 500 million errors.
In the first half of the year, t10 new products were released, focusing on the "4+1 class standards." Since the introduction of the series of Quickie study machines, 98 per cent of the customers' ratings have been obtained, and in 618 of the year 2025, the sales of the `i ' study products have increased by 706 per cent. We believe that the business model of the company's educational track has become operational, and that in the future,
It is expected that the level of standardization will continue to increase in the commercial process of scale, building solid barriers to competition through data accumulation, expanding the region of the medical track, moving from Anhui to the whole country.
After achieving full coverage of primary health-care facilities in Anhui province, the market share has continued to expand and has been applied to more than 20 provinces in the country (direct city).
The cumulative number of primary health-care facilities in over 200 districts and 30,000 primary health-care facilities in the country, serving more than 50,000 primary health-care providers, has effectively improved the integrity and rational diagnostic capacity of the electronic medical records of primary medical doctors and reduced discrepancies.
We believe that the market for intelligent medicine has great potential, through the company's new journey to basic hospitals 2020-08-10.
“Waaan Securities_Computer Industry _ Quantification Report _ Quest Flying Q3 Performances, Artificial Intelligence Consumer hardware products continue to overlap, and 618 sales are growing at a very high rate.
Business as a Size 2020-10-27. The current revenue is $426 million, an increase of 40.72% over the same period.
Second-generation x2 and x2lamy joint editions of the conference and light office scenes; full release of a new two-day q1 Q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 q1 = one bonus = screen version; and the launch of a new QVR r1, which created a draconian draconian dictation pen
In 2021, the total sales of software products at the CMS C end increased by 108% over the same period in the 618s, and for the third year in a row, the i-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-e-o-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
Intelligent cities and smart car lanes are growing rapidly. 21H1 digital government applications, billions of dollars, an increase of 74.32%, were one of the bright spots in the first half of the year. We believe that the expansion of the business is perfectly interpreted, except in the core course of education, medical care, consumer business, etc.
The company has also developed rapidly on other ai tracks, and the boundaries of its future operations have expanded and expanded considerably. The cost-side controls have been good, and the flow of chips to cash has declined.
The Māori ratio, which stands at 42.79% of the total Māori rate of company 21h1, down by 3 pct from 20h1, is, in our view, largely influenced by income structure. The relatively low Māori precision marketing business and smart city projects are growing faster, to some extent lowering Māori rates.
In terms of cost rates, the company ' s 21h1 sales cost rate was 15.76 per cent, a decrease of 3 pct from the same year; management cost rate of 6.57 per cent, a decrease of 0.88 pct from the same year; and R&D cost rate of 18.24 per cent, a decrease of 3.29 pct from the same year. The company ' s cost rate level was generally well controlled and profit released during phase 2.0 of the artificial intelligence strategy of the enabling company.
This is mainly due to an increase in payments for business goods, such as solution projects and chip supplies. We believe that in the first half of the year, the company increased its chip holdings, with 96.93 per cent of the same increase in inventory, to some extent affecting cash flows. The future will be accompanied by a return to normal chip supply; and
With a strategy for high-quality corporate development, the cash flow of companies is expected to continue to improve. A “two-way-down” policy adds to a new infrastructure for education, and an “two-way-down” policy against out-of-school training is expected to spur policy growth.
Ping chaired the nineteenth meeting of the Central Committee for Comprehensive and Integral Reform, which considered and adopted the Opinion on the Progressive Reduction of the Operational and Out-of-School Training Burdens for Students in Compulsory Education. The meeting stressed the need to regulate the overall management of out-of-school training institutions and to maintain strict governance. We believe that the “two-way reduction” should be addressed.
The key to the problem is the upgrading of classroom teaching skills. The core of the “two-fold reduction” exercise is “to improve the efficiency and quality of classroom teaching”, “to encourage the deployment of class-level, flexible, personalized jobs”, and “to improve the level of after-school services”.
The key to burdening and out-of-school training is to strengthen classroom capacity and achieve qualitative efficiency in classroom teaching. In this process, the “teaching, managing, testing, and evaluating” comprehensive educational intelligence solution is expected to continue to empower the classroom through the use of i-tech technology, with good application.
On 21 July, the Ministry of Education, in conjunction with the Central Network Information Office, the National Development and Rehabilitation Council, the Ministry of Labour and Communications, the Ministry of Finance and the People's Bank of China issued the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Education, among other departments, guidelines on the development of new educational infrastructure and the construction of a quality education support system.
Guidance, Focus on Information Networks, Platform Systems, Digital Resources, Smart Schools, Innovative Applications, Credible Security. Highlights include: building new data centres at government level to support the building of regional educational cloud platforms; building new infrastructure for intelligent campuses at school level to promote personal learning terminals;
To encourage the promotion and learning of big-data-based resources for personalized development; to integrate new infrastructure for education into local 14th-five plans at the capital level, with strong coordinated funding. We recognize the high level of alignment of products, including regional educational cloud platforms, intelligent classrooms and teaching.
In the first half of the year, the company’s operations were well developed, and the core track remained high. The company is currently in the phase of the Human Intelligence Strategy 2.0, which is gradually forming a closed circle of “data-arithmetic-products” and is expected to get out of it.
(a) The shift to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve artificial intelligence 1. The spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, the limited business activity of enterprises and the demand for orders are not as high as expected;
3) Consumer product recognition and diffusion have had less than expected; 4) industrial competition has increased, and firms’ pre-emptive advantage has gradually diminished. Contact person: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics University, five years of experience in financial practice, has worked in the self-employment of domestically financed securities and in the foreign equity research sector.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of the University of Xiamen, eight years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5 g, and Smart Networked Motors. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.