On 26 September 2021, the company issued the Stock Rights and Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2021 (the backbone awarded 243.2 million restricted shares, or 1.057 per cent of the total equity stock).
• The release of a new equity incentive scheme to guarantee the stability of the core cadres.
The core core members are stable. The core competitiveness of a technology firm is in technology, and the firm's prices are compared to 300 deep, and the core of a technology leader is in core research and development team stability.
Further equity incentives are necessary to maintain the stability of the research and development team. Compared to the 2020 equity incentive scheme, we believe that this stock incentive has the following highlights: 1) Focus on the core cadres and bind the employee interest: stock options and restricted stock incentives
The division focused primarily on the company ' s 2,261 core cadres, while the executive level involved only three, and we believe that this reflects the inclusiveness of corporate equity incentives and the importance attached to the core cadres, which will be further tied to the benefits of these cadres in order to achieve rapid growth in the company ' s business.
Performance targets were raised again to reflect development confidence: the performance objectives of the equity incentive scheme were the business objectives set out in the annual equity incentive plan (then 2021/22 increase in revenue corresponding to the performance target) Equity options were awarded at current prices, opening up market value upwards: unlike most equity options, currents are used
A discount or a discount in the award price of $52.95 for the company ' s equity options. This is a significant increase in the market value that will accompany the rapid development of the company ' s business and the company ' s continuous exploitation of its value.
“Waaan Securities_Computer Industry _ In-depth Report _” issued on 26 September 2021 by the company on the resignation of directors, vice-presidents and by-election of non-independent members of the board of directors
In a communiqué, Mr. Hu-Wu and Mr. Chen Tao applied to the Board of Directors of the Department 2020-08-10 for the resignation of their directors, vice-presidents and their corresponding resignation from the Board of Directors of the company, due to the need to create a more complete ecology of the artificial intelligence industry.
The position of the Board of Directors and that of its subsidiaries within the framework of the Quest Report.
The change in executive management does not affect the normal operation of the company: Mr. Hu has been in the company since March 2019.
Director of the Consumer Strategy Committee, no longer responsible for consumer bg management; Mr. Chen Dao has taken over the corporate strategy; q1 has achieved high income growth, a dividend, the head of the operating committee, no longer directly responsible for smart city bg management.
The continued realization of the " 2021-04-20 " , a healthy urban bg business, a sufficient pool of talent, an increasingly rational business layout, and the resignation of Mr. Chen Tao from the company ' s position will not adversely affect the development of the company ' s business.
Two senior executives took up important positions in the new Ecclesiastical Corporation, and continued to build up the geologic structure of the industry.
In collaboration with the Angé and Hoyuki Municipal Fund, the focus is on incubating the start-up projects that foster artificial intelligence, helping to build the Angé Department's artificial intelligence industry ecological cluster.
Key partners, focusing on the development of artificial intelligence chips and solutions, are continuously working on the creation of artificial intelligence side soc chips in the ai+iot field.
In our view, the fact that the two executives of the company have been assigned important positions in the new Xinjiang Eco-Cycling Company reflects the fact that, while doing their own business, they are also expected to contribute to building a strong artificial intelligence industry ecology.
• The “two-way policy” adds to the new infrastructure of education, and the “two-way-down” policy is expected to boost growth with a strong policy against out-of-school training, and one helps to improve classroom capacity.
Ping chaired the nineteenth meeting of the Central Committee for Comprehensive and Integral Reform, which considered and adopted the Opinion on the Progressive Reduction of the Operational and Out-of-School Training Burdens for Students in Compulsory Education. The meeting stressed the need to regulate the overall management of out-of-school training institutions and to maintain strict governance. We believe that the “two-way reduction” should be addressed.
The key to the problem is the upgrading of classroom teaching skills. The core of the “two-fold reduction” exercise is “to improve the efficiency and quality of classroom teaching”, “to encourage the deployment of class-level, flexible, personalized jobs”, and “to improve the level of after-school services”.
The key to burdening and out-of-school training is to strengthen classroom capacity and achieve qualitative efficiency in classroom teaching. In this process, the “teaching, managing, testing, and evaluating” comprehensive educational intelligence solution is expected to continue to empower the classroom through the use of i-tech technology, with good application.
On 21 July, the Ministry of Education, in conjunction with the Central Network Information Office, the National Development and Rehabilitation Council, the Ministry of Labour and Communications, the Ministry of Finance and the People's Bank of China issued the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Education, among other departments, guidelines on the development of new educational infrastructure and the construction of a quality education support system.
Guidance, Focus on Information Networks, Platform Systems, Digital Resources, Smart Schools, Innovative Applications, Credible Security. Highlights include: building new data centres at government level to support the building of regional educational cloud platforms; building new infrastructure for intelligent campuses at school level to promote personal learning terminals;
To encourage the promotion and learning of big-data-based resources for personalized development; to integrate new infrastructure for education into local 14-minute planning and coordinated funding at the financial level; and to provide strong support for high-level policy guidelines for high-consistency products, including regional educational cloud platforms, intelligent classrooms and teaching.
The Corporate Equity Incentives program raises performance growth targets and guarantees core team stability.
(a) The project-based, customized business model, with a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve artificial intelligence 1) the spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity in enterprises and less than expected demand for orders;
3) Consumer product recognition and diffusion have had less than expected; 4) industrial competition has increased, and firms’ pre-emptive advantage has gradually diminished. Contact person: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics University, five years of experience in financial practice, has worked in the self-employment of domestically financed securities and in the foreign equity research sector.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of the University of Xiamen, eight years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5 g, and Smart Networked Motors. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.