The track dividend continues to materialize, and the net profit from the withdrawal of the mother has increased significantly.
• High performance growth, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The company released its mid-2021 report, which achieved revenues of $6.32 billion, an increase of 45.3 per cent over the same period, sustained realization of the mother-to-child net profit and track dividend, and substantial growth in the non-mother-to-child net profit.
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved an income of $6.32 billion, an increase of 45.3 per cent over the same year, which was mainly a decline in the gross profit rate of education, and consumer platforms. After removing non-recurring gains and losses such as government subsidies, fair value changes and gains, the net profit of $209 million, which is not attributable to the mother, was a significant increase of 2720.8 per cent over the same period.
• Platform + track strategy is moving forward, platform revenue is growing rapidly The company is moving forward with the Platform + track strategy to promote mutual and iterative anti-breeding and build an artificially intelligent industry ecology. As of the first half of 2021, the open platform has opened 434 ai capabilities and solutions.
Over 2.2 million developers, 3.3 million eco-partners. Thanks to the continued increase in the number and quality of developers, revenues from open platforms have continued to grow at a rapid rate of 116 per cent compound growth between 2016 and 2020, the first half of 2021 is continuously on the ground, and the three main tracks have opened up.
In July 2021, the Central Office and the State Council issued a “two-way-down” policy on education aimed at tightening out-of-school and returning to school, which is expected to contribute to the educational scene.
In August 2021, the company issued an announcement to plan for the launch of medical services, medical care, and health care.
(iii) Consumers: corporate c end hardware products are sold on the same scale in the "618 Big Push" track, on the "Step Bonus " , 2021.6.23 Learners t10, combined with regional b-side markets and c-end channels, and the LC products are expected to continue to grow.