Income and profits are growing, I'm running a lot of business, I'm doing 2021, I'm reporting a net profit of $419 million, an increase of 62.12 per cent, and I'm paying $209 million for non-net profit.
After the epidemic, good returns to high growth, smart education, open platforms and consumer business. Overall, 38.2 per cent in the first quarter of 2002 increased by 29.2 per cent, 22.3 per cent in the top half of the year 19-21, and 53 per cent in the ring, while considering seasonality.
In terms of operations, smart education and open platforms continue to grow, and other operations are more varied. The core business intelligence education, which compares the sales of products such as sound pens to 300 deep, is hot; the operator's business income is 696 million equal to 65%, and the split bg is good.
Cost inputs have slowed down, resulting in a significant increase in both the net return and the non-net profit. \triangleright rates have decreased by 27 times the non-net profit.
The fall in the rate, with companies withholding net profits amounting to $209 million, an increase of 2720% over the same period, and a significant decrease in non-recurring gains and losses (the return on three-way investments was recognized at $270 million over the same period last year) resulted in a 62% increase in net returns to the mother.
On 3 August 2021, the company announced that it was going to split the medical treatment, and that the company would maintain control. The medical service was committed to the deep integration of artificial intelligence technology with the medical profession.
In 2020, they collected 313 million yuan, or 2.40% of their operating income, and split them up to enable rapid growth in capital markets and promote intelligent medicine to seize market opportunities. Extracurricular education was tightened to facilitate intelligent education.
In many places, the introduction of additional measures to limit out-of-school training will lead parents to adopt smart education hardware, such as a learning machine, so as to facilitate the sale of smart hardware products, while the focus of education is moving from school to school. Schools will continue to improve the level of informationization of education in order to improve the efficiency of education in the classroom and to facilitate the use of smart education.
Quarterly 2021: Profit and cash flows are record high, with a first 100-fold mark on the scale dividend, 110-fold over the last three years of a dynamic pe hub, and the company's current market value is only 67-fold for 21 years.
The dynamic pe is only 75 times higher, which is a significant underestimation. Therefore, the recommended rating is maintained.
The data used in the reports are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,