On 21 July 2021, the Network of Officials of the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China issued a report by the Ministry of Education and six other departments on the highest/minimum levels of education for nearly 12 months.
The Ministry of Education, in conjunction with the Central Networking Office, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Labour and Communications, the Ministry of Finance and the People's Bank of China, has proposed specific and clear road plans for the construction of new educational infrastructure during the 14th and 5th period.
The new infrastructure for education needs to focus on information networks, platform systems, digital resources, smart campuses, and a new infrastructure system for safe and reliable education. We believe that this policy once again opens up the teaching of wisdom.
Promising space for future intelligent education is expected to be fully supported from policy to finance to projects, with company prices compared to the 300-year-old trend, and science and science are expected to benefit first as a leading business in the more than 10 years of the deep-deep intelligent education track.
At this point in time, we still strongly recommend the value of the investment in science and technology. • At the government level: building a new data centre, supporting the development of a regional educational cloud platform, the New Infrastructure for Education policy: strengthening the new infrastructure of the platform system, building connectivity.
Internet + Education platform, which is accessible, well-adapted and collaboratively serviced; new data centres to support provincial education administrations in building educational clouds through mixed cloud models; upgrading of the educational base; database of authoritative data sources, such as teachers, students, school organizations and others, to advance cross-sectoral and cross-regional approaches
A regional smart education solution provides for the development of “Internet+Education” platforms, including local education data centres, educational cloud platforms, educational resource services, educational big data platforms, etc.
The module, which provides regional education authorities with software and services such as a unified portal system, a pedagogical analysis system, an educational data centre, a smart question bank resource, platform software customization development, etc., we believe that corporate solutions are very close to the requirements of the New Infrastructure for Education policy at the government level and are expected to benefit first.
• School end: building new infrastructure for intelligent campuses, popularizing personal learning terminals The new infrastructure of education policy proposes: improving the teaching facilities of wisdom, upgrading multimedia teaching in universal classrooms, supporting interactive feedback, high-resolution live recording, and teaching methods such as interactive interaction, imitation
(a) Equipment such as real experiments to create new classrooms with a vivid visual image; where conditions exist, individual learning terminals that meet the standards and learning needs of the “Waaan Securities_Computer Industry_Indepth Reporting” will support personalized teaching and learning under network conditions.
In the regional smart education solution, which is aimed at the end of the school, a class-to-class hardware upgrade, a new course for the Internet, 2020-08-10.
Upgrading of the School Teaching Data Analysis System to provide ai smart classrooms for the end of the classroom, including 2. " Hua An Securities _ Computer Industry _ Point Review Report _ Teachers ' Smart Terminals, Students ' Learning Smart Terminals, etc. " . We believe that the news flies at the end of the school and at the end of the classroom.
Quest: q3 shows bright performance, intellectual intelligence, highly compatible with the new infrastructure policy for education, particularly the policy's "Advanced for Business" 2020-10-27.
Combining technical standards and learning needs for personal learning terminals, to a certain extent, has dispelled market concerns about electronic products 3. “Waaan Securities _ Computer Industry _ Point Review Report _ Campus”, which are expected to be sustained by smart learning terminals for teachers and students, with the help of policy.
• Student end: encouraging resource promotion and learning based on big data, promoting personalized development
The new infrastructure policy for education proposes: the development of applications based on big data for intelligent diagnosis, resource delivery and learning tutoring, and the promotion of personalized development of students; and the development of teaching applications based on artificial intelligence, such as intellectual assistant teaching and intellectual companions, to achieve “human and human co-education” and to improve the quality of education.
Among the regional smart education solutions, students focus on personalizing data-based learning, using a personalized learning manual as a vehicle for the analysis of case data, error-mapping, quiz-probably recommended. The personalized learning manual has now been implemented in some schools for parents of students.
Standardized fees of $300 per semester cover a number of subjects such as mathematics, English, physics, chemistry, etc. We believe that the personalized learning manual for flying is highly compatible with the policy's reference to “intelligent diagnosis, resource delivery and learning tutorship based on big data” and is expected to be rapidly expanded.
• Funding: new infrastructure for education is integrated into local 14th Plan, and coordinated funding strongly supports the new infrastructure for education policy, which states that provincial education administrations should strengthen their organizational integration and develop programmes for the implementation of new infrastructure for local education, in conjunction with relevant departments such as Internet, communication, industry and informationization
New infrastructure for education is integrated into the education “14th Five” development plan, web-based planning and local new infrastructure support in the region; local education levels at all levels, development reform, finance, communications, industry and informationization ministries should be better coordinated, cost structures optimized and the new infrastructure for education strongly supported through relevant funding channels
Building; exploring individualized mechanisms for the purchase and use of resources and post-payment. 1) In our view, this policy, in addition to being led by the Ministry of Education, includes three key governments -- the DRC, the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank -- that hold fiscal policy in hand, and monetary policy in power.
The sectoral dimension reflects the fact that the New Infrastructure for Education will not only remain at the policy support level, but will be backed by clear government funding. (2) From the policy perspective, the inclusion of the new infrastructure for education in the region is proposed.
In the next five years, the new infrastructure for education will be funded in a sustained and committed manner, and the leading enterprise in intelligent education is expected to develop rapidly with increased government funding.) In terms of the payment model, the policy proposes “exploring individualized resource purchasing and post-payment mechanisms”, which partially solves the category.
The issue of fees for individualized learning resources, such as personalized learning manuals, is expected to facilitate the acceleration of the book.
The company is at the stage of its artificial intelligence strategy 2.0, gradually forming a closed "data-arithmetic-product" and is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model and move to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve artificial intelligence technology.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
4. The firm’s preponderance has been reduced by increasing competition in the industry. Contacts: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics History of the University, five years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment and foreign portfolio research sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.