The reported performance forecast maintains high growth, i.e. a clear commercial trend in size, visible and tactful applications, scale-up, statistical data to demonstrate effectiveness” standards, focus on key tracks such as education, health care, demonstration of source-driven technology-driven applications
The flow of equity (millions of shares) has continued to show evidence of healthy growth in core business.
Starting with the introduction of artificial intelligence strategy phase 2.0 in 2019, the objective of increasing per capita efficiency has been to maintain a good growth rate at the profit end in the last two years. In 2020, the company achieved a 29% increase in income, a 66% increase in net profit on maternity, and a 57% increase in net profit on non-mortality. 21q1 achieved a 78% increase in income.
The performance of 21h1 this time forecast an average increase of 60% in the net return profit of the company, which continues to grow at a high rate. Because 20h1 companies have a relatively high share of non-recurrent gains and losses, it is expected that the increase will be faster.
• Regional smart education projects move to a commercial scale, and trends towards standardization and sustainability show that companies have marked hundreds of millions of orders in the field of education since this year. In January 2021, they marked billions of smart education projects.
We believe that there is a more pronounced commercial trend in the scale of corporate-based solutions for the development of a regional context. With the details of split orders, we can see two major trends: Trends I: Regional solutions are gradually becoming more standardized.
At the government level, emphasis is placed on building regional educational cloud platforms, including a unified portal system, a system of pedagogical analysis, an educational data centre, and an educational data centre.
Smart library resources, platform software customization, etc... At the end of the school, including class-to-class hardware upgrades, network upgrades, smart security systems, campus teaching data analysis systems, etc.
Set up an intelligence class for teachers, students, students, students, etc. On the student side, the science is a big story: the leader is back on board, the size of the commercial point promotes individualized learning based on big data, using personalized learning manuals as a vehicle for learning and learning.
The new journey 2020-08-10 is based on analytical, misty-mapping, quiz-probably recommended features. We believe that the regional factors of the flight are 2. Huaanian Securities_Computer Industry_Evaluation Report.
The solution covers 2g, 2b, 2c multi-purpose application needs, providing teaching, learning, management, testing, evaluation, and learning skills: q3 performances, full range of intellectual education capabilities, which are expected to further improve the standardization of the programme through regional outreach
The extent to which commercial size can be furthered by 2020-10-27, leading to a reduction in marginal costs and an increase in the Māori rate of products.
Trends II: Income sustainability is expected to increase, running the 2g2b2c profit model.
Continuous realization 2021-04-20 will also provide educational cloud platform development for g-ends, wiring services, pedagogic synthesizing platforms for b-end schools, smart grouping and classroom preparation systems, personalized learning manuals for c-end students, etc.
These products are more sticky and more sustainable than traditional information hardware. In some of them, personalized learning manuals have now been standardized for school heads at $300 per semester, covering mathematics, English, physics, chemistry, etc.
We believe that through regional solutions, companies are running through the 2g2b2c fee model, moving from a g-oriented project-based capacity to a b-oriented standardized product and a full package of solutions, with a future promise of a c-oriented individualized learning product that provides sustainable fees, and a business-oriented approach.
The model is moving in a more sustainable direction, with the territorial attributes and control capabilities of the educational track being highlighted. • Under the “two-way-down” policy, out-of-school training institutions strengthen their supervision, and the need to build intelligent classrooms.
On 23 April, the Beijing City Council informed the Beijing City Council of the issue of irregular fees for admission to four online training institutions, such as the Thoughts, Advanced Courses, Web-based Proficiency Courses, Ape Mentors, etc., and on 10 May, the Competition Bureau of the State Market Supervisory Authority, in conjunction with the Beijing City Market Supervisory Authority, conducted a joint venture with the Beijing Market Supervisory Authority.
(b) On May 17, the Beijing City Council of Education issued a circular to the Beijing City Board of Education on the inspection of out-of-school training institutions. As we can see, the Beijing city is gradually tightening its supervision of out-of-school training institutions.
The key to solving the problem of “two cuts” is to improve classroom capacity, and one is expected to empower. We can take stock of a few important statements from the Ministry of Education to the Central Commission for Further Development on “two cuts.”
To address the problem of “double reduction”, the focus is “to improve the efficiency and quality of classroom teaching”, “to encourage the deployment of hierarchical, flexible, individualized jobs”, and “to effectively improve the level of after-school services”. From these observations, it is essential to reduce the burden of work and out-of-school training on students in compulsory education.
The goal is to strengthen the capacity to teach in the classroom and to achieve efficiency gains in the quality of teaching in the classroom. We believe that ai technology has the potential to play an important role in teaching empowerment, to help schools improve their teaching capacity, and to continue to benefit from the advancement of intelligent classrooms, thanks to well-developed product layouts and stickers.
Companies are now guided by a “double-down” policy and are expected to grow at a sustained and rapid pace by repeatedly winning high-value orders in their education operations. Companies are at the stage of artificial intelligence strategy 2.0.
The closure of the "Data-Arithmetic-Producer" is expected to move away from a project-based, customized business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve an artificial intelligence technology on a commercial scale. Companies are expected to achieve business income of $172.2/224.5/28.36 billion in 2021/22/23, a year-on-year increase.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
4. The firm’s preponderance has been reduced by increasing competition in the industry. Contacts: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics History of the University, five years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment and foreign portfolio research sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.