Half-yearly in 2021, the "two-way-down" policy was a good one, and smart education opened up opportunities with an increase of 62.12 per cent, net profit of $209 million, an increase of 2720.80 per cent, and a net business gain.
Cash flows amounted to $1,734 million, a 67.48 per cent decline from the previous year, in line with market expectations. ▪ Education products and services & smart medical operations have grown steadily and open platform operations have performed well.
The increase of 31.48 per cent in the same year was mainly due to the sustained increase in the sales of learning machines in education as a result of the extension of the supply-learning solutions programme and the sale of learning machines in the region, and to the realization of 100 million yuan in medical services, an increase of 34.21 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the further expansion of the use of the intellectual medicine assistant service in the first half of the year;
The Open Platform achieved revenue of $1,293 million, an increase of 131.70 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of the simultaneous increase in the quantity and quality of developers in the first half of 2021.
The company continues to push technology breakthroughs and applications to the ground around the criteria of “visible, visible application cases that can be scaled up, statistical data available to demonstrate the effectiveness of the application”, a focus on the main track, well-managed costs, and healthy core business development.

The annual report slightly oversaw the loss of a single office product for the third year in a row.
Over 2,000 units and enterprises have been covered cumulatively, and the efficiency of the conference offices has been significantly improved.
The "two-way" policy is expected to lead to a "lesson-the-shelf" and corporate smart education business through the power of artificial intelligence.
2021-01-21 The scale of the project further provides a sound policy and macro-level environment. 3, Science and Technology (002230): q3
Keeping up with high growth, growing up with a lot of bright spots
In addition, the “two-way-down” policy is expected to generate demand for artificial intelligence teaching products.