On 3 August 2021, the company issued an indicative notice about the planning of the listing of the controlling subsidiaries, and the company’s board of directors agreed to plan the listing of the controlling companies’ listing of the controlling companies.
After almost 12 months of the city’s maximum/minimum amount, the company will remain in control of Xin Fei’s medical care.
In 2016, the Angélégélégne Medical Information Technology Company ( "Search Medicine") was established to address the critical issue of health care as a vital area of the population, using artificial intelligence technology, and to integrate artificial intelligence technology with the medical profession in depth and to empower the medical service.
Emphasis will be placed on strengthening the capacity and service of doctors, especially those at the grass-roots level, by building an artificial intelligence system, cutting deep into the doctor's clinical diagnostic process, providing assistance in comparing company prices with trends of 300 degrees.
As a result, it is becoming increasingly commercial in scale.
In 2017, over 456 points were obtained, exceeding 96.3% of the total number of human candidates. At present, mental health assistants have been regularly used in primary health-care facilities in over 200 districts of the country, providing more than 400,000 supplementary diagnostics per day.
The system of mental health assistants is located in primary health-care units, which perform two main functions. First, it helps doctors to regulate the writing of electronic medical records through a variety of modes of recording, such as voice, templates, and medical intelligence.
Electronic medical records are at the heart of data connectivity within and outside hospitals, and intelligence assistants help to improve the system of electronic medical records at the grass-roots level, helping to speed up the process of medical informatization.
The mental health assistant has a real and visible application and helps the primary hospital with a graded diagnosis.
The Provincial Commission has engaged an authoritative team of experts to evaluate the system of paramedical intelligence, and in the pilot area the recommendations for machine diagnostics of the Hua'an Securities _ Computer Industry _ In-depth report _ are to be determined by the expert as to whether or not they are consistent with the results of the basic medical diagnosis.
The consistency of basic doctors with machine diagnostics has increased from 70% to 89%, i.e. the level of diagnosis of basic physicians.
There has been a significant increase in the number of medical assistants who have been recognized by more and more basic doctors. The experts have assessed that 8% of the remaining recommendations for diagnostics that have not been used in the remaining 2. Hua'an Securities _ Computer Industry _ Evaluation Report _ are accurate.
q3 shows bright performance, artificial intelligence, but it is not accepted by the basic physician, and only 3% of medical history machine diagnostics are not accurate.
The diagnostic accuracy of the diagnosis is 97 per cent higher than that of the general practitioner. Therefore, we, the Huaanian Securities - Computer Industry - Report of the Evaluation - find that the products of the intellectual assistant are well suited to the current trend of graded consultations, and that the primary hospital is looking at the most common diseases.
Quest: q1 has high income growth, the i-dimension is a huge market, and it is hoped to open up a new growth curve for the company, the 10 billion-dollar market for intellectual medical assistants, and the space for intelligent medical care is vast.
It is clear that the main focus is on consolidated procurement by the health sector at the district and district levels. According to the order of the tender network, we believe that the size of the projects in the individual districts is around $4 million. There are currently 2,845 district administrative districts across the country.
113.80 billion dollars is a huge market of 10 billion dollars. In 2020, the amount of corporate income from smart medicine was close to 70 billion dollars. On the other hand, the current size of our healthcare information industry is only 0.5 per cent of hospital income. There is still a ten-fold gap between the United States and the future space for intelligent medicine.
The vast, tele-medics will not be limited to the products of their intellectual assistants, but will be able to divide the larger market and open up a new growth curve for the company, with a sword in the hundreds of billions of dollars. In our view, they will be able to take full advantage of the capital market to promote intelligent medicine.
At the 2021 investor exchange, the president outlined the company’s vision for the future of hundreds of billions of dollars, in which the medical, digital, judicial, etc. are expected to account for a third of the revenue. We believe that intelligent medical work will be a follow-up to education.
After that, a new growth curve for the company will become an important part of the company’s hundreds of billions of revenues. Thus, this break-up will give new impetus to the telecoms and medical business, and will boost the business. The company is at the stage of artificial intelligence strategy 2.0, gradually forming the “data-calculation-product” loop.
Looking to move away from a project-based, customized business model and move to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve an artificial intelligence technology-scale commercialization. Current trends in corporate education have been shown in terms of winning high-value orders, standardization, and sustainability, and are expected to continue to grow rapidly.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
4. The firm’s preponderance has been reduced by increasing competition in the industry. Contacts: Shayuan, Applied Mathematics History of the University, five years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment and foreign portfolio research sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.