On 9 February, the company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hua Weibo, and Chong Xing Siyong would enter into an equity trading contract.
The company's fully-owned subsidiary, Hua Weiwei, and Chong Xing Siyong are going to sign an equity transaction contract, which will buy Qing Xiyong Chong's share of 941 million yuan (the division of Chong Qinghua logo). Chong Qing Wei will collect $1,002 million in January-September 2020, and he will collect the sum of Qing Weihua in the third quarter of 2020.
20,49% net return to the mother, $196 million, or 28.53% of the net return to the mother in the first three quarters of 2020. Assuming that 20q4 Qing and China net profit is consistent with 20q3, the net profit from the year 2020 is expected to be $269 million, or only 11 times the equivalent.
\triangleright, according to stock book data, in 2018 the company produced about 2.47 million pieces of tin without a 6-inch line per year, without a tin.
8 inch line capacity is about 730,000, 1 8 inch line capacity is about 600,000, and Chongqing is responsible for 22% of the company’s total capacity (equivalent to 8 inches) and 45% of its 8 inch capacity. According to the company’s announcement, the company and Chongqing Xiyong are planning to jointly develop a 12 inch crystalline production line project in the future, using the 90nm process, primarily for use in the 90nm process.
Hundreds of millions of dollars will be added to the power semiconductor containment base in Chongqing Siyong Emblem, further upgrading the technology and manufacturing capabilities of the containment testing process. It is expected that, as the next two projects become operational, the company’s semiconductor capacity will be further expanded and advanced containment capabilities enhanced.
\triangleright is the domestic power semiconductor idm, the main power semiconductor product and the crystal circle. 5g, new energy,
Emerging industries, such as the Internet, have led to a rapid rise in demand for semiconductor products, a tight supply of and demand for crystal-round industrial output, a pattern of industries with strong demand-full production-suffering orders-low stocks, a build-up of companies ' future production and expansion of production, with the promise of fully benefiting from the high-growth cycle of the semiconductor industry and achieving a full price rise.
For the first time, the Schenjiang semiconductor index is 93 times higher, taking into account the climate cycle of the power semiconductor, as well as the company’s ability to expand and its position as the leader of the domestic power idm, with a “recommended” rating to be maintained. The industry’s outlook is not as good as expected: R & D progress is not as good as expected: production is not as high as expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party's approval or influence.