National gold foliage urities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The company announced that the fully-owned subsidiary, Hua Wei Wei, would purchase the shares of Chong Qing Xing Wei Wen, which is owned by Chong Xing Wei, to boost the company's performance: Chong Qing Wei owns a treaty of 600,000 pieces/year.
According to the company's announcement, Chongqing's net assets at the end of the third quarter of 2020 were $2.00 billion, and the purchase was about 1.52 times the pb.
In 2009, most of the machinery and equipment was depreciated, and the value of the purchase was significantly lower than the industry comparable. Conservative assumption is that Chong Qing Hua Wei will have a profit equal to three quarters in the fourth quarter of 2020, a profit equal to 2021 in 2020, regardless of the change in financial costs, and that Chong Qing will have a net profit of about 270 million in 2020.
1. The China Rainstone Annual Report forecast - performance is in line with the forecast, and this acquisition will increase the company ' s net profits by about $130 million.
The takeover validated the advantage of the “in vitro investment, later acquisition” model: the heavy asset attributes of the crystal-crystal manufacturing industry made it difficult to make a profit in the early stages of production because of the depreciation of high equipment and the slow upturning of production capacity. The Division is now planning with Chongqing Siyong to build a medium- and high-power semiconductor manufacturing product of 30,000 metres per month.
A similar model is expected for the 12-inch line and the 8-inch line in Chongqing, which can significantly reduce the pressure on companies to earn money in the early stages of production, and help companies to transform their “integrated” product companies.
4. "As a result of growing equity gains in China Yunhe 2020, we revised the company ' s profit projections for 2021 and 2022 to the risk of a new global crown epidemic: the risk of technological backwardness in corporate products: a high volatility in the valuation of innovation panels.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market was then averaged to produce the final rating as average market investment