Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment. Power semiconductor supply and demand are tight. The idm tap benefits significantly.
After receiving a short shock in the first half of 2020, industry has been on the rise since the second half of 2020. To benefit from the multiple demands of 5g, iot, new-energy cars, home economy, etc., all the big crystals and sealers not only have full capacity, longer delivery time, and more prices.
In 2021, the global semiconductor will continue to grow as the 5g penetration rate rises, demand for data centres rises, and emerging needs such as 10t and ai improve. Power semiconductor total equity/flow (millions of shares) will continue to grow.
As an important area of breakdown in integrated circuits, there are benefits to be gained simultaneously. Productions are great, and the idm+foundry model benefits significantly. In this semiconductor climate cycle, 72.95/32.38
The availability of adequate production security has become an important factor in the re-entry of semiconductor industries into the steps. With decades of growth, HPR has developed a model of complementary development of its own products, idm + Crystal Circle, which can benefit significantly from capacity utilization.
In the case of motor power semiconductors, the replacement of a fuel vehicle by a new source vehicle brings with it a significant increase in the value of a power semiconductor.
The core structure of the conventional fuel vehicle, engines, gear tanks, etc., has been replaced by the battery + power + semiconductor module. The value of the new energy vehicle semiconductor will be twice as high as that of the conventional vehicle, while the power semiconductor ratio will be raised from 20% to almost 50%.
With the opening of markets in this area and the successful expansion of public research and development, it is expected that high-end products such as auto-cancer moss, nitrified silicon, etc., will occupy a place in the automobile power semiconductor market, based on deep-farming traditional consumption, industrial control power semiconductors and also active deployment of high-end products such as car collars.
As you know, the idm model also has typical capital-intensive properties, and in order to maintain a sustained competition across the industry, larger capital spending is inevitable. For example, power generation is designed to meet 5g, hpc, etc.
Similarly, in response to the demand for power semiconductors from emerging markets, such as auto electrons, new infrastructure, and the Internet, HCN has been raising funds twice since 2020 for "8."
The supply and demand of power semiconductors is tight, and the idm taps benefit significantly from the inch high-end sensors and power semiconductors project, “Research and development for forward-looking technology and product upgrading”, “Focus semiconductor containment bases,” etc.
The size and industry-wide competitiveness will increase significantly. In the current situation, where the power of semiconductor production is tight, pricing is in the hands of a small number of productive firms, and HCN is used as a scarce domestic double-wheel engine for the country’s faundry+idm.
And second, from global power semiconductor champions, the Idm model is more conducive to product overlaps, process controls, and the co-development of customer channels. Hua Yumeo is the leader of the domestic power semiconductor Idm model, regardless of the product type.
Artistic platforms are still highly productive, and after raising funds in 2020, nearly 10 billion more have achieved net return profits of $952 million, 1,346 million and 1,563 million, with the current market value corresponding to p1) higher than expected global epidemic; 2) under-research and development of product processes; and 3) under-resourcing projects.
Profit projections and financial indicators: power semiconductor supply and demand are tight, with significant benefits to the idm tap.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report