In the evening of 18 January 2021, Hua Yunwa issued an annual performance advance announcement for 2020.
q4 performed as expected, with full orders contributing to higher profits. Company q4 seasons met the net return \triangleright market expectations. Thanks to the high profile of the semiconductor industry, the company was full of orders and the whole.
Higher capacity utilization, higher revenue and Māori ratios, and higher net profit returns for the parent, although the company partially charged in the fourth quarter of 2020, have increased significantly. Shortfalls have been the best and company performance has been increasing.
The inch circle production capacity continues to be strained, triggering demand for power management ic, power semiconductors, and so on. The company, as the country’s idm leader, has an external crystal manufacturing and sealing operation, making third for the first and third generation of domestic power devices. The company currently owns 3 6 inches and 2 inches.
8-inch crystal circle manufacturing line, with a total capacity of about 2.47 million tablets/year, 8-inch capacity of about 1.33 million tablets/year, and a boost to Chongqing 12-inch line, with a clear output advantage. Moreover, public prices and, according to industry chain research, prices of companies for foreign workers have increased.
With the accumulation of silicon crystallines, the company now owns the first 6-inch commercial sic crystalline production line in the country, and it is official.
Production of 1,200 v and 650v industrial-grade sicschottsky diodes with a planned capacity of 1,000 units per month at this stage. And as sic diodes move to industrialization, the focus of R & D will shift to sic mosfet, and it is expected that this year the samples will be marketed in 2021, focusing on industrial controls and automobiles.
In addition, the company is actively developing silicgan using the advantage of the idm, and the gan production line is expected to break by 2021.
Production Substitution Steady Forwards 20210106 Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: The Company is a domestic power idm leader, with mosfet, credit.
The short-term benefits of products such as mic, mcu and foreign surrogate manufacturing operations from the industry's demand-side trend of “new infrastructure”, new energy motor development” 20200503, with significant growth in performance, long-term demand for 5g, new energy vehicles, etc., and firm forward-looking plans
A third generation of semiconductor devices and 12 inches of production will be opened in the same space. We'll have a net return of $967 million, $1,505 million and $1,845 million, respectively, for the Eps Sindh Securities.
Figure 1: Net profit performance (millions of dollars)
Figure 2: Performance of the net profit margin for non-mortality (millions of yuan) of the China lube emblem (millions) Figure 3: Performance of the China lubricant and profit margin (millions) Figure 4: Performance of the Chinese lubricant profit margin (millions)
Figure 5: Cost rates for the duration of the Hua Yui logo, Figure 6: Cost of the development of the Hua Yui emblem (millions of dollars) Figure 7: Cash flow from the collection and operation of the Hua Yui camp (millions of dollars)
Figure 8: Net profit and operating cash flows from China Yuu (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Inventory of Hua Yui (billions) Figure 10: Accounts receivable from Hua Yui (billions)
The Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been a leading researcher for almost five years in the semiconductor industry, has had experience with foreign companies such as Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor business incubation platform ic coffee, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early times.
Name; Crystalball 2/3 in 18/19; Gold Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19; Wuhan University Master ' s degree in 2018; South-West Securities in 2020; Sinda Securities in 2020; Semiconductor Products in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences; and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering the consumer electronics chain.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.