Performance increased significantly, yielding a high yield of semiconductor power, orders were saturated, product structure was optimized and firm performance increased significantly. In 2020, the company achieved a revenue of $6,977 million, an increase of 21.49 per cent, and a net gain of $960 million for the mother, an increase of the same value.
The net non-mortality gain of $249 million, an increase of 236.49 per cent, and a decline of 2.73 per cent. This is mainly due to the fact that company orders were fully available during the reporting period, high capacity utilization was achieved, product structure was optimized, leading to growth in revenue and Maori rates.
\triangleright had announced that the fully-owned company, Hua Wei Wei, was planning to acquire Chongqing Weihua (47.31% of Chong Qing Wei) shares held by Chong Xiyong at $1.44 billion, and that Chong Qing Hua Wei will become the company after the transaction is completed
In the first three quarters of 2020, Chong Qing Hua Wei achieved a recovery of RMB 1,002 million/NZM of $196 million, representing 20.49%/28.53% of the company. Assuming that the 20q4 KWN is consistent with 20q3, the domestic power semiconductor's idm tap is expected to yield a full increase in the value of the high-profile weather cycle.
The \triangleright company is a domestic power semiconductor idm tap, a major power semiconductor product and a crystal circle industry.
The industry has shown a pattern of strong demand - full capacity - full orders - low stocks, adding to the company’s future expansion of capacity, and is expected to benefit fully from the high-growth cycle of the semiconductor industry and achieve a full rise in volume prices. Multiplier. The current Schen-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han.
The industry is not as good as expected: R & D progress is not as good as expected: capacity climbs are not as good as expected.
The company's financial statement projections are summarized. Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, worked for the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,