Business equity indexes (601377ch) Reported mid-2022: self-employment improved in the second quarter, with a sharp fall in the net profits of the semi-annual parent as compared to the first quarter of the year 2q22resultsimproved significantly
Investment Focus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Investment highlights: two-quarter improvements in self-employment, booms and losses, low equity markets
The impact of the discipline business has been high, the investment industry has performed well, and equity holdings have grown rapidly. Target [incidents] Employer securities issued semi-annual performance in 2022: $4.95 billion in operating income. Brokering/investment/capitalization/interest/self-employment gains received in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2022, corporate brokerage generated $1.430 billion, or 10.5 per cent, of business income, 28.8 per cent, the number of high-value agency brokers and the number of agency brokers.
The second-tier market continued to decline, with the market share of the corporate-based trading stock running at $480 million, or 22.7 per cent, of the equity portfolio in the first half of the year, and the same size as +90.4 per cent, and the same size as -3.7 per cent.
19; of these, corporate debt, financial debt, abs under cover of $26.3 billion and 10 billion, respectively; 2 North Bank posts, 7 Science and Technology Boards and 4 Enterprise Boards; and all efforts to promote the marketing of large aggregates of products, with a steady increase in the size of asset management.
In the first half of the year, the management income was $70 million, or 40.5% of the total. In parallel with the consolidation of the bottom asset size of the “receiving plus” fund, the management of the capital was working hard to promote the marketing and operation of large aggregate products. The asset management volume was $61.7 billion, compared to +2.9% at the beginning of the year.
The results have been remarkable, with the preparation of the qdii operation progressing steadily, and the public fund-raising reits is well placed. The Global Fund is managed at $682.5 billion, +1.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
Net loss (including fair value) of $200 million, a gain/loss of the same year; second-quarter investment return (including fair value) of $1.03 billion, a gain of +24.3 per cent, a gain of the ring. By optimizing warehouse variety, balancing industry configuration, reducing volatility; and broadening research coverage
Surround, keep the business running smoothly.