We've made a record profit, and the connector's head is on the move.
Events: Companies published their annual report for 2020, companies started operating in January-December 2020. Science, technology and innovation continued to increase their investment in research and development during the reporting period, amounting to 963 million yuan in 2020, up from the same period in the previous year.
During the reporting period, companies made every effort to secure complementary delivery in the field of defence, focusing on large-scale land-based amphibious aircraft, ag600 flying at sea and becoming a company of the country’s first-ever entry merchants to the list of qualified suppliers.
Connector suppliers; key technologies such as high-speed transmission, deep water sealing and so forth are at a higher level than shoulder-to- shoulder international, with a significant increase in core process capabilities, such as contours and microassemblies, and the automatic use of new energy exchange charged products
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has been successfully developed to achieve industry excellence in the same type of automatic assembly technology, complete the re-engineering of the turn-over operations and develop the parent affiliates in concert.
Reorganization of the operation at a cost of $69,690.0 million in an assessment of the assets of Luoyang's main branch.
The cycle, the re-engineering of block valuations, will be followed by the industrial investment fund (limited partnerships) and the Gyanhua billion proposed Stakeholder Platform, respectively.
The core competitiveness of our business. With our investment in the orbital transport sector increasing, the number of rail miles will continue to rise, while the increase in the domestic production rate of high-iron cars will lead to an increase in the demand for components such as upstream domestic production connectors, and the company’s profitability is expected to increase.
The profits are high and the connector's lead is steady.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report