The company's military connections will continue to grow faster. The company is in the military.
The company grew better in the defense market in 2020, with a share of more than 50%. For the benefit of the 14th Five-Year China Defense Building, and the Army's ability to fight in the fields of informatization and intelligence, the company's defence market orders will remain fast.
We believe that growth in the defense sector is an important driver of rapid growth during the company’s “14th Five-Year” period. In the company’s deep-farming civil connectors, the downstream industry’s landscape will drive company-related business growth.
We believe that, in the area of smart cars, with the continued improvement of auto-drive technology, new energy vehicles are moving toward the new species of smart cars. The area of telecommunications electronics is accompanied by the construction of 5g, and the development of the physical-networked industrial chain is conducive to corporate business growth.
Companies have always focused on “domestic mainstream, international-class” customers, deepening the business layout, consolidating and expanding markets, and increasing the popularity of industries like downstream smart cars, telecommunications, etc. Companies have been active in building new patterns of industry and creating new markets.
The basic strategy of the Global Outreach Strategy is to accelerate the internationalization of blocs, restructure their operations, “mixing” the billions of dollars and create a new platform for their operations; to plan for the construction of a South China industrial base, taking into account the opportunities for the development of the electronics industry, such as 5g, data centres, and the full integration of clients into the industry chain; and to actively promote the overseas layout.
In 2020, the company actually earned $10,305 million, an increase of 12.52% over the previous year, and achieved a net return of $1,439 million to the mother, an increase of the same amount.
Wang's motto is good, with full hand orders, income and profits kept growing faster. Investment proposal: first-time coverage of “buy-in.” The company is the core of the military and high-end interconnection technology solution in a stock market.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants obtain the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.