The repurchase program highlights the company's long-term development confidence.
Incident: On May 15, 2023, the company issued a repurchase program, which will buy back its shares for the employee holding scheme with its own funds through a centralized competitive exchange, for a total amount of not less than $600 million, up to the amount of the repurchase for the employee holding scheme, and will highlight the company ' s long-term development of confidence.
The total amount of funds is not less than RMB 600 million, not more than RMB 1.2 billion, the maximum buy-back price is 150 per cent of the average value of shares traded in the first 30 trading days, and the price of the buy-back is not more than RMB Research Assistant: Shishio
The share buy-back is intended to be used in the employee holding scheme, which will allow for a deeper integration of employee interests with corporate interests, and a full mobilization of employee motivation. The stock buy-back program also highlights the firm’s confidence in its own future development and enhances the capital market’s long-term impact on the company.
The company’s performance is at a turning point, and the company’s revenue is gradually released. In the first quarter of 2023, the company was selected for 22 varieties, and the bulk of the bulk of the generics sold at a high sales level was largely covered.
The impact has been a gradual process of clean-up, continued progress in the clinical and commercialization of innovative medicines, and the company’s first quarter performance has recovered by actively developing innovative pharmaceutical operations and steadily advancing the process of internationalization.
Autonomous research and development of innovative medicines and 8 new drugs are in the review phase, with a minimum price in December for new drug research and development pipelines and 63 research entries from companies at the annual meeting of the American Clinical Oncology Society (Asco) in June of the year
Selected, including 2 oral reports, 1 tabloid discussion, 34 newspaper articles and 27 line items, related to 11 anti-cancer products, and the results covered eight areas of treatment of tumours, including urinary neoplasms, melanomas, cervical tumours, digestive tract neoplasms, breast cancer, lung cancer, gynaecology tumours and blood tumours.
In the future, companies will expand their research and development frontiers abroad through self-research, cooperation, licensing, etc., with a rich product structure and strong R & D capacity, the impact of clustering on the performance of companies has gradually been cleared up, the performance of companies is at a turning point in the quarter, and future performance is expected to return to steady growth.
Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable to use a study that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable to use our Division’s various categories of investors who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.