On April 23, the company published its annual report for 2017, which achieved business income of 2,057 million yuan, and the company's performance was in line with expectations, with a view to sustained capacity development.
In 2017, the company achieved operating income of 2,057 million yuan, attributed to the net profit of shareholders in the listed company, which fell by 23.11 per cent in the same year, and the company's performance was in line with previous expectations.
The company, as an electrolyte leader, has a high degree of upstream and downstream integration, good cost control, and a high level of Maori. The company received $637 million in solar materials and special chemicals, an increase of 21.32 per cent compared to 25.07 per cent.
The seven percentage points decrease last year was mainly due to a significant increase in the prices of upstream raw materials. The net cash flow from fund-raising activities during the reporting period increased by $694 million over the same period, mainly in the form of non-public fund-raising during the reporting period for the production of new and additional lithium cell materials such as lithium salt, lithium hexafluorate and iron phosphate.
Mobilize capital, companies actively use capital market platforms to accelerate corporate growth.  Expand nickel sulphate capacity, actively layout battery material platforms.
It is proposed to build a project with an annual output of 150,000 tons of lithium, of which 50,000 tons of battery-grade nickel production is planned for the first phase of the project, which is in line with the current trend of high nickelization at $3. The demand for nickel sulphate in the domestic power sector is expected to continue to grow and will be accurate once the project is completed in a year.
The new energy potential of the industry will continue to benefit from the new energy platform of the company's lithium battery base by increasing the competitiveness of company products in the market demand for connection to the market.
The threshold for subsidies in the source car industry has been raised to include battery energy density as one of the subsidy criteria, the trio material has an advantage in energy density, and the trend is more definite in the long run, but the phosphate lithium has an advantage in safety and cost, and the company will have a long-term, profitable ability to configure the phosphate lithium and triomaterials.
New-energy cars are not as popular as expected, macroeconomic fluctuations, trade friction between China and the United States.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic is based on the author's professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed by any third party or