The year's review of Tian Chi material (002709), short-term performance pressure, long-term Lithium closed ring potential, great red.
▪ Increase in non-recurrent gains and losses in four quarters, affecting single-season profits: in a single quarter, operating revenue of 524 million was realized in four quarters, an increase of 6.6 per cent over the same period and a decline of 12.5 per cent in the ring; net return profit was realized of 2,689 million, loss of asset impairment, loss of goodwill of the closed Toshio plant, loss of value of middle-class Trillium goodwill, bad accounting benchmark
With the impact of $390 million, net profits of the company amounting to 126.6-31.85 million, compared to the same year, the growth of the business is worth a lot of money next year.
During the second half of the year, electrolyte was released, turned 3. High performance growth, doubling production capacity and new business expansion are expected.
▪ We expect nearly 50% of the company's electrolytic fluid output to increase in 17 years, but the price of hexafluoride has fallen. The company's electrolytic fluid received 1.34 billion in 2017, an increase of 9.6% in the same year and a Māori rate of 38.85%, a decline of 4.8 percentage points in the same year.
From the industry, the price of the 18th quarter electrolyte was about 10% lower than in the 4th quarter, the three metalytes stabilized at 40,000 +/t, and the phosphate lithium electrolyte 30,000 +/t. We expect the company to have a firm price for the triolyte in the first quarter of the second quarter, while the company was at the bottom.
We still have the catl main supply status, and the chain of orders continues to rise over the quarter. We expect the company to deliver more than 450,000 tons of electrolyte throughout the year, a 50 per cent increase, targeting large domestic customers (catl+ high-level, etc.) while expanding its overseas customers, such as lig.
The 17-year increase in the price of raw materials, the decline in the Māori rate, which has now recovered, and the annual recovery of the company ' s solar product has remained at about 30%, and the Māori rate continues to rise, with a projected recovery in the 18-year net profit.
Extended account period + increased capital expenditure: at the end of the reporting period, the company ' s inventory stood at $330 million, an increase of 78 per cent from the beginning of the year, partly due to Jiang Si-ede and Chi-zhou co-financing. At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s accounts receivable amounted to $680 million, an increase of 54 per cent from the beginning of the year and a turnover of 119 days. At the end of the reporting period, the amount received in advance amounted to $14 million.
In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations was -79 million yuan and the net cash flow was -490 million dollars; as a result, the size of the company ' s financing was increased, with a net cash flow of 690 million at the end of the period. The balance of short-term corporate borrowing at the end of the reporting period was 220 million yuan, up from the beginning of the year.
146 per cent of the increase in size, with the company ' s cash on hand at the end of the period being $320 million, an increase of 63 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.  The initial closure of the company ' s lithium electric material, with upstream raw materials and positive materials progressing well: the Ministry of Finance is taking over Xijiang mines, the marketing of lithium concentrate mining operations, and an original mineral purchase agreement has been signed, and we anticipate that
However, it still holds an indirect share of 41.98 per cent of Xijiang and will release 0.8 million lithium carbonate and 0.8 million lithium hydroxide production capacity; while the company is involved in lithium production, with 10,000 tons of carbonic acid and lithium processing capacity, we conclude that lithium carbonate is still more than 150,000 tons in the first half of the year and remains viable.
Corporate development confidence: We believe that in 2019, the company’s performance is expected to increase considerably: one is electricity, the liquid is shuffled through 18 years of price reduction, profits are at the bottom, corporate leadership is established, shares are raised,
We expect a total of 65,000 tons of electrolytic fluid from the company in 19 years, with a net profit of 300 million; a net profit of 200-300 million from the company ' s choice of minerals; a steady growth in the company ' s daily operations, with a net profit of 100 million; and a net profit from the company ' s recycling industry.
The company’s electrolytic fluids were not delivered as expected, and the prices of the electrolytes and lithium hexafluoride fell far short of expectations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.