In 2023, six of the company's companies were located within the company's territory.
The total electricity generated by the ladder power station was approximately 276,263 million kWh, an increase of 5.34 per cent over the same period, of which the Utun s034052200501 d/Ronk Beach/River/Daw/Dam/Three Gorges/Geco Dams respectively completed the generation of electricity.
349.14/573.24/311.32/80271/17688 million kilowatt-hours, respectively, were fully operational in the same year as the year of the change, with the increase in the amount of electricity generated by the auxiliary company, the increase in the volume of hydropower operations contributed to the growth of the company ' s performance.
The main figure was 4.29 per cent higher on 22 May 2024. The volume of utilities contributed to the growth of company performance. The net interest rate level of companies was largely driven by significant increases in financial costs.
With the increase in the size of the interest-bearing liability and the corresponding increase in interest charges; (2) in 2023, the first full year of the post-partum period for the power plant at the White Crane Beach, the cost of interest expenditure increased by the same amount. The combined use of water resources has reached an all-time high.
In 2023, for the first time, the target water level for the three gorges was raised to 150 metres in front of the stubble, and the elevator station increased its capacity by saving the year.
One hundred and thirty million kilowatt hours; the Utunde reservoir first held 975 metres of normal water storage, and the escalator head, 20 times, 19 times and 18 times, respectively, to maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.In the study, “positive” investors are suitable only for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of our division's various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.