2023 & 2024: Performance meets expectations, Keyword: #Performance meets expectations 14.81%) and meets expectations. Companies achieved business income of $15,641 million in the first quarter of 2024, same as
The total electricity generated by the company’s six ladder stations is approximately 52,747 million kilowatt-hours, at the same speed as the previous year, mainly due to a decrease of $296 million in financial costs and an increase in investment earnings of $322 million.  Encouragement of market-based transactions & increased water storage, with companies expected to increase their prices. 1) Water storage, 6-bureau connections, etc.
The annual water storage mission, with a total capacity of 41 billion cubic metres and a capacity of 33.8 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh); the escalator, with an increase of more than 16 billion cubic metres (m3) and more than 9 billion kilowatt-hours (36 per cent) in capacity, guaranteed the capacity to generate electricity during spring 2024.
The upgrade of the stairwell power station from four to six coffers further improves the efficiency of water use, adding 12.13 billion kWh of power generation in 2023, while the six coffers continue to function, leading to an increase in public power generation. National policy encourages further increases in marketization and access to electricity prices.
The company’s electricity prices are based on contracts and national policies; the Goji dam is priced with additional costs; the tri-gorges, brooks and dams are priced inverted, with a share of the electricity supplied to the dam being marketed. The newly integrated black and white hydroelectric plants were marketed in 2023.
Prices dominate. In 2023, the share of electricity traded marketed by companies rose to 37.76 per cent (2022).
"The water is dying, the water is expected to improve, the Yangtze Power (6009000) is filled with sour whites, and there is a lot of profit to be expected."
1.2023 Leather and high profit growth, 2024 quarter improvement in financial costs of water dehydration, 2023 increase in profits, and 2024 improvement in financial costs of water dehydration. In 2023, the company substantially outpaced income growth by $296 million, mainly due to a decrease in financial costs and an increase in investment returns of $322 million
The company operates six hydroelectric plants, namely Utund, White Crane Beach, River Rover, to dams, tri-gorges, and the Gojia Dam, which provide a sustainable supply of high-quality, stable and reliable clean energy to society. In 2023, the six river basin ladder stations within the company generated 276,263 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, an increase of 5.34 per cent over the same period;
This compares with an increase of $11.56/mWh. In the first quarter of 2024, the total amount of water coming from the Utungde reservoir in the upper Yangtze River was about 449 million cubic metres, a decrease of 7.71 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; the total amount of water coming from the three gorge reservoirs was about 49,767 million cubic metres; and the amount of electricity generated was about 52,747 million kilowatt hours, a decrease of 5.13 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.
The increase in financial costs is due mainly to the increase in the size of the interest-bearing liability of the company, the corresponding increase in interest costs during the reporting period, and the increase in the cost of interest-costing for the first full post-partum year for the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant during the reporting period.
Net operating cash flows increased significantly by 109.36 per cent to $64,719 million. 1) Cash from corporate activities decreased by 98.67 per cent in 2023, mainly as a result of payments made during the reporting period to pay and purchase the equity transactions of Yunchuan Corporation.
The share of electricity traded in the hydropower market has continued to rise, raising the share of electricity traded by companies to 37.76 per cent in 2023. My country currently has four main pricing models for electricity and water, namely, cost increases, price of poles, inverted electricity prices and market-based pricing.
61), explicitly encouraging the establishment of electricity and water prices through competition, and increasing electricity consumption on the market in recent years. In 2021, in documents such as the Circular on Further Deepening the Market-based Reform of Electricity Prices for Coal-Firing Power Generation, the Commission made it clear that power market construction needs to be fully accelerated and adapted to the needs of business users, and that policies and rules for electricity market transactions will be followed in the future.
Further improvements will make electricity prices more reflective of the scarcity of supply and resources. As a low-cost, high-quality source of clean energy, hydropower will show a strong competitive advantage in the electricity market.
In 2023, the newly integrated U-White hydroelectric power plant became market-based; the white crane beach was fully marketed after the transition period (2022), and the export price of electricity has been set. In 2023, public policy encouraged further increases in the share of marketized electricity, and companies are expected to continue to increase their prices on the Internet.
Water storage, six-storey concourses, resulting in the release of electricity. 1) Water storage completes: the company's six escalator reservoirs in the Yangtze River River completed their water storage mission in 2023, with a total capacity of 41 billion cubic metres and a capacity of 338 billion kilowatt hours; the stairway reservoirs increased their capacity by more than 16 billion cubic metres on an equal basis, and the capacity increased by more than 9 billion kilowatt hours, an increase of 36 per cent from the same period.
Power generation capacity during the dry spring 2024. 2) Six banks combined: the company ladder power station was upgraded from four to six pools, further increasing the efficiency of water use, adding 12.13 billion kWh in 2023, and six pools continued to play a role in generating electricity for the company.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals Low levels of water availability: Hydropower generation is highly dependent on water resources, and climate change, rainfall changes or other resulting water drops may have a significant impact on the capacity of hydropower plants and, in turn, on the company ' s operations.
Price volatility risk: company profitability is associated with electricity prices, policy regulation, supply-demand relationship and market competition factors will influence the price of electricity, which in turn will affect the company’s performance. Policy risk: National policy adjustments to clean and new energy sources may affect the company’s return expectations and investments
Market risk: With the development of new energy technologies, competition for clean energy such as solar and wind energy can influence the market share of hydropower.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.