\triangleright event: companies published annual reports for 2023 and quarterly reports for 2024 and achieved net return earnings of 27.239 billion yuan in 2023,
Liu Xiaoning \triangleright 2023 sustained water degeneration in the Yangtze river basin, with lower performance than anticipated at the beginning of the year, but with a doubling of net operating cash flows.
The value of the gold stream is significant. The Yangtze River basin has been suffering from a continuous water decomposition since 2023, with a total of 276.3 billion kWh of electricity generated by the company ' s six power stations, an increase of 5.34 per cent compared to the previous year, but considering that Utunde and White Crane Beach had not yet saved their water in 2022 and had not yet produced electricity, Liu Xiaoning
In the first quarter of 2024, the trend of water dehydration continued, but corporate performance grew in reverse, mainly due to lower financial costs and higher returns on investment. The Yangtze Valley experienced a fall in rainfall in the first quarter of 2024, with the company generating 5.13% less electricity in the first quarter of the year.
It is the reverse growth in net profit for mothers of about 350 million yuan, which is more than we had previously expected. Disbursing, the company’s financial costs in the first quarter are similar to those of hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 330 million yuan, an increase in absolute terms that is historically high, and is based on the full positive growth in the performance of participating companies, such as the country’s electricity-inputing, energy-inputing, coronary power, equity, etc.
As the macro/triangleright environment changes at home and abroad, we analyse the market’s repricing of risks as a central driving force for the next period of time.
From the perspective of the dcf model, the weight or marginal rise of the denominator leads to the re-engineering of the valuation system. In conjunction with the classic investment portfolio theory, regardless of how good a unit may be, the composition of a portfolio is better than the whole stock, so the price of a unit depends on its position in the portfolio. This leads to the concept of the confluence and the famous capm model.
During the process of reprising the market to the denominator, the discount rate for low-consortium assets (linked to macroeconomic weakness) is expected to continue to fall \triangleright. The revaluation of low-consortium assets is a necessary consequence of market balance and has nothing to do with market expectations for macroeconomics.
When the discount rate declines, the longer assets benefit, so we believe that the lower-cooperative and longer-term assets will continue to prevail for some time to come, while utilities are the crossroads of the two paths, and companies are expected to benefit fully as champions. Profit forecasting and ratings: with company data for the 2024-Quarterly, we maintain the company’s 2024-2026 net profit share.
Simple dcf valuations, where companies are expected to have freely available cash at $50 billion per year in the normal flow of water. During the long run, the value of the company's equity = $50 billion/5% = $1 trillion at the 5% discount rate. \triangleright \triangleright
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner, and no part of my remuneration is, or will be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific investment opinion or opinion in this report.