Accelerating growth of domestic operations, recovery of overseas operations, Méri Medical (300,760) 2021 and the first quarter 2022 20 April 2022
Wei Hongmei 20.19 per cent. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $694,310.9 million, up from the same period in the previous year.
In 2021, the company achieved 25,270 million yuan in revenue and maintained a good growth in performance. (1) The company's trust in life pressure in 2020 was high, but it benefited from the development of new medical infrastructure in the country, the resumption of purchases of some non-epidemiological-related products, the high-speed energy of new businesses such as aed and microsurgery, life information and support.
Operations continued to grow well in 2021. (2) In vitro diagnostic operations achieved a sustained recovery in the volume of surgery and a significant recovery in the consumption of conventional reagents, while benefiting from the higher end of the complex
Fluorescent V classification, full automatic end-of-life blood infusion, high-speed crp co-checking, bc-7500crp, a new explosive product, with a rapid increase in in vitro diagnostic operations. (3) Medical video operations are gradually restored, and ultrasound procurement activities are then restored to normal, and medical video operations are launched in 2021.
Roe (ttm) in the first quarter of 2022, the company's performance met expectations. In the first quarter of 2021, the overall situation remained stable, with routine hospital consultations and the company's business resumed, despite repeated localized epidemics in the country.
Normalization, in vitro diagnostics and medical images have continued to accelerate the breakthroughs in high-end markets in the country, adding up new domestic medical infrastructure, and good growth in corporate domestic operations. There has been a significant recovery in corporate routines in overseas markets, with North American markets benefiting from high-end developments.
On the profit side, in 2022, q1, the company actually returned to its mother ' s net profit of $2.1005 billion, an increase of 22.74 per cent over the same period; the profits grew faster than income, mainly because the growth in corporate operating income, which continued to grow on a scale that benefited the company, with net interest rates ranging from
The core strength of Murray is becoming more evident. (1) Strong R & D innovation capacity: in 2021, companies secured high R & D investment, invested 2,726 million yuan in R & D throughout the year, an increase of 30.08 per cent compared to the previous year, enriched products, and sustained technological diversity, especially in high-end products. (2) Advanced quality tubes.
In addition, the company has a manufacturing base totalling more than 300,000 square metres, meets the production needs of global sales, and introduces innovations in medical products (mpi).
(iii) The global system of deep coverage, marketing of professional services: as of 31 December 2021, there were 3,540 company marketing personnel, with branches in over 30 autonomous provinces and municipalities in the country; over 30 countries have subsidiaries abroad, and more than 190 countries and regions sell their products.
(v) Stable, professional management teams: companies have a stable core management team with an average age of less than 50 years, many of whom have spent more than 10 years in a number of Merrillian jobs and have accumulated wealth.
Empirical experience in research and development, marketing, production, management, mergers and acquisitions, etc., in the medical equipment industry, internationalization of transport investment proposals: companies are at the forefront of domestic medical equipment, with both innovation and brand power, with product volatility risks, business management risks, product research and development risks, etc.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.