Researchchand developmentcenter medical equipment has continued to grow faster, new foundation for medical care
On April 19th, 2022, the medical equipment was growing faster, and the new foundation of medical care was growing faster.
(a) The Murray Medical (300,760) incident: the company published 2021 and the first quarterly report 2022. $6,943 million in revenues in the first quarter of 2022, or 20.1 per cent of the year, resulting in a net profit of $2,105 million to the mother;
The performance of 2021 companies continued to grow faster throughout the year, benefiting from conventional demand recovery and new health infrastructure. The company achieved 25.27 billion yuan in revenue in 2021, an increase of 20.18 per cent. The company benefited from regular purchases of recovery and new medical infrastructure, which in 2021 was 37.3 per cent in the domestic market.
With the accelerated recovery of ultrasound conventional procurement and reagent consumption, the company’s medical imagery and the in vitro diagnostic line grew by 29.3 per cent and 27.1 per cent, respectively; and the company’s life information and support line was achieved at the 2020 high base, benefiting from the development of new infrastructure in the country.
Last month ' s increase or decrease (%), as profit and cost rates remained stable and the rate of increase was roughly the same as the rate of increase in the harvest \triangleright
Billion dollars, an increase of 20.1 per cent over the same period, continued breakthroughs in domestic high-end markets and new capital investments in health care have led to a rapid increase in corporate domestic revenue throughout the quarter: conventional overseas operations have fully recovered, with the North American city experiencing high growth as a result of major breakthroughs by high-end medical consortium clients.
Sioux, high-end r series ultrasound, the accelerated breakthrough of the vd operation in level III hospitals, which helped to achieve a high rate of growth in physical and medical imagery and in vitro diagnostic production lines during the first quarter of the year. In terms of profit, the net profit to the mother after deduction was 2,072 million yuan, an increase of 22.2% over the same period, taking into account the tax for the first quarter of 2021.
The impact of the lower rate and the impact of the equity incentive scheme in the first quarter of 2022, the company ' s profits increased in the first quarter, new products continued in the first quarter, and the company ' s future growth could be sustained.
Sinda Securities Inc. has a series of products and programmes of significant clinical value.
Classes, blood cell analysers of ISD, integrated with conventional biochemistry, ise, full glucose, a new-generation mestrochemical analysers, a blood cells solution for concentrated diluents, which functions in the 9th House of the City Front Street in Beijing, Beijing.
In the field of medical imagery, new equipment such as super-high-end flat panels (international), high-end colour solutions in basic medicine (international), professional ophthalmology (China), non-destructive-quantifiable liver supermeters (China, international). In the area of life information and support, adult life-saving respirators have been introduced.
New products such as (ce), Hansen, and suit punctures (China). As the company’s product lines continue to grow, the company’s performance will continue to grow.
\triangleright \triangleright Lee Yucta, team member, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Academy of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Used to work in Biomerier, Baker.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindash securities and was in charge of research on medical instruments. Steaming, a team member, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, worked in clinical coro, at ppcc. and Parexel, and in 2021 he joined the Credit Certificate, which was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, a member of the team, and a master's degree in biomedical engineering at Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sinda Securities in April 2022, which is responsible for the medical instruments and the components of the Chinese Pharmacy Board. Nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.