Medical (300,760) Medical biomedical devices have grown steadily throughout the year, and the domestic market for new medical infrastructure has expanded.
Incident: On the evening of 19 April 2022, the company released its annual report for 2021: the company ' s total revenue of $6.5868, to be awarded a gold dividend of $35 (including taxes) per 10 shares to all shareholders, of which $5.878 billion in operating income was realized in the fourth quarter of 2021, a year-on-year increase.
One million yuan, or 246 per cent more than the previous year. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to 2,902 million yuan, or 0.76 per cent more than the same year.
Medical imagery and in vitro diagnostics are leading the growth of new infrastructure accelerators for medical care in the country.
Review: release of draft employee holding plans, in terms of product dimensions: (1) Life Information and Support: achieving sales across the year 2021 and improving long-term incentives.
11,153 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.47 per cent in the same year, net of the good growth of the disease-related products (custody, call for life information and support services), mainly due to the expansion of large public hospitals in the country.
In addition to the progressive implementation of the new medical infrastructure, which is in the lead; the non-epidemiological period, which is contained by the epidemic, and the continuous improvement in operational efficiency, the related products recovered gradually during the reporting period, including seed industries such as aed and micro-surgery.
- 2021/10/20 High rate of growth achieved. (2) In vitro diagnosis: total sales revenue of $8.449 billion, an increase of 27.12 per cent over the year, with an increase of over 40 per cent after deducting anti-epidemic products (new crowns of chemical light).
Mid-year review: steady growth at a high base, test tests; increase in Māori ratio from 2.78 pct to 62.51% over the same period. Due to the continued recovery of routine consultations, medical examinations, and surgical operations worldwide, the consumption of conventional reagents has recovered significantly.
-2021/08/26 Also thanks to the fast-tracking of the new bc-7500crp, a combination of high-end fluorescence 5 classification, full automatic end-of-life blood samples and high-speed crp tests, the in vitro diagnostic operation is being reported.
A high rate of growth was achieved. For the first time, the company's blood cell business went beyond the import brand to the top of the country. (3) Medical images: sales revenue of $5,426 million a year, a year-on-year increase, medical examinations gradually resumed and ultrasound procurement activities returned to normal, and medical video operations were activated.
A high recovery growth was achieved during the reporting period.
It's the second largest in the country, with 37.34% more than 40% more than the same year, after deducting anti-epidemic products. The domestic market benefits mainly from the expansion of the market for new infrastructure and accelerated medical equipment, and the domestic market for medical equipment.
According to corporate statistics, by the end of 2021, the market space for new domestic medical infrastructure had exceeded $20 billion. (2) International operations: 100.10 billion yuan, or 0.96 per cent more than the previous year, was sold.
Over 35%. In Europe and emerging market countries in 2021, more than 700 high-end customers were able to break through, and more than 700 high-end customers had already made more product lateral breakthroughs: (1) the company was able to break some 130 new high-end customers in Europe (including high-end experiments).
There are about 250 horizontal product breakthroughs with high-end clients; 2 companies have broken over 600 fully new high-end customers in emerging city countries, and more than 450 horizontal product breakthroughs with high-end customers.
The first quarter of 2022: (1) regional dimensions, (1) routine clinical activities in hospitals and the company's operations have been restored to normality, and the breakthroughs in the country's high-end markets for in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery have continued to accelerate, while new medical infrastructure has continued to increase construction efforts, domestic markets, etc.
High-speed growth has been achieved. 2 Regular consultations overseas have been fully restored to pre-epidemiological levels, there has been a significant recovery in all routine operations, and the North American market has seen high-speed growth as a result of major breakthroughs by high-end medical consortium clients. 2 production lines, 1 global hospital routine.
The resumption of clinical activities has led to a rapid recovery in demand for the procurement of products such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry, chemical luminum, and rapid growth in the two main areas of operation, namely, medical imagery and in vitro diagnosis;2 benefiting from the accelerated development of new medical infrastructure in the country, as well as new and emerging industries such as aed and microsurgery.
High-speed power, life information and support operations have continued their positive growth. Sales rates have fallen by 1.35 pct to 15.83 per cent over the same year, management rates have increased by 0.11 pct to 4.38 per cent over the same year, research and development costs have increased by 1.10 pct to 9.99 per cent over the same year, and financial costs have increased by the same year.
Among them, the company continued to ensure high R & D investment, with research and development spending of $2.726 billion a year, up from the same figure, which was due to the combined M & A rate, the sales cost rate, the administrative cost rate, and the centralized transfer of part of the freight costs from the former “sale cost” to the “business cost” line in the fourth quarter of 2021:
2 The higher R & D cost rate is estimated to be due to the introduction of a new long-term cash incentive scheme in 2021 (which targets mainly R & D staff) and the introduction of a combined M & A rate in the first quarter of 2022, sales rates, management costs, R & D at the end of the year.
The impact of fluctuations is more pronounced in terms of overall net interest rate increases. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to earn separately in 2022-2023.
"Mary's medical evaluation report, Institute, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side."
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.