The annual and quarterly reports of the Medical Health Research Centre have grown steadily, and research and development innovation has contributed to development.
M.M.I.M. - Increased domestic medical investment continues to promote equipment-making enterprise development. 2021 New Capital for Health Care in the country. 1. The Equity Plan shows confidence and looks forward to the company’s long-term future.
In 2021, the company generated $11,153 million in life information and support products.
+11% (two years of compound growth + 33%). Businesses are growing steadily, with the epidemic fully powered by the three-quarters review of Méri Medical Services, and production lines are gradually recovering and corporate growth remains stable.
3. Hytest completes the cut, runs high-quality upstream, continues to invest in research and development innovation, and the products are constantly being upgraded. Company profits are almost equal throughout the year, and research and development inputs continue to grow, with R & D costs increasing by 35% in 2021.
The technology continues with the achievement of high-end product breakthroughs in a variety of areas, including high-end anesthesia machines, high-end chemical luminous radiance, national production replacement-Mary Medical Incident Reviews, analytics, bc-7500crp, high-end ultrasound systems, 4k ultra-highly emptied end-of-the-eye mirrors, etc.
Cash incentives go hand in hand with equity incentives to increase employee motivation. Companies focus on core staff and technical cadres.
The new set of policies is gradually emerging, and the leading state-owned enterprises are expected to benefit. Public hospital performance appraisals, drig/dip, centralized procurement, etc.
High-quality national producers of value-added products provide an opportunity to accelerate their access to public health-care facilities. In 2021, companies responded positively to the state-led procurement model, participating in such purchases as osteoporosis and in vitro diagnostic products, and eventually achieving good winning results, with the opportunity to rapidly expand their market share.
We keep looking at corporate innovation and long-term value. It is expected that the year 2022-2024 will be a net profit for the company, and that the product will not expand as much as expected; the health insurance policy risk; and the M & As will integrate risk management.
▪ The overall situation of the epidemic in the country remained stable in 2021, with routine hospital consultations and company activities gradually returning to normality, requiring routine diagnostic procurement such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry, chemical lighting, etc.
Recovering. Although the overseas epidemic is still ongoing, the number of regular consultations has largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels, thanks to a significant increase in corporate brand influence and visibility, and an accelerated recovery in international external diagnostic and medical imagery routines, leading to in vitro diagnostic operations and medicine.
The image business has grown at a high rate, and corporate growth has remained stable.  In the main business, the company’s life information and support product has generated $11,153 million, a year-on-year increase +29% (two years of compound growth + 16%). Market space for new medical infrastructure in the country in 2021
With more than $20 billion, Murray, as a national brand of medical equipment, has a strong competitive and well-developed whole-of-school solution that is better suited to the new infrastructure of medical care. Non-epidemiological-related products that have been contained by the epidemic are also recovering in 2021.
By region, domestic operations have achieved revenue of 15,259 million yuan, representing 60.4 per cent of total income, compared with +1 per cent. The three production lines and four high-potential businesses that companies have deployed correspond to international market space, with continuous investment in research and development innovations and product upgrading.
The company ' s combined Māori rate reached 65.01 per cent in 2021, with a net interest rate of 31.67 per cent year-round, a profit margin, a continuous technological succession, especially with respect to high-end products, including high-end anesthesia machines, high-end luminum analysers, bc-7500crp, high-end ultrasound systems, 4k ultra-clear eyeglass cameras
Systems, etc. The company has established a global resource-based research and development innovation platform, with 10 top R & D centres, with a total of 3,492 R & D engineers worldwide. The construction of the Wuhan Research Institute project in 2021 proceeded well, with the construction of the company ' s second largest R & D centre and the opening of the company ' s own.
The new set of policies is gradually emerging, and the leading state-owned enterprises are expected to benefit.  Implementation of a range of policies, such as performance appraisals, drig/dip, centralized procurement, etc., in public hospitals
The implementation of the new policy will help to improve the quality and efficiency of hospital services, make rational use of health-care funds, and reduce the burden on the population of access to health care.
▪ In 2021, the company responded positively to the country ' s procurement model by participating in centralized purchases organized by national and provincial coalitions, including osteoporosis and in vitro diagnosis, which resulted in good winning results, thus providing an opportunity for a rapid expansion of market share, which is expected to continue to benefit the country in the future.
Products are not expanding as much as expected: if the industry becomes more competitive or the core products of the company are less accepted in hospitals and patients, which leads to a slow roll-out of the product when it comes to the market, it may be on the firm’s list.
• Risks in health insurance policies: if some of the company’s products are included in future health insurance policies, such as volume purchases, it will be possible if the prices of the company’s products fall too sharply or the company fails to meet the product’s bid
▪ M & As integration management risks: companies that previously acquired upstream raw material companies, hytest, may have a negative impact on company performance if future regulatory consolidation processes are slow or business synergies are weak.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment