Murray Medical Care (300.760.ch): 2021 and 1q22 have performed well, and the recovery in new capital and conventional procurement has led to growth in line with market expectations. 4q21 net profit increases are due to the introduction of cash incentives for employees (approximately 200 million people).
The rate of R & D costs for 4q21 has slowed down, with 4.8 pcts rising on a year-on-year basis. 1q22 net maternal growth is robust, and 4q21 net maternal gains have slowed as a result of cash incentives.
The recovery in conventional procurement has remained high. 1q22 external diagnostics and medical images show a bright eye. 1q22 net profit/deductions are non-refundable to tens of thousands, excluding shares payments affecting 1q22 net gains by 26%.
Disruptions are bright, the in vitro diagnostic income has increased by more than 30 per cent over the same year, and the medical image income has increased by more than 40 per cent over the same year. Life information and support panels have slowed down, mainly as a result of the 1q21 high-level influence, and life information and support plates have increased by 40 per cent over the same period after the impact of the new crown product was removed.
The country's new infrastructure continues to work, and conventional purchases abroad are largely restored. 1q22 new capital-related revenues are about 1.7 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 70 per cent over the same period. The company expects that the new capital-related revenues will boost the company's operations to a certain degree and that they will still be recorded during the year.
At the overseas level, multi-country medical consultations and routine medical purchases have been resumed, and there are now about 700 cases of pre-epidemiological disease, and post-epidemiological companies are expected to continue to raise their market share through value-for-money and step-by-step local production strategies.
Long-term outlook for the capital, but more conservative than before, for the short-term thrust of the new capital; (ii) projected higher investment in Murray's R & D costs than we had previously expected, and we revised our revenue down by 2022-23e.
Life information and support: Revenues increased by 11 to 11 billion yuan on the same basis, with domestic operations growing by more than 40%, overseas earnings excluding new crowns and exchange rate effects from the same level of potential surgical operations growing at a high rate. Less new crown products (custodys, respirators, injection pumps)
(b) In vitro diagnosis: revenue increased by 27 to 8.4 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, with domestic vd growing by 35%.
A significant recovery in conventional reagent consumption; 2) bc7500crp shows a bright performance, with over a thousand units installed throughout the year, contributing $250 million in revenue. Less new coronary products (chemical light new coronary tester) impacting over 40 per cent growth in the income of the plate;
Medical images: Revenues increased by 29% to 5.4 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, with domestic operations growing by more than 25%. Block growth largely benefited from: 1) accelerated recovery of clinical activities and ultrasound conventional purchases worldwide; 2) sustained breakthroughs among high-end clients, both within and outside the country;
Domestic vs Overseas: domestic revenue grew by 37 to 15.3 billion yuan (60 per cent of income) on a year-on-year basis, benefiting mainly from new medical infrastructure and conventional procurement recovery; overseas income recovered by a year-on-year recovery, with 4q21 overseas income growing by 15.9 per cent, excluding the impact of new crown products and exchange rates.
The slowdown in overseas operations was mainly due to the impact of a high base of 1q21 (1q21 overseas earnings grew by more than 60 per cent, mainly due to the high build-up demand of Europe ' s negative pressure on icu and the increased demand for products such as plate-based internal monitors, respirators, etc. by emerging countries due to the epidemic); net of the impact of the new crown products, plate collection
The Chinese chemical luminous product grew by over 45 per cent; the explosive product bc-7500crp was fully automated blood thinner; the twin analysis sold more than 100 million dollars in 1q22 and installed more than 400 units; and mc-80 was fully self-propelled cell morphology analyser, bs-2800m fully automated biochemistry analyser, cl-8000i
(b) Medical images: incomes grew by more than 35 per cent over the year, with domestic growth rates of about 50 per cent, overseas operations of about 1q21, European income falling on a high base of 1q21 and North America ' s income growth rates of 30 per cent over the same year;
The elimination of new crown products and exchange rates affected 1q22 overseas earnings by more than 35%.
In the broader context of the epidemic, which has led to greater economic uncertainty, hospitals are either purchasing and expanding equipment, or more cautiously, and we have long been looking at new building spaces for medical care, but we have introduced new infrastructure for a short period of time. 2) This target is valued multiple times the average pe value of a medical unit block over the past three years.
There is a certain premium on 38x (see error! no source was found). This is mainly a reflection of Murray's more defined growth prospects as a leader in the industry, a stronger R & D capacity, a larger scale effect, and a stronger ability to go to sea.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been compiled by the Group Information and other publicly available information of the Cards and Futures Group International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Pilang International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities). All the information is collected and distributed to any person from this report as an unauthorized act.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]