I've finished the reorganisation of the steel and steel, and I've got a new leader in the steel industry, and I've kept the "buy-in" advice.
Almost a month after the suspension, the company issued an announcement that the exchange of shares in the consolidated shares had been completed, that the new shares had been marketed on 27 February, and that the company’s shares had been reinstated on the same date.
The BMW Group is a state-owned enterprise under the supervision of the NPC. It was established in December 2016 as a former company under the control of the SWF; the shareholders in the stockholding of the Sword and Steel Group are the Sword and Steel Group, which is also a state-owned enterprise under the supervision of the NPC.
The group is controlled by China’s BMW Group. After this merger, the holding stock of the BMW Group remains China’s BMW Group. Before the merger, BMW had 16.5 billion shares and the share of the stock held 52.76%. After the merger, the share of BMW had increased to 22.1 billion shares.
The product mix is strong and competitive: before the merger of the shares in Bold Steel and the shares in Wu Steel, each was a globally competitive, mega-scale steel company with a combined capacity of over 40 million tons of rough steel.
In the third place in the world; in the third place in the world; in the third place in the world; in the third place in the world in the world in the production of carboards; in the first place in the world in the orientation of silicon steel, this merger will enhance the international competitiveness and influence of China's steel industry by providing for our steel industry to participate in “a part of the way” and international production cooperation to accelerate the “out” of China's steel industry.
Future strategy: Mergered listed companies will have as their strategic goal “become the most competitive steel enterprise in the world, become the most investment-valued listed company” and will take three years to advance the main players.
Integration of business blocks and regional markets. Through integration, new management systems for unified R & D, harmonized marketing and uniform procurement are gradually being developed, synergies are fully exploited, resources are fully optimized, and the firm’s core competitiveness is enhanced.
In the short term, BSK is still the main contributor to the profits of the new company. According to the performance of the two companies, it is expected to be $8.8 billion net in 2016, based on the two companies ' pre-consolidated shares.
The 406 million shares will initially have some impact on corporate profits. But, in the long run, the strategic restructuring of the BMW and the BMW groups will be consistent with the country’s central strategy, with a stronger leadership after the merger, a broader business development outlook and a greater scope for future performance.
We maintain the buy-in investment proposal on a one-fold basis, with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as described below: