Research Center for Resources and the Environment (CREDEH) Electricity grid investment, high voltage, information and communications enabler performance accelerations, company reports 2019 and one quarterly report 2020, yielding net profit returns and returns in 2019, respectively
q1 was slightly better than expected in 2019, and in 2020 q1 was better than expected. The positive impact of the one-time adjustment to the impairment of accounts receivable on total profits for 18 years was $387 million, excluding the impact and estimating the company.
The speed of the new infrastructure build-up of the monthly electricity grid has led to a marked acceleration in corporate recognition, with a significantly better 20q1 harvest than expected. q1 management costs increased by 22.4 per cent, mainly as a result of higher expenditures on quarantine materials, and the q1 Māori rate decreased by 1.27 pct as a proportion of low Māori integration projects, which may be related to financial costs and increases.
Credit impairments contributed to the company ' s 41.9 million and 32.1 million per year, respectively, mainly as a result of exchange gains and losses and the impairment of off-system receivables.
In the second half of the year, the speed of electricity information became apparent, and the 2019 performance of the post-electric security service continued to be high. Sub-operations: Automation of the grid in 2019, relays and transmissions, electricity information communication, water protection for power generation, collection 3.
The overall acceleration of q4 orders and receipts, which benefited from a general upswing in demand (a six-month increase of $1 billion in the report, 117 per cent more than in the previous year). Subsidies: Subsidy: Subsidy: Subsidy: Subsistence Subsistence Subsistence and net annual revenue from electrical relays amounted to $9.94 billion and $2.38 billion, an increase of 15.1 per cent and 15.2 per cent over the same period, in addition to utility operations.
At the end of 2019, there was a high level of innovation in hand orders. q1 national electricity grid investment was $36.5 billion, a 27.4 per cent decline in the same year (but in March, the company ' s new list was substantially narrowed from the previous two months to 43.5 per cent to -12 per cent), in the context of which the company ' s share has remained almost equal and has increased somewhat.
By the end of 2019, the company had a hand order of $39.8 billion, an increase of $2.03 billion, laying a solid foundation for sustained growth in subsequent performance. The company has made new gains in its transition to new business.
Intelligent robots speed up the deployment of new industries like high-power igbt, power-bearing robots, etc. Foreign companies have been successful in expanding in the fields of offshore wind power, portshore power, storage power, and intelligent water.
Energy network investments fell short of expectations: electricity grid construction fell short of expectations: emerging industries did not expand as expected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market was obtained, and the final ratings were then calculated on average, as the average market investment