Starwoo's car (601799).
• Recommended logic: (1) In the context of the upward trend of the transformation of the car-light industry, it is expected that the size of the country's car-light market will exceed $100 billion in 25 years and 19 per cent in four years. The structure of the company's products is constantly improving, and it is expected that the advantage of 22-24 years will continue to raise the market rate. (3) The industrial chain will expand, the raw materials will become more self-sufficient and cost-control will be strong.
The product transformation has been upgraded, and the layout has continued to be intelligent. The lighting industry is in the process of being intelligently upgraded, and, from the source of light, has seen a steady increase in the penetration of the light of the led, with a significant increase in the unit price compared to the halogen and americ lamps; in terms of function,
Addb, dlp, atmosphere lights, cross-cutting taillights, starlights, etc., high-value-added smart-car light products have emerged as new trends, rising to 32.3%, with an average export price of 112 yuan per lamp in 21 years, and an expanding version of the 17-21 cagr page client map, with new energy available.
Joint venture clients such as the Japanese-German family have been active in accelerating new energy projects for 21 years, and it is expected that 22h2 cases will continue to be released, with the client structure being optimized. Carlights have a high concentration of 56% of the global market, and the public sector has a share of about 14%.
In the long run, companies have a relatively clear price advantage and a localized service advantage compared to foreign firms, with higher profitability than competitors, and there is still much room for increasing future market share.
The construction of the company's Serbian factory was successful, with 22q4 continuing in the production phase, mainly with the European mainframe, to improve market competitiveness through localized services; Changzhou is able to produce industrial parks in one or two phases and five in the process of construction.
The Division will produce more than 40 million headlamps and effectively match the billing situation. In terms of the extension of the industrial chain, 116.5 million controllers have been delivered for the first time in 21 years, and will actively collaborate with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, etc., to increase investment in research and development and improve the overall competitiveness of smart carlight systems.
Scenario 2: adb, dlp, matrix lamps, cross-cutting taillights, starlights, etc., with a ratio of +9.7 per cent/+8.8 per cent/+10.8 per cent, respectively; Scenario 3: companies have higher bargaining power, high self-sufficiency of spare parts, and industrial chains are aligned with commodity price decline
The market believes that there is limited room for increasing the market’s share of the company’s cars. We believe that there is still room for increasing the company’s penetration of brand names, such as new car-making forces, solar systems, and so forth, and that the company is expected to gain a share in the cost advantage and the advantage of home-grown services, adding to the production of overseas factories, and increasing the supply capacity of globalization.
Intelligent new product penetration is higher than expected, new orders are higher than expected. We have selected the four companies in the industry that have the closest business to Starwoo’s stockholdings, with an average of 100 million yuan per four companies in 2022, with net profits of 13.1, 16.5 and 2.03 billion yuan for the mother, and eps of $457, 579 and 7.1, respectively.
Pe is 36, 28, and 23, respectively. Combined with the valuation of the company and the operational layout and pace of production of the current asterisks, risk of epidemic spread, risk of chip shortage, risk of increased prices of raw materials, risk of new products not permeating as expected, risk of new customers not opening up as much as expected.
Company Profile: The National Automobile Lights brand lead company, Changzhou Starlight, Inc., was created in 1993 and placed on the market in 2011 and has grown into a domestic carlight lead business for 29 years. The company focuses on the development of car (primarily by car) lights,
Designs, manufactures and sells, mainly car front lights, post-package lights, fog lights, daylights, indoor lights, ceremonial lights, etc. As an autonomous branding enterprise, a wealth of customer resources, including Euro-American, Japanese, and home-owned branded wholes, are accumulated and have close partnerships with customers.
BMW, General Motors, Toyota, Toyota Volkswagen, Toyota East Fung, Hiro Moto Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anmajuta, Red Flag, Sedan Car, Free One, Jili Car, General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen Cars, Chiri Cars, Ullais, Peng Cars, Ideals, and many domestic and international car-building enterprises.
The company’s main business is the headlight, dominated by the domestic market. According to the collection structure, which is dominated by the headlight type, the share of the headlight business has remained constant at around 90 per cent over the years, at $7.05 billion in 2021, or +2.8 per cent, or 89 per cent; and by region, the company’s main business is the head office, with the head office collecting $6.99 billion in 2021, or +3.4 per cent, from 88 per cent.
The company’s performance is expected to recover as a result of increased capacity utilization and reduced pressure on raw materials. The company’s equity structure is clear. Ms. Xiaoping and her father, Mr. Zhou Xiaoqi, are the company’s actual controllers, up to 2022h1.
The company owned 35.89% and 12.22% of its shares, respectively, and the company held 6.19% of its shares indirectly through the Changzhou Starwood Investment Management Company Ltd. In total, Zhou's father and daughter together held 54.3% of the company's shares, with a greater concentration of shares.
Japan’s star-woo is primarily responsible for the manufacture of products, Europe and Hong Kong’s star-woo is responsible for market development, and Star-intellectual is responsible for some of the products.
Technology tends to be electronic and intelligent. For front lights, with the spread of led, the front lights develop on afs, adb, dlp, etc., so as to achieve auxiliary driving, information exchange, personal vehicle interaction, etc. For back-to-back combinations, there is a clear trend towards moving from a separate to a cross-cutting, back-to-back lamp, which increases the size of the car's tail light and completes it.
On the small light side, the internal atmosphere has risen to a new point of growth, owing to consumer-specific demands. At the same time, car outdoors, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are gradually recognized by the major mainframes and should evolve with 2.1 light sources: Let's boost the value of the bicycle.
Leed lamps have a clear advantage. In the age of 100 years of their origin, cars have experienced a continuous upgrading of their lights from acetylene-halogen lamps-Henon gas lamps-led-lamps, and a continuous increase in the value of their lasers. Led (litering diode) is commonly referred to as a light-emitting diode, a solid semiconductor capable of converting electrical energy into visible light.
Led was first developed in the 1960s, when the material was gaasp, with a red glow color. After 30 years of development, Led has been able to produce a variety of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and the white light that lighted him only developed after 2000. Led lamps have a large volume compared to traditional sources of light such as halogen lamps and thorium gas lamps.
Small (endorsing multiple interior designs to make the lights look cooler), fast start (without flashing, at short notice, maximum brightness), long life, energy-efficient environmental protection, etc., the independence of each source can also provide advantages for intelligence; Led lamps have the advantage of low cost and long life compared to laser lamps, and the advantage is clear.
New energy developments and reduced costs contributed to accelerated led penetration. In 2008, Audi launched the first model r8 using all of the led light sets, officially marking the dawn of the led light age. The current led full-scale radiation high school low-end vehicle model, with the first luxury car bba carrying led -- a high-end model of over 300,000 cars in the country -- a medium-end model.
The main reasons are: (i) the constant cost of led from a cost point of view, and the price of the light bulb from the vehicle is still in decline. (ii) from a demand point of view, the increased penetration of led is driven by the fact that it is easier for new energy-sourced companies to implement smart upgrades as a result of electrification.
A 90% penetration rate for new energy vehicles is higher than the 55% penetration rate for conventional fuel vehicles. Leed prelights account for a major share. According to the Vision think tank, domestic reed prelight penetration continues, rising from 23% in 2018 to 33% in 2019, with 68% penetration in 2020, and Led prelight markets gradually progressing.
Released potential, 80% of Biadeld's front lamp penetration in June 21 and all Tesla's model model model led; new vehicle builder branded led: the general population, Toyota, and universal led penetration in traditional car companies. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2021, of the first 30 cars sold in the country, the front lamp was mainly in led and halogen.
+led, of which halogens +led account for 50%, is basically made up of low-alogens, tops and high-matched leds, and as a whole, the domestic front-lights are now largely in the main market. 2.2 Functional evolution: smartness creates new growth points
On the one hand, there are problems associated with the lack of lighting and the display of telelights in traditional car lamps. On the other hand, the electronicization of motor vehicles and the intelligentization have also led to the development of the lighting industry, which also has the function of auxiliary driving, signal transmission, and so on.
In traditional car lamps, smart car lamps increase awareness, decision-making and enforcement agencies, systems become more complex, and lighting functions become more powerful. In practical use scenarios, in addition to inside-of-car interactions, the interaction of vehicles with the outside is also of concern, where the lights play an important role and the amount of information that they can carry and display increases dramatically.
This has led to a sustained increase in the value of the bicycles and a new round of development opportunities for the lamp industry. The main functions that are now gradually permeating in the area of the smart front lights are afs, adb, and dlp, the application of smart control systems that give higher value to the lights and the incentive for continuous upgrading.
afs (adaptivefront-lightingsystem/adaptive headlights/aggression to headlights): a light follower system that allows the near-light axis to move right and left in a horizontal direction in conjunction with the corner of the wheel and to move up and down with the car in a vertical direction in conjunction with the heights of the vehicle. The light of the traditional car headlights is consistent with the direction of the body of the vehicle and cannot be effectively lit when the vehicle turns.
The blind area on the inside of the bend, if there are people or objects on the inside of the bend, and the speed of the curve is not properly reduced, thus creating a security hazard. The afs function can provide a rotational adjustment effect that can be rotated from the angle of the steering wheel and can project a valid beam onto the front of the road that the driver needs to see, providing good road lighting for the driver.
Rationale: Mechanical execution takes dynamic signal parameters from cars by sensors installed on vehicles at speed, attitude, corner, position, etc., and performs pre-control lighting system operations after the control unit's analytical and algorithmic judgement and generation of the control signal. For example, when the environmental light sensor detects a drop in the outside light, the system automatically turns on the headlights and based on them.
Visible light intensity supplements light intensity; when entering the curve, calculating the angle from which the traffic light needs to be deflected based on the data collected by the turn-over sensor and the speed sensor together, driving the motor to turn the light (step-in motor: the motor to convert the electrical pulse signal to the corresponding angle shift or line shift); when entering the urban lighting pattern, the system reduces the right and left proximity.
The power of the light, while driving the headlights slightly downwards, reduces the brightness and intensity of the light and prevents the display. adb (adaptiveddringbeam/from afarlight): is an intelligent long-light control system capable of adapting to the condition of the road to a remote light type, determining the location and distance of the opposite vehicle by entering the camera signal, depending on the passenger.
Quote, turn an angle, bend the body over, and so on, automatically control the opening of each led light source, giving the optimal light range in front of the head of the vehicle, in order to avoid dazzling other road users, while at the same time maximizing the driver’s vision. Compared to traditional distant light, adb uses smart control to replace manual switching, making light control easier, more comfortable, and more secure.
The change of light replaces the long-distance light switch and expands the lighting of the horizon on the basis of the safety of the road. Rationale: adb consists mainly of safety cameras, big light controllers, light-source module drives, i.e., led drivermodule/ldm, light-source module groups, transmission lines, etc., which enhances the functionality of the car lamp compared to afs.
Switching the americon lamps to a led light, starting faster and longer. When there is a car across the street, the system automatically captures the location of the other road users, darkens or closes the led in the corresponding position, automatically forms an "l" type, forming a dark zone in the normal far-light lighting area, so that the drivers of other vehicles do not feel twitchy when the car leaves a certain distance.
It automatically turns back into a distant light; in rainy days, depending on the size of the rain, it is decided whether to turn the distance light on automatically, or at the same time, the fog light and the distance light on simultaneously; when the vehicle in the back reaches a certain distance from the vehicle in front, the light in the front automatically turns on the flash mode to alert the rear vehicle.
In the first half of 2022, China sold 2,592,000 new energy vehicles, reaching 21.5 per cent penetration, and, driven by national and local consumption policies, new energy vehicles will still be in a state of growth and penetration rates will continue to rise. The continued penetration of new energy vehicles will accelerate the process of car intelligence, bringing it in.
According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the demand for the market for smart lamps in 2019 was 119.7 billion yuan, of which the demand for afs lamps was $9.65 billion, or 81% of the total demand; the demand rule for adb was 2.32 billion, or 19% of the total demand. In 2019, the penetration rate for afs lamps was 18% and the penetration rate for adb was 18%.
At 1.8%, of the 22q2 new vehicles listed on the market, the penetration rate for adb is close to 10%, assuming that by 2025 the penetration rate for adb will have increased to 30%, the market size of the adb lamp will have reached $35.1 billion, with a combined growth rate of 52.8% in four years, and a broad market matrix is more favourable. At the implementation level, the adb can be divided into mechanical, matrix, dlp.
Mainly through the inclusion of electrical devices in front of the light source, there are obvious shortcomings, such as slow response, loud noise, poor performance, and failure to mainstream the program. In terms of effectiveness and cost, the matrix is the best implementation option for the current adb smart lamp. The mechanical cost versus the matrix adb has no significant advantage, and performance is far less than the matrix lamp: dlp
The headlights raise the level of pixels directly to the level of millions, but at high cost. The matrix lights achieve the basic function of adb from their application, while at the same time further enhancing the technical sense of the headlights in their appearance, will be the main choice in the implementation of the headlights.
A single light unit, the source of which can only be turned on or off as a whole, e.g., a group of led beads, a group of beads, a group of beads, a group of beads, etc. The matrix beams of beams feature the modularization of light sources, the creation of multiple light partitions, the increase in the number of light units from one to 100 places, the increase in the number of lens modules from one to more than six, etc.
The size of the block is reduced from 70 mm to 25 mm, even smaller, and the light source is arranged according to a long-square array, each of the led beads in each subsector is independently controlled, allowing for the automatic closure of the big light, the automatic switch to the distant light, the daze-proof remote light, the self-regulating altitude, etc., which is much wider, brighter, brighter and more powerful than the normal Led light.
More even and intelligently. According to Automotive Home data, 22q2 of the new model of a matrix-led light was 23, or 14.7%, including Lincoln, Odia 8, Biadedon, Chirary Tiger 8, and prices have been gradually downped to $100,000 left dlp (digitallightprocessing/digital light processing) as the next generation of light technology: rationale and dlp projectors.
Basically the same, the dmd (digitalmicromirorordevece, digital microscope/digital microscope chip) chip, which reflects mirror reflection in front of the light source, projectes digitally edited information to the front of the vehicle to achieve control of the million pixel level of the big light.
Digital microscopic devices. The 1996 dlp projector was officially launched. The Texas instruments used dlp technology on the projector until 2018, when they worked as semiconductor suppliers and Mercedes to develop high-resolution light technology. The dlp projector is mainly two types of functionality, a car-ceremonial and car-aided scenes, and a rich combination of sisc digitally interactive lamps.
The dlp lamp is connected to the bottom of the ar-hud technology and the costs are expected to decrease as the production is scaled. The main functions of dlp, which will follow the matrix, are: (1) pedestrian comity: when pedestrians are encountered during the journey, move forward through dlp
Two rows of interactive arrows will be dropped on the ground, and the head of the vehicle isc will display dynamic pedestrian markings to be friendly. When the pedestrian is passing, the rear vehicle will be monitored in real time. If a vehicle is approaching, the ground dlp project will have a flashing stop sign on both sides.
It will also be combined with intelligent driving, equipped with low-speed trajectories. When the user calls the vehicle or uses automatic parking, the vehicle will leave automatically at low speed and will project the trajectories in the front, so that the user and the surrounding pedestrians will be aware of the path of the vehicle, which is more friendly and safer. (3) Navigation support functions: combined with navigation information, the smart car system will be able to achieve track-level navigation.
Guides. When you need to focus on driving at night, by projecting arrows on the road, the user ' s eyes do not need to leave the road to easily obtain guidance information, reduce the user ' s driving fatigue and improve safety through complex intersections during driving at night. Figure 29: working principles of dlp
Figure 31: Dlp's passivity, orientated taillights have a clear advantage. From the source of light, car tails are divided into three main categories: led, led, laser.
However, there are shortcomings such as undistributable heat, poor quality and poor product consistency; laser tails have the advantage of small size, rapid response, high brightness, long life, low energy consumption, but costs are many times higher than led, and are currently used in only a few high-end vehicles, and may cause some damage to human eyes.
With the advantages of homogeneity of light, clarity of boundaries, thin shape (0.1-0.2 mm), variety of configurations, multi-zonal controls, digital displays, etc., taillights are transformed into mediums with different types of content that are originally unique to signal indicator functions. Currently, they are subject to low rates, short lifetimes, and the cost of producing a left tail lamps is several times higher than the price of a led, at about $7,000-8,000/set, with the same skill.
Improved technology, with falling costs, will not only erode some of the Led taillights market, but may also be further applied to solar lamps, turning lamps, doorlights, position lamps, brake lamps, interior top lights, interior reading lights, cosmetic mirrors, interior atmosphere lights, etc., as one of the key technologies in the car lighting market.
Soft-led applications are available. The technology is shown in the first place on television screens, in 2013 Odie and O slang worked on the development of the oled taillight, followed by BMW, and in 2014 and the same year Audi launched a work-by-work model with the oled taillight. In 16/18/20/21 Audi published tttrs, a8, q5, a6e-tron with the oled tail lamp, respectively.
Today, all of the bulk-produced oled tails use flat glass panels, and it is difficult to integrate the flat oled panels into the free-winding designs of the lights, so the importance of the soft digit oled is becoming more and more important. Soft oled screens are already being used in mobile phones, and prices are becoming more and more popular. They're being applied to the lights. BMW, Mercedes, and Audi are using this.
In shape, the taillights have gone through a separate-cross-the-board development phase. The endlights, which began in the 1960s with the American car, were not widely available, mainly because of the higher cost, the greater complexity of the endlight beams, and the subsequent failure rate, and the consequent increase in maintenance costs, as only Lincoln did.
The elements are retained. The visual extension of the cross-cutting taillights is better than the normal taillights, the recognition after the evening lights is higher, the overall shape is more technical, the cross-cutting taillights are again favoured, the paradigms are used and the perimeters are sunk, from the original high-end models of Lincoln, Porsche and Audi to the current national product plates of around 100,000.
Increased use of cross-cutting taillights, such as Hafh6, Gillisungi I, Upholstery, Long Ancs series, etc. 2.2.3 Other lamps, where the atmosphere of the military has sprung up, have become a new point of growth.
Depending on their requirements, scenes, they can choose and control light brightness, greyness, colour change, multiple light effects such as living, sleeping, awakening, eating, partying, etc., radiating different emotions, especially at night, which can make the carriage more stylish. The atmosphere in the car is now gradually moving from a high-end vehicle to a lower-middle vehicle.
In the future, as the consumer’s personalized demand rises, it is expected that it will become a model for all types of vehicles, with a wide market space that will create new growth in the car-light industry.
Point. Other lamps, such as logo lamps, starring lights, flash grids, chassis lamps, etc., can serve as decorations, tips, etc., and are also popular with consumers. Figure 37: Logo lamps and light grids
2.3 Market size: more than 100 million, capr over 10 per cent; 19 per cent per year, with 74.9 billion yuan for the pre-light market, 30.5 billion yuan for the post-combined light market, 24.2 billion yuan for the light market, 16.7 billion yuan by 2030, and 11.1 per cent in September.
Table 6: The size of the domestic lamp market is forecasted to be 3.1 product transformational upgrading, continuous intelligent layout, rising share of high value-added products, and higher average price of headlights. In the light-up trend, front-light led penetration rates
Upgraded, the unit price of Led prelights has risen significantly from the traditional halogen and americ lamps, about 1600-2000 yuan/sets, and most of the post-combined lamps have now been upgraded to small-power led lamps, with a unit cost of about 800 to 1,000 yuan/sets. From the product structure, corporate car lamps consist mainly of the three types of headlamps, post-combined lamps, small lamps, and a total of 2.032 million sales of headlamps and post-combined lamps 21 years ago.
Only 19 years + 16%, 32.3%, and 19 years + 7.5pp. With product upgrades + product structure, R & D inputs are increasing, compared to the global and national leaders. The lights provider needs to be involved in the simultaneous development of the new vehicle model of the entire factory, and the company currently has design development capabilities including headlight products, headlights electronics, engineering machines, modelling, etc., as well as national accreditation.
The lab has a complete autonomous R & D system that can respond quickly to and meet client needs. The company has set up research and development centres in Shanghai, Wuhan, etc., and actively conducts electronic research on car lamps and automobiles. The cost of R & D has remained constant at 3.6% + in recent years, rising steadily in 18-21 years, reaching 4.9% in 21 years + 0.7 pp., which has surpassed the global lead-up and domestic lead-up.
The number of R & D personnel increased by 40.2 to 1493 in 21 years, with 125 patents compared to the SWV vision. The company continued to increase its R & D investment to capture the sustained growth based on sustained performance, technology breakthroughs, and intelligent layouts.
Research and development of first-generation, second-generation adb headlamps, 17 years of post-oled combinations, 18 years of pixel headlamps, rigb-controlled lights, 19 years of end-of-life lamps and induction room lamps, 20 years of Adb projecting, 21 years of smart headlamps based on dmd and microlled, etc., constantly realizing technology around the demands of the intelligent market
Technological innovation and active efforts to digitalize production lines, improve efficiency and improve quality. 3.2 Client maps are expanding, new energy is being used in a clear pattern in the automotive lighting industry, and there is room for a rise in market share.
Synchronization, which is not an investment-restricted industry, has a high concentration in the country’s entire car manufacturing industry and the high qualification requirements of car manufacturing firms for zero-part suppliers, which has led to a high concentration of headline monopolies. The major players around the world are Xiaojing, Stanley, Heila, Fareo, etc., which reached 66% in 2021.
On the domestic front, Chinese vision accounts for about 22% of the share and companies for 14%. Compared to most foreign firms, companies have a greater cost and home-grown advantage, and are more capable of servicing customers, with new projects ordered in 2021 and 22 years up to mid-March, amounting to approximately $13.5 billion. With the active development of new products, future growth in corporate income and profits is expected to continue faster.
There is still room for a rise in the market share of the corresponding lights. Client maps are expanding, and new energy sources are coming up. The company initially supplied small lights, such as fog lamps, to autonomous car companies like Chirre.
Currently, the company's clients cover almost all the mainstream cars in the market, including one-bang, one-bang Toyota, one-bang, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man, one-man.
The company’s top five clients continued to grow in sales, amounting to $5.487 billion in 2021, representing 69.4 per cent of total annual sales. The company has been active in accelerating the new energy car project for 21 years.
After the company entered the first ten core suppliers list in 2014, one was the first core customer to be sold by the public. In 21 years, one was experiencing a lack of core, 21q4 gradually improved, sales recovered steadily, and 22q1-q2 suffered a slight drop in the impact of the epidemic, and with the resumption of production progressing steadily.
A toyota 22q2 sales volume of 191,000 vehicles, corresponding to 5.2 per cent, and a total of 8.37 million vehicles in July and August of 22 years, corresponding to +6.4 per cent/+65.6 per cent of the year, is expected to be halved by the end of the year with a sustained recovery in sales and corporate performance in the 22h2 sector as a result of the local marketing subsidy policy. The current outlook for global economic growth is highly uncertain.
In 2021, the company took over 62 vehicle-type light development projects, bulked 42 new vehicles, and ordered new projects amounting to approximately RMB 13.5 billion, which are expected to move gradually to bulk production by the end of 2022 and 2023.
The company ' s future development provides a strong guarantee. Figure 53: One gas - mass monthly sales (millions) Figure 55: One gas Toyota monthly sales (millions)
3.3 Production capacity has expanded steadily, the industrial chain has synergeticly expanded and effectively matched hand orders. In addition to Changzhou headquarters, companies have been building production bases in key clients such as Changchun and Fushan since 2016, and are actively building offshore business platforms in Hong Kong, China, Germany, Japan and China.
With the creation of R & D, marketing, and production subsidiaries in Serbia, the global industrial landscape is improving. The construction of factories in Serbia is going well, with 22q4 successively entering the stage of production, mainly the project of supplying European mainframe plants, and localizing production helps companies to better serve their customers and further enhances market competitiveness.
The company’s spending on capital in 2017-2021 was much higher than depreciation, and the expansion of competitors was not evident. The same period was marked by a downward trend in Heirah’s capital spending, which was already below depreciation in 2020; and Stanley’s capital support was flat or marginal.
In 2021, capital expenditure was lower than depreciation: in 2021, capital expenditure was lower than depreciation, and there was no significant expansion. Companies actively seized market opportunities for new model development and nationalization and conversion, leading to further optimization of the product structure and customer structure.
The cost of lamps is mainly from raw materials, which accounted for more than 80% of the cost of purchasing raw materials in 2017-2021. The raw materials procured by companies are mainly electronic components, plastic materials, light sources, etc. The semi-finished items procured are plastics, and the purchase of 20h1 electronic parts is $470 million, or 27% of the total raw materials, the largest.
Production, increased self-production of spare parts to reduce production costs, the company’s top five suppliers stabilized at a low level of about 20% in 2017-2021, did not rely on individual suppliers, and were more able to negotiate upstream. The cost of plastic materials was largely influenced by fluctuations in the price of petrocarbons and gas, and the price of oil and gas had risen significantly since 21q3, with the Fed increasing interest rates, Russia and Ukraine.
Conflicts have eased, commodity prices are expected to fall gradually, and raw material pressures have eased. With regard to electronic components, companies have developed lights and domain controller-related products to further improve their levels of self-sufficiency.
Enterprises like chips, software algorithms, and so on. It is expected that forward-looking product development will continue to take the lead. Widening the gap with other autolight brands.
(a) Head branded horizon c3 rounds of financing: strategic collaboration with the leading domestic provider of algorithm software, Rainbow SoftTech, in October 21 with in-depth collaboration in the field of artificial intelligence technology and high-performance smart visual applications in automobiles;
Long-point: In February 22, China signed a letter of intent to work with China to build smart car lights from design to delivery end-to-end capabilities, to lead the development of smart car lights industry, and to build the competitiveness of the industry’s continuously leading smart-light system solutions. In 2020, bottom companies raised funds to build a modeling plant to better control costs. Overall, there is a synergy between cost control and the industry chain.
The future corporate profitability is expected to continue to be higher than the competitors. Figure 65: Comparable net interest rates on companies In terms of revenue collection, the growth in corporate revenue from 2017 to date was $7.91 billion in 2021, a year-on-year increase
8 per cent, compared with last year’s growth, which slowed significantly, mainly because the rebound in the second half of the year led to a down-swing in the automobile industry, with a mass car crash due to a lack of core core core and a partial shutdown, with sales of 22q3 and 22q4 falling by 46.1 per cent or 22.8 per cent on the same basis, affecting downstream demand. Good business, with a recovery of 11.6 per cent in revenue growth and $2.13 billion in revenue.
In terms of profits, net profits rose steadily from 2017 to 2020, and in 2020, in the face of the new crown outbreak, the negative trend was stronger.
The net return to the mother was 1.16 billion yuan, the highest in the last five years, with a growth rate of 46.8 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the optimization of product structure, and a significant increase in sales of medium- and high-value products, with the same sales of front-lights as +22.9 per cent and the same sales of post-combined lamps as +13.2 per cent.
As a result of the decline in the Māori rate and the increase in research and development inputs due to the rise in manufacturing costs, figure 69: the net profits of the company on a quarterly basis (millions of dollars) and a steady decline in the 4.2 cost rate
Over the last two years, R & D investment has been maintained at around 4%, and with the development of automobile-led light technology, the company has increased its R & D investment in recent years, improving the layout in the direction of digitization and intelligence, with the latest R & D rate of 22q1 + 1.2 pp to 5.1% shifting costs from sales to operating costs.
The Department ' s managerial capacity has increased, production capacity has expanded, and the economies of scale have become apparent. The latest 22q1 sales/management cost rates are -1.7 pp/-0.3 pp to 0.8 per cent/2.5 per cent, respectively. The company ' s financial cost rates have remained stable since 2016, and the latest 22q1 financial cost prices have continued to rise.) The labour costs have increased by 26.9 per cent over the year. 3) The manufacturing costs have increased by the same year as the manufacturing costs due to the start of new production capacity in the Länder.
In terms of products, Māori rates and Māori rates for the sale of car-light-type products have roughly changed along the same lines, with a new product controller rate of 18.9% in 21 years expected to contribute more to corporate growth in the future. As the epidemic picks up, the automobile industry returns to growth, corporate performance improves, and roe is expected to pick up rapidly in the future.
Corporate asset and liability ratios are at a lower comparable level, with the latest asset and liability rate of 22q1 at 33.8 per cent, and long-term debt service sales of 7124/8053/8779 million annual corporate car lights, respectively, with forward lights, assumption 2: as the lamp is more intelligent, adb, dlp, matrix lamps, cross-cutting taillights, starlights, etc.
+9.7%/+8.8%/+10.8%, respectively; Assumption 3: companies have higher bargaining power, high self-sufficiency of spare parts, and with commodity prices falling, the industrial chain is working together, and we have selected the four companies in the industry that have the closest business to Starwoo's shares, with an average perpe for four companies in 2022.
50 times, an average of 33 times in 2023. Three of the biggest points in the future are as follows: 1) the head of the domestic carlight industry, with its improved intelligence, improved product structure and increased value added; 2) the client profile, which is expected to expand, allow production to continue, intelligent manufacturing estates to continue to be built, future companies are expected to achieve a resonance of orders and production capacity, and support companies are expected to grow.
1) The risk of epidemic proliferation. The spread of the disease, which results in the shutdown or reduction of production by one or more suppliers of spare parts due to control, affects the production of the whole downstream car, while increasing uncertainty of demand, affecting the sale of the car and thus the performance of the company. 2) The risk of chip shortage.
Some of the raw materials used by companies are affected by higher prices for bulk commodities such as energy and metals, which may lead to higher short-term production costs, increased pressure on companies to operate and erosion of company profits.
4) The risks of new products being infiltrated are not as high as expected. The industry is currently in an advanced stage of intellectualization, and if companies do not have as much penetration of new products like adb, dlp, etc., as they are expected, the company’s performance will be affected. 5) The risks of new customers are not being exploited as expected. Companies expand branding such as joint ventures, new power, etc.
The company ' s performance is not expected to be affected by the fact that it has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, nor as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.