The performance of 2021q1 was over-expected, looking at the company moving from cycle to growth. Technology for profit (600183.sh) considered the company to be a leading industrial manufacturer of domestic copper, with short- and medium- and long-term price increases for f-4 products.
Keeping in mind that product structure optimization leads to higher profitability and maintains a “buy-in” rating. Quality downstream demand supports the continued upturning of the overcoat price, creating profitability to rise on a seasonal basis, and the elasticity of the structure of the product belt; at the same time, companies raise full-line prices for downstream customers and increase profitability.
See 2021q2, downstream pcb orders are visible up to July, in a state of high climate, with a historically low inventory of pcb companies in the industry, which will continue to increase the profitability of its chain by shifting upstream cost pressures. The price of raw materials optics, copper bulges, supports the pricing of this turn-over plate beyond 2017.
• The upgrading of products has set the stage for a new five-year planning cycle, from “doing good” to “doing good” sales, rising from 45.45 million square metres in 2010 to 10.254 million square metres in 2020, with annual compound growth at a rate consistent with the company's strategic objective of “doing good” to achieve the capacity mix in South China, China and China.
By 2025, 137 million square metres were produced, with annual expansion at a rate of 7.7 per cent, a relative slowdown, which represented a shift to “a gas cycle, an acceleration in the progress of a productive electronic Gyan plant”, with a greater focus on the value of the overcracking plate, which resulted from the upgrading of the product structure, replacing the growth of the original production capacity.
The company will catch up with high-end materials in the Hdi, ic loading board, Mitsubishi gas, Yoki, etc. The company update report - q4 quarter cost - increased raw materials prices; and the company ' s research and development of new products is not as fast as expected
Corporate Information Update - A new five-year expansion plan is being launched.