Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The effect of price hikes has been demonstrated, with profit recovery plus structural optimization for growth roe (belonging to parent company) (frustration) On 19 April, the company issued an advance performance increase announcement for the first quarter of 2021, which showed 2021
q1 net profit from mother-to-manufacturing will increase by between $20~210 million and $54~550 million (a year-on-year ratio +59%~62%, the ring price increase effect has been realized, and one-quarter profits are expected to rise above historical highs. In the case of price increases driven by raw materials, the Copperboard Chamber of Commerce has gone through three stages: "Profits-over-cost premium-up".
After a positive market strategy shift, the company has now succeeded in transferring costs, and the profit level is expected to peak in the next quarter, driven by price. Looking ahead, we believe that in the short term,
The Hydrocarbons Proposal has been demonstrated, companies are forward-looking and current prices of large upstream raw materials remain high, supply is slow and consumer demand is continuing.
Under the circumstances, companies are still able to maintain the upward trend in prices during the second quarter and are expected to move out of the premiums. 3. “Māori rates continue to be high, high-end penetration logic persists.” In the medium term, as raw materials improve, production capacity is available, and stock demand is high, companies are in demand.
In the long run, price hikes can help the industry out of backward production. 4. q1 + 53 per cent, Māori rates are on the market to be able to eventually boost the bargaining power of the front-line copper-plating plant, and corporate profits are expected to rise.
In the short and medium term, we see a recovery in corporate profitability and a long-term multi-layered layout. We believe that corporate focus on corporate corporate profitability and product restructuring are driving growth: 1) In the short and medium term, companies have net interest rates around 10 points lower than the Guangdong parent, so the subsidiary gains.
This year, one of the company's priorities is to strengthen its subsidiaries, and the Division has deployed high-end products such as high-frequency high-speed and envelope boards, where high-frequency has successfully entered the market, where the high-speed will be released, driven by this year's server platform change, and the envelope will be expanded.
Yong Chi-won released, and we believe that a further improvement in the product structure is likely to raise the company's normal profitability.
Taking into account the company's vanity, the certainty of profit recovery and the emergence of multi-series product platforms, we, Liu Yeon Shen luyanxue@gjzg.com.cn
Raw materials continue to be high; prices are not rising well; demand is not as good as expected; affiliates are paid to their mothers. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then the average is calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment