On April 29, the company published its first report, 2021, which showed that in 2021 q1 would be paid 45.1 per cent.
Billion dollars (year-on-year +46.7 per cent, ring + 12.7 per cent), net profit to the mother of 540 million yuan (year-on-year + 60.5 per cent, ring capacity, q1 Mār. 28.0 per cent (year-on-0.77pt, ring + 3.73pt), net interest rate to higher price effect achieved, with single-season profits exceeding historical highs.
In the context of "the upward effect of the price, the return of profits + structural excellence" and the three stages of "the roll-over of the cost-to-cost premium" of the Craft Chamber of Commerce, the Division, after a positive market strategy adjustment, has achieved a successful transfer of costs, which is pushing the price.
For the future, we believe that, in the short term, when the prices of the bulk of the former upstream raw materials remain high, supply is slow, and consumer demand continues.
3. " Hydrocarbon proposal reasoning, company forward looking and under circumstances, companies are still able to maintain price increases in the second quarter and are expected to move out of the premium line " .
In the medium term, with improved supply and demand for raw materials, productive capacity, and high stock demand, companies will continue to experience high rates of Maori penetration, and the high-end penetration logic will continue to face certain price downside pressures; in the long run, price hikes can help the industry out of backward production.
In the short and medium term, it is expected that corporate profits will rise. In the short and medium term, it is expected that the company’s profitability will rise, and in the long term, it will be structured in a multilayered manner.
The net interest rate of affiliates everywhere is about 10 points lower than that of Guangdong's parent company, so the return to profitability is the key to growth. One of the companies' priorities this year is to strengthen their subsidiaries.
The mainstream circle, the high-speed drive of this year's server platform change, will be released, and the board will be expanded, and we believe that a further optimization of the product structure is expected to raise the company's normal profitability level.
Don Xiao Lu, Liu Yeonxue luuyanxue@gjzg.com.cn
Raw materials continue to be high; prices are not rising well; demand is not as good as expected; affiliates are paid to their mothers. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then the average is calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment