Larger shares (600160.sh) Fluorine giants have grown significantly, operating more efficiently and more efficiently.
At the bottom of the cycle, performance continued to grow sharply, with a year-on-year and a ring-on-year increase. Companies published the Biannual Performance Advances Bulletin 2022, which was underpinned by rising prices of energy raw materials and better supply and demand performance, higher prices for corporate products than for the whole, and corporate chains.
Thus, the company has made full use of the advantages of industrial chain integration, effectively controlling costs, and in the face of the negative, it has seen a significant increase in the sales of basic chemical and refrigerant products. The advantages of corporate industrial chain integration are significant, with well-developed support systems for the production of chlorinated substances and excellent cost-control capabilities; and, public, public.
Significant increases in the fluorinated polymers (e.g., pvdf) and other varieties of industry would be fully beneficial.339.25 million yuan.In the first half of the year, corporate fluorinated feedstocks, refrigerants (of which: hfcs), fluoropolymer materials,
Prices of food packaging materials and basic chemical products increased on a year-on-year basis, with 5314, 21795 fluoropolymer production following a significant increase in the previous year, 6.67 per cent and 6.6 per cent, respectively, respectively.
Depletion, opportunity procurement, better control of the adverse effects of excessive price increases for raw materials leading to significant increases in operating costs, with less impact on the end-of-the-cost effects of firms. As the competitive patterns of industry tend to converge, we see that three generations of refrigerant are expected to recover.
Accompanimental advantages, which will continue to operate efficiently, will lead to a recovery of the cycle in the future. Development of high-value-added fluorinated chemicals extending the industrial chain and actively promoting the industry of data centres using cooling fluid products.
Implementation. In addition to active promotion of lithium electrical materials, such as the pvdf project, mega-stocks have been successfully launched.
Giant Shares - 60160-2021: q3 performance increased significantly, with a dedicated cooling fluid blank in the data centre. The company ' s impregnated cooling fluids project planned to produce 5,000 tonnes/year, with one of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects in the construction phase.
Larged Shares - 600160-2020 Annual Report Review: Performance has been detected and the reverse has been achieved Continued expansion of fluorinated polymers through capacity-digging, energy-saving emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, megastocks - 600160-2019 and first quarter 2020: company reviews
fluorinated chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, etc., produce high-value-added fluorinated products and achieve high-quality development. Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
At the end of the cycle, performance has continued to grow significantly, and it is expected that the opportunities offered by changing patterns of industry will be captured. Prices are supported by rising prices and better supply and demand in the industry, prices for corporate products have risen on average, and the advantages of a company ' s industrial chain integration have been sufficiently highlighted, with companies expecting a net return of 2022h1 to the mother ' s profit.
In the first half of 2022, companies took full advantage of industrial chain integration, effectively controlling costs, and in reverse, they managed to achieve a significant increase in sales of basic chemical and refrigerant products. At the same time, companies had well-developed chlorinated production support systems, with excellent cost control capabilities.
Over the past year, driven by rapidly growing demand for downstream lithium electricity, photovoltaics, etc., pvdf and its raw material r142b have been supplied with very tight supply and demand mismatches. The company already has 3,500 tonnes/year of paint + photovoltaic level + lithium level pvdf, fully benefiting from the price increase of pvdf. The company is also active.
In the context of business, we see that companies will be able to fully grasp and benefit from the opportunities created by changes in industry patterns, focusing on high-quality development, around “greening development, digital reform, new mega-launching” as a whole.
At this point, we see a slight decline in the price of fluorine. Among them are: flints, electrostones, tetrachloroethane, vcm, smoke-free coal, raw materials for fluorine, refrigerants (of which: hfcs), fluoropolymer materials, food packaging materials, basics, etc.
The prices of industrial products increased by 5,314, 21,795 (22,628), 72,217, 13,961 and +85.24% respectively. As a result of the continuing disruptions and effects of the epidemic, companies carefully organized their production operations and maintained higher levels of production and marketing.
Company production of fluorinated industrial feedstocks, refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials, food packaging materials, respectively, 43.02, HFC-III refrigerants (hfcs), 17.34 million tonnes and HFC-polymer production, 5.52 tonnes, followed by growth of 12.47 per cent and 16.55 per cent, respectively, on the basis of a significant increase in the previous year.
fluoropolymer sales were 10,850 tons, 18,000 tons, an increase of 6.67 per cent and 6.6 per cent, respectively, which ensured a steady increase in the company’s market niche for fluorine refrigerants, and in the fluoropolymer market. From an operational point of view, the company was able to achieve substantial product structure optimization against the background of a bad cyclical climate, hfcs, fluorine, etc.
Polymerics, petrochemicals, etc. have been growing faster. In the context of the lower fluorinated industry cycle, companies have continued to expand production and operate steadily in reverse by exploiting capacity, reducing energy efficiency, reducing emissions, optimizing structures, etc. Figure 1: Changes in raw materials purchased by companies in the first half of 2021
Refrigerants: Three generations of refrigerant weather pressure from 2020 to 2022, waiting for three generations of refrigerant climate reversion Recapture 3 generations of refrigerant price trends: 2020, influenced by the impact of the new crown pneumonia and the quota competition caused by the Kigali amendment, three generations of refrigerant market continued to weaken at the end of 2019, with prices falling for each product.
Overcapacity continues, with higher prices constrained; r134a prices have reached their historical lows in recent years. Downstream air conditioning, auto industry, dropped in both cases in 2020. In the first half of 2021, except for r32, which remained on the cost line, the prices of refrigerants were warming, and by 30 June 2021, r22 had increased by about two degrees since the beginning of the year.
Prices of methane chloride, ethane chloride, etc. have continued to rise, and in the context of low refrigerant start-up due to energy consumption, double control and power restrictions, demand-side refrigerants entering the traditional reserve season, the price of refrigerant products has rebounded noticeably, and the price increase has continued until early November 2021. Subsequently, since November 2021, the supply of raw materials at the end has been gradually released.
By 2045, China would have reduced its HFC use by 80% by 2045 compared to the 2020-22 base. This means that China would have Hfcs (hydrofluorocarbons)-related chemicals.
Controls, including a freeze on production and consumption of hfcs in 2024. As supply-side structural reforms deepen, allocation regulation will be concentrated at the legislative level, industry competition patterns will converge, and downstream demand will return to steady growth, we see that three generations of refrigerant are expected to recover.
Development of fluorinated polymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains The company continues to work in the areas of “long chains, patches, patches, strong lines” with a clear increase in industry level and competitiveness. In 2021, mega-stocks actively implemented 35,000 tonnes/year hydrocarbon refrigerants, 5,000t/a massive core cold.
In 2021, the Department completed a fixed asset investment of $1.977 billion, initiated the implementation of the 30,000 tonnes/year pvdf project, and initiated the development of new low-carbon refrigerants, pvdc water coatings and new energy sources, as well as environmentally friendly fluoropolymer varieties and uses.
Liquid projects, high-performance fluoromaterials projects, accelerated implementation of 10,000 tonnes/year pvdf II (para.b) projects to promote the industrialization of technology research and development. Currently, companies are the only ones in the country with one-to-four-generation fluororefrigerant series, with the largest fluororefrigerant on a global scale; and in the last three years, they have achieved technological innovation with fluorinated polymers.
Industrialization of new products such as ETfe resins, pfa, and suspended polyfluoroethylene (lithium battery glue) has been achieved through the achievement of quantitative upscaling and further enrichment of the product structure and a significant improvement in quality.pvdf project planning, 3 December 2021, company announcement of fixed asset investment projects:
The company's sub-plant electricization plant proposes to implement a new 48kt/avdf technology expansion project, a new 30kt/apvdf technology expansion project (phase I) with a total investment of 979 million yuan and 693 million yuan respectively. The latter uses suspended polymerization and emulsion polymerization processes to produce pvdf resins.
The company published the Public Notice of the Linked Transactions for Construction of the Additional 48ktavdf and 23.5 ktapvdf Technology and Extension Project, which shows that the construction schedule was scheduled to start on 25 February 2022, and that the pilot vehicle was launched on 30 December 2022.
According to the outcome of the meeting, China’s headlines met the conditions for issuance, listing, and disclosure requirements. Moreover, it is a matter of concern that the use of cooling fluid products in mega-stock data centres is in the process of being industrialized.
“Liquid cooling” means the cooling of the demand for the radiation of equipment, such as servers, using liquids with a high thermal appearance as an input for heat transfer. It is divided into liquid cold and direct contact liquids, mainly of indirect contact type, pure water, mineral oil, fluorine, which are commonly used cooling fluids.
Data centres, margin computing, artificial intelligence technology. With cloud computing, the innovation of big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, which takes on a large number of data-counting and storage data centres, there is a need to be more efficient in meeting business development needs. In solving the evaporation problems of high-heat density data centres, there is a tradition of liquid cooling.
The data centre's air-conditioning system is no better than intended, and energy consumption is lower. With the extension and development of the leachate cold data centre, the market space for the special fluorine cooling fluid will be opened and it will gradually grow into a mature product.
The large core cooling fluids fill the gap in the country's high-performance data centre with the main performance indicators that match foreign monopoly products. The company's impregnated cooling fluids project plans to produce 5,000 tonnes/year, with one of the 1,000 tonnes/year projects in the construction phase.
Emission reduction, reduction, structural optimization, etc., further expansion of the production of high-value-added fluorinated industrial products such as fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, and high-quality development. Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Accompanied advantages and a healthy financial structure. The current three-generation refrigerant product price and price differentials are now in the bottom zone, and quota management is about to fall at the legislative level. As supply-side structural reforms deepen, the competitive patterns of the industry converge, and we see that three generations of refrigerant are on the way.
As the company continues to expand in reverse, we see that after 2022 it is expected to have a market share of more than 30% in the three generations of refrigerant industry, and will lead the cyclical reversals as industry leaders. From the fluorine, fine chemicals, and fluorinated materials industries, as the living standards of our people continue to improve and strategic new industries are emerging.
Rapidly growing, fluorine products are growing with their unique properties, applications and market space, and demand is growing steadily. In terms of the company’s own internal efficiency, the company is constantly increasing the development of advanced fluorochlorinated chemical materials, high-end extension of the industry chain, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, and continued excellence in the industrial structure and product structure.
At this point in time, we look forward to a table showing the financial projections and valuations that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author