Net profits are back on track, starting with the mid-point mark.
Merchant banks (stock code: 600036) have grown steadily in size, with sufficient absconding net profit being provided. Debt costs are optimized, investment in public loans is speeded up: 2025h1, net corporate interest income is equal to 1.57%,
Zhang Iowi 57bp; downward adjustment and re-pricing effect of deposit rates, accelerated optimization of debt costs, rate of cost of interest-paying liabilities
Retail aum, customer number + 7.39 per cent and +2.86 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year, with customers of sunflowers and more, sound asset quality and marginal decline in retail underproduction rate: 2025h1, company non-performing loan rate of 0.93 per cent, which continues to decline compared to the previous year; among these, real estate risk insurance continues to advance, with exposure to risks increasing from the beginning of the year to 3.51 per cent, a negative rate.
-18bp. Unperforming retail lending rate 1.03% compared to +7bp at the beginning of the year, mainly affected by the rise in the risk of consumption, micro-lending and micro-lending; measuring the accumulated retail production rate of unsound annualization of 1.7%, ring comparison - 5bp. Company provision coverage investment proposal: companies maintain a dynamic balance of quality benefits around value banking strategic objectives.
A robust approach with significant retail financial advantages, enhanced core competencies in wealth management, financial science and technology, and risk management.
Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates on loans to banks and the scale and rate of growth of loans to banks
Figure 7: Merchant bank loan structure, Figure 9: Size and acceleration of bank deposits and Figure 10: Merchant bank deposit structure
Figure 11: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase in merchant banks, Figure 12: Other non-interest income, return on investment and speed of increase in caller banks, Figure 16: Porter bank provision coverage
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.