The net profit increase of 2025q2 was reversed, and the cost of deposits continued.
In the first half of 2025, the growth rate of net profit from parent-to-manufacturer banks increased by the same amount as in the second half of the year. The split-up structure, which generated net interest from banks in the first half of the year, generated $106.08 billion, or 1.57 per cent, and continued the growth trend since 2024q4.
Fees and commissions income of $37,602 million, or 1.89 per cent, of which revenue from the management of wealth was the same as +11.89 per cent, was driven by the combination of the increase in the scale of sales and the optimization of the product structure, while revenue from surrogates was the same as +26.27 per cent, while agent insurance income was affected by changes in the structure of operations and continued to be compared---
The average annualized return on interest-bearing assets is 3.14%, the same year-to-46bp; interest-bearing liabilities are subject to annual flatting of lpr and insufficient demand for effective credit; new loans are priced downwards and loans are averaged.
The rate of return continues to be low; on the other hand, the market interest rate centre continues to follow the policy interest rate downwards, and the rate of return on market-based assets, such as bond investment and discounting, continues to decline. At the end of the debt, high interest-storage practices, such as deposit interest rates, strict regulatory restrictions on manual interest collection, corporate ownership, etc.
Continuing to drive the growth of low-cost core deposits, which ranged from 34 bp to 1.26% in the first half of the year, with some positive effect on net interest rates. There is still some pressure on the quality of retail lending assets.
0.93%, compared to the previous year ' s end-0.02pt, where the non-performing loan rate for corporate loans improved by 1.03% from the end of 2024, while the quality of assets in retail loans, such as credit card loans, remained under considerable pressure.
As a result of the downside, banks’ asset end-of-end returns fall and net interest differentials continue to run the risk. Research reports, “positive” investors are only suitable for use of “middle- and high-risk” studies at risk levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department that have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.