Add Global Buy, Deepen Global Selling zheijangchinaCommoditiesc itygroup
On 11 December, the Chinese Government Network issued a State Council agreement on " Deepening International Trade Integration in the City of Yu, Zhejiang Province " .
Letter of support for the deepening of focus areas and key-link reforms in the U.S., leading to improvements in the manner in which municipal procurement trade takes place, the promotion of innovation in import trade, the full use of integrated tax zones, and the promotion of good cross-border electronics rules.
On 24 December, the National Development Reform Commission issued a publication entitled " Integrated Reforms for Deepening International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province " .
The focus of deepening market procurement trade reforms includes: (i) improving the way market procurement trade is conducted, (ii) promoting innovative development of import trade, (iii) making full use of integrated tax zones, (iv) building a secure and controlled network of overseas services, (v) strengthening internal and external trade integration standards, and (vi) strengthening internal and external trade market channels.
On December 24, the Secretary of the City Council of Yu, Wang Jian, stated at the launch of the “Integration of Integrated Reforms in International Trade in the City of Yu” that:
In the run-up to the World Cup, with Small Commodity City as the only pilot company, plans to launch the first positive list of imports of commodities such as toys tomorrow (December 25) as a breakthrough to accelerate the growth of import trade, aiming at 100 billion yuan in all of the city ' s imports in 2025 and a breakthrough of 300 billion yuan by 2030.
Optimize cross-border renminbi and foreign exchange services, provide compliance, safe, and efficient cross-border payment solutions, explore digital renminbi pilots in the area of cross-border trade in a sequence of steps, and protect trade by sea. In 2025, “pay-in” cross-border payments reached $5 billion, breaking by $10 billion in 2026.
The company will focus on the following five initiatives: (i) striving to increase the import of consumer goods per day, (ii) increasing the ability of exporting firms to digitize their trade, and (iii) increasing the capacity of exporters to do so.
Optimizing logistics channels to reduce compliance costs, (iv) improving efficiency and security in trade settlements, and (v) promoting data assetization to generate new dynamics in industrial growth. In January-November, the value of U-turn imports and exports totalled $61.39 billion, an increase of 17.6 per cent over last year ' s total value.
More specifically, exports amounted to $542.06 billion, an increase of 17.4 per cent in the same year; imports amounted to $71.93 billion, an increase of 19.0 per cent in the same year, while exports, imports and imports accounted for 12.8 per cent, 15.2 per cent and 5.8 per cent, respectively, of the province as a whole, an increase of 1.2, 1.1 and 0.9 percentage points, respectively.
We believe that YU is expected to speed up the process of “buying the world” and deepen the process of “selling the world.” Division valuation: cutting out the net profits of Chinagoods, giving 23 times the market value of offline operations in 2025.