On 8 April 2020, the company disclosed a forecast of its performance for the first quarter of 2020, with a projected net profit of $430 million, or 2.89-17.24 per cent, attributable to shareholders in the public sector.
The profit or loss is about $4 million. According to the company ' s performance report, disclosed on 28 February, in 2019, the company ' s total operating income was $12,523 million, an increase of 29.63 per cent in the same year; operating profits were $1,168 million, an increase of 19.49 per cent in the same year; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $1,157 million, an increase in the same year.
• Explicit content and multiple realizations drive rapid ultra-media development through the advantage of wide-power resources. With the resource advantages of Hunan wide-power, precision user orientation and uniquely refined content, the company has built itself into a core of its own mastery, with content production, global marketing, fee-paying membership transformations.
Mangotv jumped to 20 in China's Internet Enterprise 100 top list in 2019. Mangotv's main operator, Happy Sunshine, now earns $8.109 billion, an increase of 44.63%.
• The company's contribution to the public service advertising campaign, supplemented by the environmental expansion of the mango content, has had a significant impact on active users during the spring of 2020. The next stop is Happiness, which was the lowest/highest in a year:
During the week, Mango tv's dau grew by 26 per cent and Mango tv's use per person per day grew by 42.1 per cent, with a total of 17.561 billion aired during the first quarter, with excellent headlines, the next stop being Happiness, with 4.17 billion aired, 2.6 billion aired under the jackets in the online play, and in March, in Shang Gu-ming.
It's a big deal. The total amount of ICV is 11.11 billion, the net is bright, the Big Star, The Romantic Travel of Wives, Listen to Friends, Little Catchers, four web-based ICVs are showing more than 1 billion, and the March treatment net, Listen to Friends, continues to be hot, with a peak of 9.4 soybean petals.
• With the help of new 5g technologies, the Mandamus programme has been developed to expand synergies in the industrial chain and expand the commercial frontier. The company has an iptv/ott double licence plate, in cooperation with China's mobile Mimi Goo, Huaieng, etc., to explore the use of new technologies such as 5g/ar/vr for recreational applications.
• Take good care of quality entertainment in the context of the global era, integrate media developments in the 5g era, watch corporate “brain plus content” barriers and prospects for diversified business realization, and maintain a “highly recommended” rating
Keep an eye on the company's continued development of mango ecology based on the integration of the human media in the south of the city, taking full advantage of sustainable content and the synergies of the entire industry chain to achieve sustained and robust growth in overall operations. We expect Media Integration 2020-01-13.
The fall in performance of the o3 season was short-term perturbation, and the head of the o4 head focused on the upswings and upswings, 2019-10-31. Mango tv ads and memberships are still long-term.
High or sustained growth year-round, 2019-09-16 " Handheld Muck Video, Exploring 5g and New Opportunities for Industrial Development " 2019-07-03
"A 80% increase in the core mangotv camp, members and advertising business are expected to continue to look good. " 2019-05-071, with high performance growth in 2019 and a 3-17% increase in net profit in q1 in 2020.
Mangotv, a video site offline in Hunan, is its main position in responding to the impact of the new media, the strong list, where Mangotv jumped to 20, ranking first in the state-owned holdings, and for five years in a row in the Hunan province Internet companies. Mangotv drives the studio system, which, as of December 2019, was the first in a row.
Liu Wei, Xu Xiao, Wang Qing, Shen, Chen Xiaoyu, Liu, Ande Sheng, Hong Dynasty, Kong Xiaoichi, Qin Ming and Xiangjiang have taken over the studios. These 12 studios have 51% of the directors of the Hunan Guard 26 programmes, and have completed nearly 80% of Hunan Wai's self-organisation programmes, winning more than 80%.
90% of the channels collected, 70% of all the innovative programs that went into sample production and up-scaling also come from these 12 studios. The company, as a new mainstream media group with state ownership, integrates Mango ecology in the development of the Hutonan wide-media, taking full advantage of sustainable content self-regulation and the synergies of the whole industry chain, and achieving sustained business stability.
Income and profits continued to grow; Māori rates and net interest rates remained stable at a steady rate in 2019, while the cost rate remained stable at a steady rate. On 8 April 2020, the company disclosed a forecast of performance for the first quarter of 2020, expected to account for approximately $4 million in non-recurrent gains and losses in the first quarter of 2020.
In 2019, Mangotv's main operator, Hunan Happy Sunshine Interactive and Entertainment Media Ltd., achieved an operating income of 8009 million yuan, an increase of 44.63 per cent in the same year, with faster growth in advertising, membership and operator business, and a public service advertising war outbreak in 2 q1 companies, with headlines supplementing the growth of ecological support users
On January 27, the State Council issued a circular extending the spring holiday, Mangotv ' s first response, and the platform took the initiative to extend the free-of-charge period on the basis of seven days of free membership and to strengthen its welfare policy.
Since January 26, Mangotv has been investing a total of $500 million in advertising, placing thousands of users in the lake, directing users to keep abreast of the dynamics of the epidemic and reducing the number of out-of-country activities.
On the same day (in July of the beginning of the month), three public service announcements were launched to cover all forms of the platform “pc end, mobile end, pad end” and the platforms “iptv and ott” in Hunan Province, “Broadlight Radio 2020 Public Service to Control the Epidemic”, and it was announced that on 1 January Mangotv had raised the level of anti-epidemic advertising resources to 1 billion, and that it had integrated the placement of advertising posts in the stations.
Since February 4, Mangotv has officially started learning on the “Creating School without Extension” line, based on the “Sense + Quality Education” model.
It is planned to continue to introduce an authoritative and efficient education service, with full coverage of the authoritative curriculum and free access to high-quality resources, with the greatest possible reduction in the impact of the epidemic on the progress of the new semester.
The maximum holiday, the most residential spring festival, the number of active daily users at the end of the network, and the average number of users per day, are historically high. Questmobile data show that during the festival, the average number of days dau was 126 million, 120 million, 36.87 million, and 3228 million, respectively.
In the week of Mangotv, the next stop is Happiness, the dou peak was 26% higher than the day before the launch. Head video apps were active during the spring of 2020, with the dramatic impact of the show, and Mangotv grew by 42.1% per person per day during the spring of 2020.
A total of 17,561 million in a quarterly episode was aired, with excellent performances on the head. According to the boner heat index, a total of 16 television dramas were aired in 2020q1 mangos, a total of 13 online dramas were aired in 17,561 million, and TV and network dramas were aired in 9,767 million and 7,794 million, respectively.
The city's love play, Happiness next stop, was aired 4.17 billion times; in the online show, Love Under the Clothes played 2.6 billion times. The March episode was well performed, and the money was well received. In Happiness next and Under the Clothes.
The Mango follow-up series, after two blasts, showed a strong acceptance, with 1,420 million in March, 1.1 billion in " Time and You Sweet" and more than 1 billion in "Perfect Relationships", "Hands and Stars" and "Thirty Three Rooks and Kills" showing over 500 million.
A total of 11.11 billion amphibious performances in the first quarter of the year. According to the bone heat index, a total of 20 TVs were broadcast in 2020 q1 mangos, 14 web-based art, with a total of 11.11 billion, and television-based art and web-based art were broadcast 4,596 million and 7,214 million, respectively.
First of all, there are more than 1 billion members of the old television-mixing show " Happy Home Camp " , compared to 4 Internet-based art shows of more than 1 billion a quarter, " Star Big Detectives " , " wife ' s romantic trip " , " Friends listen " , and " Little ball chases " , with 21.1, 13.8, 11.4 and 11.3 billion, respectively.
In March, the television show showed a great deal of power. After March, the TV show showed more than 200 million performances for the first five shows, with 4.8, 450, 350 million performances for our band, Happy Camp, and Song Mangotv.
On February 19th, the high-quality and high-quality blending came on the air and quickly gained a wide range of appreciations, with the bean petals rating of 9.4 on the line, many times on the hot list, swept through the top of the list, and steadily turned into a boom-and-seeker.
In 2020, there was a wealth of amphibious art and television shows, and the amphibious + live product opened up new spaces, refined content and diversified co-manufacturing, and built corporate ecological barriers. Mangotv has the most powerful multi-multicultural team in the industry, with the advantage of home-made content based on precision user orientation and unique features, with home-made art at its core.
In 2018, the former director of Hunan-Dai, Wu Xinyi, the new director of the Mangotv programme centre, the Mangotv production centre (the Ministry of Control) had teams such as the studios, the Tanhai studio, the Yuan Bai Ri studio, and the Li Seng studio.
He was responsible for the production of "Star Big Detective," "Mom is Superman" and "The Romantic Travel of Wives" and the production of "The Mangotv Production Centre" and the "Agricultural Fair".
Mangotv has a strong viewer base and a branding effect; the new program highlights innovation and has a strong potential for growth. In 2019, Mangotv's own-made variety in the top10 mix took seven seats, with the fifth quarter of Ming Star Big Detective, and the second quarter of Wives Romance Traveling in 2.490 billion and 2.34 billion places respectively.
Numbers 3, 5. New home-grown networks with 2.450 billion, 20.90 billion and 1.92 billion broadcasts, with new programmes of 4th, 6th and 7th, are new, and are expected to expand in 2020, with some of these programmes affected by the epidemic being postponed, and the Mangang Plan.
Mangotv’s ability to make his own product remained stable in 2020, and in 2020 the number of businesses offering it remained essentially the same as in 2019, with more than half of them new.
In 2020, the Chamber of Commerce announced a variety of comprehensive arts, launched a project to bring Ming Stars and Red Kol together to produce a multi-multicultural programme, try to bring it on live, help advertisers to flow and realize. For example, in Women's Secret Gardens, Kolvia will partner with 12 stars and make it happen live.
By introducing the new business model of mixed art + live tape, Mangotv is expected to achieve integrated innovation in a variety of marketing methods and maintain the rate of increase in advertising revenue.
Headlines continue to be added, women's issues begin to explode, and the diversity of types is locked in more circles. In 2020, the next stop of happiness for women's viewers became the opening of the year, and discussions on platforms such as microblogging continued to increase, bringing Mango tv to 110 million in January, while raising its ranking on the download list.
With the prevailing trend unchanged, new and additional types of dramas, such as military brigades, quizzes, etc., as well as new subjects, such as science fiction, interactive dramas, will meet the needs of more users in different circles in the future.4 The Mandamus project, in cooperation with China, China, China, etc., will deepen the integration of the 5g media.
Large screen ecology includes content providers, content license plates, signal transmitters, and hardware terminals, including core resources that attract users, and qualifications are essential for doing business. 5g bandwidth, high speed, low time delay will make recreational interactive content based on cloud technology a reality and give the big screen a richer view of the scene.
A new business model, with larger screen value, would provide greater scope for revaluation, coupled with policy-level regulation of iptv and ott operations, and an interlocking video company such as Mangotv, with high-quality content and iptv and ttt operating plates, would have a better advantage.
In 2019, under the umbrella of the Institute of Innovation, the company provided a forward-looking layout of technologies such as 5g, ar, and vr. With China, it focused on video content, membership and joint marketing, big data referral, application promotion, and iptv.
The products and the Chinese services of Yuncdn have worked closely together in depth to create an eco-cooperative model of revenue-sharing. The company has introduced capital transfers from China’s mobile HS subsidiaries as strategic investors through a major asset restructuring package, and has signed a Strategic Co-operation Agreement with China’s mobile HSt. Mimi Goo Cultural Science and Technology Ltd.
Consider the company’s continued integration of Mango ecology in the development of the human media in Hunan, taking full advantage of the synergies between sustainable content self-regulation and the entire industrial chain, and achieving sustained and robust growth in overall operations. We maintain 2020/2011
Risks of content compliance, brain drain, new projects and user fees fall short of expectations.