Members' income continues to rise, short-term polytech projects are extended to long-term value.
• Q1 is expected to return to its mother ' s net profit of $4.3~490 million on the evening of 8 April, when the company announces its performance forecast for 2020 q1 +2.9 per cent \sim17.2 per cent. • Member income is expected to increase by more than 70 per cent on the same date, and advertising business is delayed due to the impact of the epidemic on part of the home-grown mastery
Overall: q1 profit growth is driven by higher member activity. Members ' income is projected to increase by more than 70% over the same year (measured by membership *arpu); advertising revenue is projected to increase by the same number (mainly because of the impact of the epidemic on home-grown ecstasy projects, extended online); copyright distribution revenue is expected to decline slightly over the same year (mostly because q1 confirmed the Fire King last year).
The first week of February was 58% higher than the first week of January’s daily life; according to easy data, the mango was 152 million in February.
Compared to +52 per cent; estimated 22.1 million q1 members (19q13.31 million + 66 per cent year-on-year, Ring 18 million year-on-year-on-year, but sales rates are expected to fall significantly from the epidemic) and soft and wide predominantly q1 vendors as follows: q1 q1 q1 Q1 q1 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 listen to Our Band
Twenty-one days before marriage, 3 with a cumulative total of 19 brands; 6 25 brands with a slight drop in comparison to 2019 q1 (Hahanonov ' s " Discovery " , " Daughters in Love " , " Wife 2 " ), mainly due to delays in the production of home-made polyculettes due to the epidemic.
More than 10 per cent of companies, through product upgrades, on-line education and life services, are expected to run 40 per cent of the operator's business: Mango tvq1 was originally planned as a home-made art that also included the number one player, The Onion Show, My favorite Women 2, Eight Mile, etc., and has not been reached by the epidemic; the q2 core polycrystry project has the name Fugitive 2 and Wive 4.
Target 2020 for advertising: so far, advertising has been under pressure from the epidemic, and companies have expanded their clients (especially overseas) by increasing their discounts, while increasing the ability to engage in one-size-fits-all business.q1 is affected by the epidemic.
The project was delayed, and all three of the q1 core home-made art are now taken before the Spring Festival, but overall, the mango stock project is rich, and it is expected that the second half of the q2 and the third and fourth quarters of the epidemic will be on the line as they improve, and that the stock of the project will provide the cornerstone for advertising performance throughout the year.
1. Mango super-media performance review for 2019: a sustained high-quality output, a new kol approach to advertising, a 5-year-old plan for short videos, a 100 per cent growth in staff operations and a new platform.
Mango supermedia, the country's only listed video platform with a national background, has grown robustly and has not. 2. Mango supermedia performance forecast for 2019: year-round innovation: 1. Member business is expected to benefit from improved industry competition patterns in 2020, and head platforms have reduced promotions and price increases
Profit meets expectations, a quarterly competition for quality content raises the arpu value; 2. Promotion of advertising activities with a high-powered mix + the mcn platform created by the Mandat project brings about performance growth points; 3. Strengthening collaboration with the video studio and continuous expansion of the educative team at the content end, with a further episode of 2020 expected.
Up the new steps; 4.5g application, in conjunction with the movement of major shareholders China, to continuously explore new video-watch models in the 5g era Internet video platforms with natural endowment advantages from Hunan Wide Power Group, using the divisional valuation method, Mango super-miptv and tt ' s operations component against branded new media shares (consistently expected p41x 2020wind), Mango super-mage video companies against taga shares
In the visual industry (pe20x~30x in 2020), the Mango tv part deals with the United States dollar netflix (Ps6~7x in 2020) and the media retail merry purchases are still small in size due to the loss of 2019 as a profit and gain, and according to the ps valuation, we believe that the Mango super-mediated long-term development space is wide, giving Mango super-mediated “recommended” ratings.
I. Overview of performance: projected profit growth of q1 is driven by higher income of its members, compared to single-digit growth (mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on the extension of home-made polytech projects): expected revenue from copyright distribution is lower than expected in the same year
Sliding (mainly because q1 confirmed last year's copyright distribution revenue for the Fire King); subsidiary entertainment media, mango entertainment q1 is expected to show an increase of 58% in the first week of the month over the first week of January; mangos, according to easy data, in February Mau 152 million a year + 52%; 4 million a year), gradually increasing the rate of payment. Advertising revenue accounts for about 30% of the total, measuring an increase in the number of places of q1:
The advertising mix (~30%) and the soft band (~70%) are expected to be hard and wide with the impact of the epidemic (total traffic is increasing over time, but sales are expected to fall significantly from the impact of the epidemic), and soft and wide is dominated by a variety of q1 vendors, as follows: To date, brand: same as 2019 °1 (Hahanof, " Away from the Adolescent " , " Daughters in love " , " Wirespace " )
There is a slight decline in six of the 25 brands, mainly due to delays in the production of home-made polytechnics as a result of the epidemic. Operators earn more than 10% of the total revenue, and companies are expected to increase their business by more than 40% through product upgrading, online education and life services.
See the content: Mango tvq1 was originally planned to be homemade, including the number one player, The Onion Show, My Loved Women 2, The Eight Mile, etc., which has not yet been reached by the epidemic; the q2 core ecstasy project, which is known as Breakthrough 2, The Wife 4, etc., is expected to be reworked and re-opened, but the overall top-line rhythm is expected to be delayed.
Target 2020 for advertising: As of now, advertising has been under pressure from the epidemic, companies have expanded their clients (especially overseas) by increasing discounts, while increasing their ability to engage in one-size-fits-all activities. q1 projects affected by the epidemic have been delayed, and the three core homemade q1-lines are now all taken before spring, but they are rich in mango reserves.
It is expected that the second half of q2 and the third and fourth quarters of the epidemic will be followed up, and that the stock of rich projects will provide the basis for year-round advertising performance. Figure 1: Disaggregated Mango super-media performance.
The average monthly arppu *12 rate for 2020q1 members is estimated in this way. See monthly users: Mangotv's latest monthly living activity (end of February) is 152 million, compared to the same period in 2019 +52% (questmobile data).
It shows that the first week of Mango tv in February 2020 saw a 58 per cent increase over the first week of January: the rate of payment is also high: we believe that Mango tv's overall rate of transfer of payments has increased quarterly, and according to data at the end of 2019 (18 million members plus 127 million monthly users), the rate of payment at the end of 2019 was about 14.4 per cent and the projected rate of payment at 2020 q1 was 14.5 per cent.
22.1 million people. Look at the value of the arpu: the company has gradually reduced its membership preferences since the second half of 2019, with an estimated total of arpu + 66 per cent of the average, a steady increase in the arpu = 209q1 and an expected total membership income of more than 70 per cent. Figure 2: Mango tv & Aichi membership income and membership *arpu
Figure 3: Comparison of data on user vs. (ii) Advertising: it is expected that there will be pressure across the industry on the spread of the epidemic, and that there will be a soft and commercial capacity, but revenue recognition has been delayed due to the delay in getting online on the home-made mastery project
Mangotv advertising revenue is divided into soft and wide income by type of business: hard and wide platform fees, platform traffic and advertising effects are the central determinants of revenue; soft and wide project fees, content quality is the central determinants of income. 1, hard and wide income: demand for advertising affected by the epidemic is weak and q1 is expected to perform fairly.
It's expected to be affected by the epidemic in a quarter, with a very high level of business income. Hard and wide revenue – total platform traffic < is highly relevant to the platform's total viewing time *a * commercial sales rate * depends on the overall advertising market view, as well as the average unit price * of the platform's advertising effects * *The pricing strategy takes into account the price of similar video platforms, short video/electric advertising, etc.
Strategy > (coefficienta represents the rate of arrival of advertising, which is related to the number of members of the platform,a we anticipate a high increase in the overall flow/user view of mango tvq1 (on the one hand, because residents stayed at home during the epidemic, more choices were made for entertainment on the line, and on the other hand, mangos were driven by hot shows such as Star Big Detective 5, Happiness Next).
The number of members and the number of users of tv has increased, but there has been a significant decline in the demand for the general advertising market to be affected by the epidemic, and as a result, advertising sales rates or average unit prices are expected to decline considerably, with a combination of two factors, and q1 is expected to perform fairly well.
Soft and wide revenue is mainly for home-made blenders. We split soft and open offer income = average single-sector variety * total number of open-sourcers.
The advertising position (related to the advertising industry and to the low impact of the art itself)* averages the unit price per advertising position (depending on the influence of the arts themselves, such as the S-level >a level, which averages the N-generation higher than the new one; it also depends on the advertising industry/macroeconomic climate of the same year).
It can be seen that, on the one hand, there has been a significant increase in the capacity of a single multi-multicultural recruiter in 2020o1 mangotv (2.8 publicitys/departments from 20191) to 6.3 advertising/departments), on the other hand, delays in the arrival of the planned partial home-grown projects due to the impact of the epidemic have led to a decrease in the total number of recruits (from 9 in 2019q1 to 3 in 2020q1 and three in all pre-spring films).
We believe that the large increase in the average number of single-multicultural vendors reflects the high market recognition and competitiveness of mangotv-multicultural content, although some of the current projects affected by the epidemic have been delayed, the core competitive advantage is still evident in the long term.
We believe that the core competitiveness of the platform ' s video drama business is mainly reflected in the number of events that the platform airs in order to boost the platform ' s advertising and membership income, and in the platform ' s ability to produce a home-grown set of events, which can be reflected in the number of head-made dramas.
We measure the quality of the platform's home-made plays by constructing the home-made Quality Index (QIQ) based on the weights of the Eunice Quarterly Top50 ranking. The 2020o1 mangotv platform is listed in the Top50 series in nine, which is the same number as the same period last year, and accounts for the entire list.
The percentage is 18%. The top 10 series is three (3/7/9 out of every 9 out of every 10 out of every 10 out of every 10 out of every 10 in the year). Last year, it was only one out of every 10 out of every 10 out of every 10 in the year. (Young Fight, 2020 q1 mango tv platform, 5 out of every 50 out of every 50 out of every 5 out of every 5 out of every 3,000 in the year.) I was waiting for you in Beijing.
The highest ranking of 8/12/14/19/25 is as sweet as you are. It is 15% of the total home-made series. The top 10 series is 13% of the total. There was no mango home-made series in the same period last year.
The share of 2020q1 mangotv home-made shows on top 50 (5) is 33% of the platform ' s total number of screens (three) and 7 percentage points below the 2019 home-made rate. In addition to the excellent quality indicators, the performance of the home-made shows on the three platforms evangelical, Achictic, Mango
The more pronounced growth in volatility suggests that the platform’s capacity to make itself is growing. Among these, the early stages of tether, Aichi, the period of about 2018q2, and the mango’s homemade boom, the period of 2019q1, are gradually decreasing the absolute difference in the numbers of the indicators of the tavern, Aichi, and Aichi.
We believe that long video platforms have essentially the same level of competitiveness as video shows, namely, the number of platforms broadcast head, the number of such events, which lead to the growth of their advertising and membership income, and the ability of platforms to produce them themselves, which can be reflected in their own head, the number of such events and the effects of their own production. Similarly, we calculate them by weighting them by the application of the quarterly top 50 list.
Based on the construction of the `Multicultural Quality Index' indicator, and taking into account that the properties of the amphibious season allow for more time to be spent by the ip than the usual screen show, the `Multicultural Quality' is added to the diversity measure of the platform's self-production quality.
Queue (17) fell by 5.9 per cent to 6 of the top 10 general arts (singer year, friend please listen, our band, Quijo, star detective 5, 3 in the list, ranking 3/4/5/6/7/9 respectively) and 60 per cent of the total list of general arts, and to 7 of the top 10 general arts last year (singer 2019, my daughter, voice 2, most powerful) during the same period.
The 2020q1 mangotv platform has a total of eight pop 50s, or 36% of the total number of home-made dramas. Top10 has a total of three (friends, our band, star detectives, number 5 with 4/5/7 rankings, respectively) and a total of 60% of the total. Last year, it was a total of two (wife's romantic travels, Hahanoff, etc.).
Mangotv shows the highest share of self-made art in the head-multiculture. Disaggregate the platform ' s top 50 types of art, man percentage points. Disaggregate the platform ' s top 10 types of art, mango self-manufacture, Hunan Watch, and out-of-pocket.
For the past three years, mangoes have been the same as troupe, ecclesiastical art, with a volatile growth in the performance of home-made art, indicating that the platform itself has grown.
The capacity to produce is growing, and the quarterly volatility of mangos is smaller than the evaporation rate. In terms of home-made multi-cultural indicators, the q1 mango self-made mastery has a long period of 2.25 years, mainly because of the next month of the platform, when the ip has been online for five years since 2016.
The General Assembly, the Son of Tomorrow, and homemakers have asked for the refrigerator, the miraculous story of Aichi's participation and the excellent participation of the Mars Intelligence Agency, which says that six seasons have been aired and the first season has been on the line for seven years now, making it the most long-lived comprehensive art.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jonesy, Assistant & Dean of the Democratic Securities President, Dr. Vanderbilt University, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, and Bachelor of Arts of the University of Gangdan.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.