After the explosion of the Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies, the next stop is the “sister-in-the-vision break-through” and the amphibious pattern has been defined: the mango-in-the-magnetization “first” status has been consolidated and the “sister-in-the-wind” has become the “speech-in-the-wind”
1 Multicultural Performance: In the bone-heat list Top 20, the number of tops remained almost eight left right; the value-for-money index remained over 120%, consistently higher than that of peers. 2 Multicultural teams: Hunan Watch and Mangotv have 32 Multicultural Teams, with 80.36% self-made mastery; 3 Multicultural Crafts
The screen shows continue to break: catching the younger generation is about catching up with the younger generation as a breakthrough point. One mangotv plays the monolithic type more than 70%, far more than the other platforms.
The total number of dramas is on the rise, with 4q19 showing an increase of 117 per cent over the previous 117 per cent. We believe that the future share of Mangotv solo love shows in the market for love shows will widen further and compete with Eyo Tent.
2 Mangotv is more popular with young users. As of June 2019, at the z generation ' s top 10app list, Mangotv was ranked fifth, the most popular video class.
Large screens provide cash flow: license plates have long-term advantages, and quality child content pulls up the arppu.
Seven service license plates are issued, of which all Mango supermedias are authorized.
Mangotv, on the back of the Golden Eagle cartoons, has a competitive advantage in the content of children. Long-term values are strong, with a focus on q4 performance doubles, happy purchase (based on 3 times ps) is valued on the basis of ps, and the end of the Hunan Vigilance Network is realized (30 times),
The big screen sector (30 times p), content production by pe (25 times p), is expected to have a reasonable valuation of 130 billion mango supermodules in 2020.
The general pattern of amphibious art has been defined: Mango monogamous “first” status has been gradually consolidated, with the “sisters of the wind” becoming the symbol of competition from 1.117 to 19 years, and mango “first” status from 20 years ago.
1.1.1 The market is highly competitive, with mangos performing better than their counterparts up to 3 m20. Mangotv network entering the bone data station network at the top of the monthly list of top 20, which is almost at eight, with significant advantages over other platforms.
The mango variety has remained above 120%, consistently higher than the other platforms. The sex ratio index: we use the share of the market to the weight of the user to reflect the value of the art. We find that from 1 m19 to 4m20, the mango tv network continues to have a 120% share of the value.
This compares with the fact that most of the other three platforms are below 100%, mangotv is well above the other three platforms, and its advantages are stable over the long term.
Mango tv produces 80.36% of the total. Mango tv produces more than any other platform. In 2019, Mango typists made a total of 45, excellent 13, tactile 40, tactile 23, and none of the other three tactiles made more than half the total. Mango tv tv tactiles are more capable than any other platform.
Mango tv is the same copyright, and in 2019, in the total number of live top50, Hunan was able to play a total of 14 or 28 per cent of the Mango tv products, the top of the video platforms.
The reason for the continuous innovation of mangoes is that 3q12 to 1q17 is the period of the explosion of television consummation; 2q17 to 2q18 is the period of the outbreak of the innovation of the animated confluence; and 3q18 is the period of the innovation of the mango confluence. This reflects the innovative capacity of the Hunan Vision and Mangotv conglomerate groups, and it also builds.
Mango amphibious art first. 1.2 " Sisters in the wind " : " Once again " , it is more important to break down the show " , and it is easier to draw attention to it because of its voting mechanisms.
The platform will benefit from a higher level of discussion, attracting more sponsors. Creation 101 came online in April 2018, with a high volume of subscriptions to video services for the second quarter of the news, amounting to 74 million households, a 121 per cent increase over the same period.
The innovative capacity of mangoes is not only in the way that new questions can be introduced, but also in the way that they can be further innovative and better done after the same period, when the mangotv creative polymagnetisms have exploded. The polymagnets like them have gone out of their way, but not in their market performance.
For example, Life of Hope, which has a broadcast of 2 billion, followed by Happiness Trio, which has a similar theme, with only 1.17 billion. At the same time, mangos are able to innovate on this basis after other platforms have burst into flames. For example, Singer, and Good Voices in China.
It's also a music competition, but it's also a show of music, but it's also a show of music, and it's a show of music, and it's a show of talent, and it's a show of talent.
By July, but since May, attention has been drawn to the fact that "Sisters on the Wind" is chosen for the show, but captures the audience's "negative mind" and tries to break the beauty fatigue. Internet users pay more attention to the variety of artists, sisters, and traditional icons.
The founder and manager are very much on the subject, plus the heat caused by the Liu Mintao incident, and the sister of the wind is expected to be a successful end to the war.
2.1 The demand for the market for love items is strong, and the market share is expanded at the entry point for love items.  More than 50% of the collection of love dramas in the market theatre, and the prospects for market demand are good.  We classify the drama as love speech, contemporary military brigade, family, combat/warfare, science fiction, history, history.
A total of 339 video shows and online dramas, of which 182 are love-like, or 53.69 per cent, according to bone data.
A total of 99 online films were produced in 1q2020, of which 57 were love-like, or 57.58 per cent, representing a slight increase from 1q2019: less than 15 per cent of all other types of playbooks. The Mangotv love-type ratio remained at over 70 per cent, and with the number of online dramas increasing, some were
And, in 2019, Mango tv tv q19 to 1q20 was more than 70% of love plays than any other platform. In 2019, Mango tv solo dramas outperformed the entire market for love dramas.
At that time, since 4q18, Mangotv has seen an upward trend in the number of quarterly online dramas, although due to the epidemic, there has been an increase compared to 27 in 2019. Therefore, we believe that the future Mangotv solo love plays will have a wider share in the market for love dramas and compete with Ae-Yung.
In 2020, Mangotv entered into a strategy with a number of head-vision companies to work together (seeing, watching, watching, watching, watching, having fun, seeing the Swe century, seeing perfect).
The New Man Plan, in partnership with some of the “Small and American” video companies, is a special fund to identify quality literature in and out of the market for priority development by producing companies.
Figure 14: Internal studios in Mangotv Films Chart 15: External Cooperation in Mangotv Films 2.2.
According to the questmobile data, as of August 2019, the proportion of users under 24 years of age in mango tv was 39.8%, which is higher than in the industry and captures young people and captures the basis for future growth.
The “z generation” – mainly “after 95+00” – accounts for more than 30% of the total online population, contributing to the list, with Mangotv in fifth place, while Aichi culture, coolness, and evangelism are not on the list. Mangotv is the most popular type of video app for the z generation.
3. Large screen cash flow: license plates have long-term advantages, quality young content pulls up, arpu up 3.1 large screen analysis framework: older persons and children are the focus and young people are in high demand for content
The remote control is in the hands of whom the choice is made. When you analyze the user screen and view the selection, we divide the domestic family into four categories: young families (no children), middle-aged + young families, children + young families and children + elderly + young families.
The dominant position is in the hands of young people, the elderly, children and the elderly, the young and the elderly, who are more inclined to film and film, and children who are more inclined to animated young people's content. In addition to young people's need for ott, the rest of the iptv and tt are more inclined to be in the interest of young people's families.
Figure 18: Television mode user selection: big screen content selection decision-making in the hands of the elderly and children
♪ I've got to go, I've got to go, I've got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go,
♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Children ♪ ♪ Sports ♪ ♪ Game ♪ ♪
iptvcatv Children + Middle and Senior + Young Families iptvott >catv
According to China Radio and Television Network Ltd., in 2018, male users of iptv and ttt scored a significantly higher proportion of older persons and children in large screen user groups than in small screens.
The proportion of persons aged 35 and 32.4 per cent, respectively, compared with the age distribution of users at the mobile end of the long video platform in August 2019, was 8.4 per cent, 12.3 per cent, 11.8 per cent and 20.7 per cent, respectively, well below the big screen.
If it's a "youth + children" family model, the person in charge of the TV is a child, and the choice of the contents of this family TV is more in favour of the child. We assume that .iptv and ttt choose to use the content in favour of the elderly and the child about 50%.
In June 2019, out of a total of 40.9% of the total number of different types of content on the spot, the younger group was second only to 40.9%.
45.6% of TV dramas: out of a total of 16.5% of the total number of hours that tweep out of the different types of content, young children are also ranked second. At the same time, in the first half of the year 2019, young children accounted for 385.6 minutes of film and documentary productions.
Figure 24: The total length of time spent on different types of content on the spot is 3.2iptv and ttt ' s future point of growth: the increase in the arppu value is the core. The growth of users of iptv is slightly weak and future market size is largely dependent on an increase in the arppu value.
In June of 2016, China moved with an approved iptv license, pushing the overall iptv penetration rate to over 60%. The number of broadband converters of iptv users is now saturated, and the rate of growth is slowing down.
The number of users increased by 9.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis at 1q20. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the number of users/operators of iptv is 65.6 per cent for broadband users at 1q20.
User penetration for iptv = number of users for iptv / total Internet broadband access for three basic telecommunications enterprises ott user size and opening rate have increased. The key qualitative change is the closing of screens. 2m20, the size of the ttt user is 400 million. Since 2018, the number of active terminals at the ott end of the day has gradually increased.
The home entertainment climate under the influence of the home economy has increased significantly at the end of 2 m20, the start-up rate (45%) and the start-up time (6.4 hours/day). Mangotv is now ranked fourth in terms of the size of the user and the viewing rate.
Broadly, not only do video platforms like "Eutenman" have screen interfaces, but they also have a lot of professional slideshows. Musical data show that between January 2018 and February 2020, the number of monthly activity increases by more than 7.5 times.
The growth in the number of ott subscriptions in the future will depend to a large extent on replaying the screens, extra fees, or a sustained uplifting of the arppu value. For example, mobile iptv is shown as a monthly package in Hunan, Zhejiang, Hebei, and North of the Lake.
It's like charging separately or using a premium formula that includes the content of the children's district. In 2019, the iptv video was moved north of the river, and the price of the children's district was $239 per year: the iptv was moved north of the lake to launch the supervised video package and the super-baby bag, 29 yuan/continuous month.
The prices are 9 and 29 yuan/month, respectively, with the same unit price as the film and television district, while Zhejiang has 10 yuan/month more than the price of a package containing only television and film content.
The video area and the kids separate the fees. And according to the Ovi Recreation data, the hot score for the TOP 1 program is just as good as the hot score for the TV show top1, the preference for the show is higher for the big screen users, and the users pay for the content of the children separately or continue to increase the value of the arppu.
3.3 Operators have long-term advantages by binding and consolidating entry barriers, relying on the strong content advantages of the Golden Eagle Cartoon children, the scarcity of license plates, and the long-term advantages of mango super-media screens with content and license plates.Piptv now has a two-tier integrated broadcasting platform structure, with two content platform plates currently issued.
IPTV has a license plate, the provincial IPTV has a license plate, 4 (including authorization from the Mango super-mango radio and television station in Hunan) and the local IPTV transmission network license plate has three main operators licence plates.
Mango super-media has been authorized by Radio and Television Hunan (RTH), which issues seven integrated service licence plates (including Radio and Television Hunan (RTH), which has been authorized by Mango super-media). In conjunction with China's move-in into Mango super-media, it has become its second largest shareholder, or has contributed to its outreach outside the province of iptv. On 27 May 2019, China moved.
The mobile capital of the SWF has been involved in the Mango super-movement growth, investing 1.6 billion yuan, with 4.34% shareholding, making it the second largest shareholder of the Mango super-movement. China’s mobile has a wide range of communications clients across the country, or has introduced a greater flow of mangotv on the big screen, and has worked more closely with Micaw videos.
At the same time, they will cooperate further in the development and application of strategies, commercial layouts, and 5g.  Mangotv children’s content is better than Euyotra’s single production. No copyright animations are available.
As of August 2019, the number of copyright animations was 20, Aichi 15, Juicy 14 and Mango tv 13. From the number of broadcasts, Mango tv was involved in the production of 1 m20-4m202050 monthly Top50 content.
47.14% of the total number of copies broadcasted is more than 50% per month, and the sum of 1 m-4m is 52.47%, which is more than the number of copies.
The viewer base of Golden Eagle cartoons is maintained by exclusive content, or by providing a competitive advantage to young children in Mangotv.
13th place, the viewing rate is higher than that of other channels for young children and the Vigilance Channel. A good audience base can provide a competitive advantage for Mangotv.
And parents with children. Mad McKenzie is a big-star parent and son of Golden Eagle cartoons, launched in 2014, and is currently the largest-ever season of Golden Eagle cartoon seasons, with 73.952 million broadcasts in season seven.
In addition to those under 19, the proportion of persons aged 30-39 was 55.82 per cent, while the household user base was the same as the new media business, which led to a steady increase in income, and continued to experiment with innovative models  the Internet video business plus the member business income contribution, with the company ' s 1q20 income rising on a one-to-one basis.
The rate was 9.7 per cent, with the company 1q20 achieving operating income of 2,727 million yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period. The company achieved revenue of 12.5 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 29.4 per cent over the same year. The Internet video business realized operating income of 5,044 million yuan, an increase of 56.46 per cent over the same year.
The income of the media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc. The income of the women media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc. 4.2 The profitability of the economy continues to improve, and operating rates are well regulated.
▪ As the first Internet video platform to make a profit, the company ' s overall profitability continues to improve and its operating rates are stable. The company achieved a net return of 480 million yuan in 1q20. This compares with an increase of 14.8 per cent. The company achieved a return of 1,156 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 33.6 per cent.
In 2019, the company ' s Māori rate was 33.7%, a decrease of 3.31pct from the same year. The split shows that due to the government ' s increased regulatory influence, parts of the content were not online in time, and content production was 26.8% from 2019, a decrease of 13pt from the same time.
The decline is more pronounced, with stable rates of management and research and development costs. Cost controls are significant.
Figure 41: Mango SuperMechanisms 2017-2019 Māori Rates 42: Mango SuperMechanism 2017-1q20 Operating Rate 4.3 Operating Cash Flows Overall Good
The company ' s operating net cash flow was positive in 2019, with a net flow of $293 million. The 1q20 operating net cash outflows of $353 million, representing a net outflow of 490 million compared to 1q19, a decrease of 28 per cent compared with the corresponding figure, and the key assumption of operating cash flow: 1 mangotv ' s mau is expected to grow steadily, as the base of mau at this stage is expected to grow steadily.
Smaller, coupled with high-quality content (theatrical and the arts), there is still much room for growth.2 The advertising income component, the Mangotv-multicultural content quality advantage, remains and is expected to continue to improve, especially in the light of the newness of home-made networks and the deepening of the soft spread.3 Members ' income component, the rate of payment is expected to increase further.
The level of single-paying user fees has steadily increased. 4 Operator operations are expected to continue to expand, iptv and ott base package operations are expected to deepen their penetration mainly in Hunan Province, while value-added package operations are expected to continue to expand out of the province.
0.05/0.005/0.05 million yuan. With the continued expansion of iptv and ott's operations, we expect to create the key assumption that: 1 as the main cost of the Internet video business is derived from copyright costs, the rate of growth will slow as the artist's costs gradually decline. 2 Other costs, such as employee remuneration, technical costs
Many times), happy purchases (three times ps) are valued at ps, and the HSNE end is realized (30 times pe), the big screen sector (30 times pe) and content production is estimated at pepe (25 times pe), with a reasonable valuation of mango excess media estimated at 130 billion in 2020.
• Policy oversight risks. The DGAEC’s tighter regulation of the content of the mixed-art programmes and video shows may result in the risk that the content of the company’s video site will be delayed, unbroadcasted, or dropped.
▪ Associated sales as a share of revenue in the company’s association transactions in 2018 were 23.09%. Hunan Watch’s support for the company may affect profitability if not anticipated.  Inventory impairment and the risk of bad accounts receivable.
If so, the company’s business performance may be affected, resulting in a certain risk of stock impairment and bad accounts receivable.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment