"Sisters on Waves" captures the net, and is expected to lead to an innovation in mango performance - Mango super-mediament event: June 14, 2020, at 12 noon, "Sisters on Waves" on the line, Man on Mangotv.
The program's innovative orientation of 30+ women, with a high ability to constantly challenge traditional women's ideas, is highly topical. The data reached the top of the line and received a high score of 8.5 in soybean petals; the seven-meat data show a moving end.
• The viewers were predominantly 90 years old, 60 per cent more willing to pay, and the new members were expected to grow, reaching a total of 60.76 per cent, with a relatively balanced audience of 52:47, with young female viewers showing concern for the best performers and sisters, and the proportion of women and men watching The Sisters of the Wind.
The first stage of brand advertising has reached 13, and it's now in the first stage of the same kind of show show, and according to incomplete statistics, the number of brand sponsorships mentioned in the first issue has reached 13, except for the Vatican and the classics.
The rest of the brands appear on the show, in addition to a separate small theatre ad, in the form of oral broadcasts, flowers and brand displays. More than in the same period, similar programmes like Youth with You in the 2nd Quarter (5), Camp 2020, the lowest/highest in a year:
The number of brands (11) reflects the sponsors’ high recognition of the program. • Immediate + live feed innovations, and the Mang Plan to improve the eco-closing loops.
The viewers can buy it directly through Mango tv and Mango tv platforms, which are based on the production and consumption chains generated by fans' love for stars, programmes and items that appear in the programme, which enhances the economic benefits of the art.
• Keeping in view the growth of the popular talent plus content barrier and the prospect of diversified commercial realization in the era of media development, and maintaining the “highly recommended” rating;
The Division takes full advantage of sustainable content self-contained advantages and the synergies of the whole industry chain, achieving sustained robust business growth and further stifling the mango ecology. We expect a net profit forecast for 2020/2011/2022.
· A new growth in the fruit ecology, 2020-04-29. Media integration, 2020-01-13. A quick increase in the concentration of content, 2019-10-31.
" Mango tv advertising and membership business is still long-term, with high annual performance or sustained growth " 2019-09-16 " , " Sister " is a high-level phenomenon-comprehensive grouping, with the opening of the broadcast, i.e., the capture of the broad-based programme " c " .
The film's innovative, industry-class production, Aichi's "You're Young" is just down, and the creative camp 2020 is still on the air, but unlike the young and beautiful practicers, it's worth the time for the 30+ sisters to form a women's band.
In the campaign, some of the components of the idolatry show continued, but the production groups that were hidden from the sisters and the field scoring mechanisms, the design of the rehearsals, the whole of the wheat, and the free decision of the sequence of appearances, also increased the difficulty and doubled the difficulty. The first group competition brought 500 women to the public for review, and the voting mechanism was likely to be launched later.
Fig. 1: Uncertificated Caddy Shows, Fig. 2: Mentors openly judge that the program is capable of challenging the traditional women's group.
Since the launch of the show, much of the idea of a women's group has been discussed with a lot of fans, and it's also a stereotyped image of the current homogenous show. But 30 sisters who have been out for years have different characteristics, different careers, different talents.
Yes, how these complex features work together, and what kind of women can do, and these questions are being countered in the show, where Producer Edward suggested that the women's group should be as good-looking and as good-looking as Huang San Yi. When the singer Ding sings "I'm a Little Bird" all over the show, she becomes a team of potentials.
Fifteen points, "Dingdang is a good singer, but it's a great singer, and it's bad enough for others, and it's not the same thing to put it in the band." Sisters say it's hard to understand, and viewers think that Dew's personality is too subjective, and that the big social platforms are controversial.
Traditional women's standards, free-standing sisters, weak and helpless crews, sisters come to the show for a variety of reasons, perhaps to go beyond themselves and break the rules; maybe.
It's home from abroad that they want more stage exposure; it's more likely that they're just showing themselves and showing their style. They have very strong personal features, and they also challenge the stage forms of swords, new national music, rap, and so on, which makes them very different from the practice of wearing the same clothes as their students, and the rules of procedure go to the abridged catalogue.
Figure 5: Leslie's rap show. Figure 6: I can do the interview, when I say I'm in charge, when I'm in front of the show, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in front of the show, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge of the show, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge of the show, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge, when I'm in charge.
It's been agreed that pre-play auditions can be adjusted and shut down. It's not possible to pick up a cell phone, sit down, and so on. Some sisters sleep too late, and some of them send the show for a midnight snack. After the show, the coaches give what they say is "only for information," go to dance groups, sound groups, or choose whether they can't do it for a while.
The X card cards that set the direction of the group, and the sisters can do the same for themselves. Moreover, in the self-selected band, the sisters can change the choice of the purpose of the public music.
As a member of the group of witnesses who calmed our sisters, he told us that this was just a small item and that he had several round-the-clock sessions in which his mentors gave their opinions.
Figure 8: Pictures of Huang Xiaoming's interview, targeted as an imitation of the women's group, a 30+ sister group show, with the participation of sisters who have been on the show for many years, is a stark contrast to the parallel show. Thirty-year-olds are widely recognized for women.
It's set as a threshold, and it's more obvious in the entertainment world. It matches women's career bottlenecks, age issues, and other hot spots.
This time, through the lines of "Thirty Quantities," "Sisters don't mean Age, Sisters are Independent and Self-Sustaining", the idea of women having courage and dreams after 30 years of age and continuing their courageous departures not only widens the audience, but also gives ordinary people a sense of the discomfort and resilience of the time passing on to their sisters, creating a collective resonance among the viewers.
The view also prepared luxury lips to be stamped in the regional and clothing rooms, and the grand main stage was designed as a shipbone structure, in line with the site lights, which reflect the theme of the storm.
Figure 10: Initial assessment rooms provided by the program team 1.2, production groups and heavy-pound guest collection Yun, made up of Chen Qi Jian, Duhua, Zhao Moo.
Wong Xiaoming is a witness to the group. The first stage of the show is a 100-point rating, and the coach is given a four-dimensional rating of the girls from their personal characteristics, their potential, their vocal performance, their performance, their four-dimensional rating of 25 points each, and Duva is responsible for the performance of the group's potential and the individual's scoring.
Figure 11: Members of the Production Group A witness to Huang Xiaoming: Chinese actor and singer from Mainland China
The group selected 30 special sisters who were over 30 years of age, 36 years of age and 7 years of age at the shortest.
They're all sending a signal of beauty and confidence.
The selection of a 30+ star group is certainly a subversive innovation compared to a grasshopper or an exercise contest, and the invitation to 30 sisters has been widely debated by the audience. Unlike those who don't have a fan base, each sister has achieved something in her own field, some with the support of her brother-in-law.
Ben, just picking the corner raised the audience’s curiosity. Mango tv then launched the 30+ Women’s In-depth Interviews, " Definitions " , with the same brand name, to further identify sisters or similar, or different personal characteristics, and to increase the audience’s expectations. The programmes were conducted in a non-advocacy and unattractively searchable broadcaster.
The results show that the quality of the programme is at the top of the programme, " Sisters on the Wind " , which has been on the audience ' s list since the announcement of the guest.
At 12 p.m., Mango tv was successfully placed on top platforms without official, unsettled, and unheated searches. As of 12 p.m. on 14 June, the first (upward) platform was shown with 170 million hits, with 100-degree search measures reaching 33,243 and 2,499 million discussions and readings on topics related to microblogging.
After the show went online, the five stars and the four stars rated about 87%. Compared to the last two years of the show, the one with the wind is better on the table, and in 2018, "Illustrative exercise student" beans.
The highest rating of 6.3 was for three stars, accounting for about 33 per cent of the score, and the first one-hour pass was 100 million; the Aki art product, Youth with You 2, scored 5.7, and the highest score was for three stars, accounting for about 36 per cent of the score, and the daily Aichi performance was over 9,000 +; and the creative camp 2020 was launched.
In 6.2, the highest ratings were given to four stars and three stars, accounting for about 56 per cent of the total; as of the evening of June 13th, the total number of rounds in the first quarter was 430 million. The seven-meat data show that the moving end of the app mangotv ranking is also significantly higher, as shown in figure 19: the mangotvapp ranking was significantly higher after the broadcast.
The Queen's sister, who's on the wind wave, scores 8.5 points, and the Queen's (2020), according to the 100-degree index, 46% of the people who are concerned with the Queen's Wave are between 20 and 29 years of age, both men and women.
The audience is 52:47, which is relatively balanced, while 53% of the viewers in Youth2 are 30-39 years of age, aged under 19 years of age, with the highest proportion of viewers in the three arts, with the overall audience being small; the male audience is 38:62, and the female audience outnumbers the male audience.
The contestants and their sisters are concerned that the proportion of women and men watching "Sisters in the Wind" is not different, showing a wide distribution of age in view of "Sisters in the Wind", "Young in Youth", "Creating in Camp 2020", "Sisters in the Wind", "You in Youth", "You in Camp 2020"
The number of brand advertising sponsors reached 13, the number of brand sponsors mentioned in the first show of the same type, and the number of brand sponsors in the first show was 13, except for the Van Meeren and the classics, which had separate little theatre ads, all of which appeared on the show in the form of oral broadcasts, flowers and brand displays.
The number of brands in the second quarter of the similar issue, Youth Prices (5), and Camp 2020 (11), reflects the high level of acceptance of the programme by sponsors.
Mango supermedias have previously proposed a Mango project, Mango tv's on-line "Mango good" to enhance the ability of the poly-magnets, and have launched a new business model called "Mango + Live" which focuses on Mango media creativity and content production, with a deep combination of large data mining, long-tailing membership, web-red mcn social power providers, etc.
For its part, the media electrician, working with the star artist, digging and developing the net red, offers the best presentation of the commodity and brings it to the market. This time, Sisters on the Wind, synchronized to the line and wore the key words in the show, "III."
After the age of 10, there are fewer witnesses in life, but they can also be self-inflicted.” The viewers can buy directly through Mango tv, the Mango Creature Public and Mango tv platform, which is based on the production and consumption chains of products generated by fans' love for stars, programmes and items that appear in the programme, which enhances the economic benefits of the art.
♪ The one who's on the wind, the one who's on the line, the one who's on the wind, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the street, the one who's on the side ♪
I've chosen the best, I've chosen the best, and I've taken the wind, and I've cut through it, and I've got it all in order.
The secret to the whole National Women's Club's play is that the flag of the wind has been raised, and the sister of the wind is on the side of the t-shirt.
"Sisters in the Wind" is the result of the market mentality and the taste of the audience. The market is marked by a proliferation of homogenous idols, an excessive number of students, but of poor quality, which makes the image of mature and attractive sisters even more visible and highly qualified in this profession.
Illustrative standards are extremely attractive to market viewers as well. Watching The Sisters of the Wind boom boost the growth of fee-paying members and advertising, companies take advantage of sustainable content self-regulation and the synergies of the entire industry chain to achieve sustained and robust growth in overall business.
Risks of content compliance, brain drain, new projects and user fees fall short of expectations.