From Maroon Hill to Disneyland, the unique gene cast is the Mango Ecology Mango Supermix (300413.sz)
• Media-wide integration, construction of the eco-protective river, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating, we believe that the Disney growth path is expected to be overstretched in mangos, based on the size of the user and the value of the user: a sustained increase in the size of the user base as the diversity of content matrix and channels is constructed; and with the public
In contrast to Disney, where mango ecology has its own unique genes, we look at the company's outstanding content-making capabilities from a mix of art to a set of dramas, superbing the landscape's content marketing patterns and the full range of content marketing models.
The mainstream media in the context of media integration development, companies will become a unique global group of integrated media. We widen user boundaries and deepen membership values, and the Disney-style growth path is likely to recreate.
The matrix and the "Cloud Screen" integrated media distribution system continuously expands the user base. The company continues to attract user fees for the first level from mau to payee users; creates a life-cycle mix of ip and power plays for the second level from payer to faithful payer; and through "online plus below line"
2020-05 Full-scale fanization, with content payments to the third level of multiple payments, deep-seated membership values. ♪ Born young, unique genes cast a mango ecology from a unique original, based on unique blood creation and incentive mechanisms. ♪
With the creation of the ip matrix production line, it is possible to re-engineer, industrialize, and re-engineer into the production of the drama, thus creating a dual brand of mango products, “multicultural” plus “america” and creating an ecological closure of all-out video productions of the core content.
In the context of media integration, companies carry on with HUNAN’s open power to maintain the right genes, highlight youth and positive energy, highlight mainstream media values, and provide protection for development. Income growth is not as high as expected; and there is uncertainty about the impact of changes in content-sector policies on companies.
All media integrated development, deep-seated moats 1.1. Corporate profile: Hunan's core assets are on the market as a whole, with access to content-channels, a company formerly Happy Shopping Co. Ltd. (“Happy Buy”), which was created in 2005.
In June 2018, happy purchases were made by issuing shares to buy happy sunshine, mango entertainment, daily entertainment media, mango visuals, mango entertainment, 100% of the five public departments, completing a major asset reorganization, and the listed company was renamed Mango Supermax Ltd., from the Media.
Retailing platforms have been completely transformed into “new mainstream state-owned media groups.” With mangotv as a core, companies have built a whole-of-business ecology that encompasses video platforms, video fairs, games competitions, entertainers, music, power-market finance, and pip copyright, among other things, building strong creative content production capabilities.
Figure 2: The company has a centralized and stable stake in the “content-channel” industrial chain around an integrated media platform, with Luanan Radio and Television as the de facto controller. As of 13 May 2020, the Department was controlled by Mango Media Ltd., with 64.20% of the shares.
Mango Media Co. Ltd. became the real control of the company. In May 2019, China moved capital in mobile subsidiaries.