Re-innovation of membership and advertising, new growth of mango ecology in the 5g era - Annual review of Mango Supermedia: company ' s annual report for 2019 and the first quarter of 2020
On 25 April 2019, the company issued a financial statement in which it achieved business income of $12.501 billion in 2019, while in the first quarter it achieved gross operating income of $2.727 billion, an increase of 9.74 per cent over the previous year; and net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company of $480 million, an increase of 14.82 per cent over the same period.
• In 2019, performance continued to grow, with members and advertising re-innovating, with 18.37 million paying members. In 2019, companies achieved business income of $12.501 billion, an increase of 29.40 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to parent companies increased by $1,156 million, an increase of 33.59 per cent over the same period, and earnings and profits continued to grow.
Newly upgraded members interact with advertising, creating a virtuous interaction that drives the rapid growth of Internet video businesses. In 2019, Internet video businesses achieved $5,044 million in operating income, an increase of 56.46 per cent over the same period, of which advertising revenue of $3.35 billion, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period, and membership income of $1.69 billion, an increase of 102 per cent over the same period.
Quality content strategy builds on core strengths, philosophies collect a lot of money, content eco-barriers. The company has the most powerful polycrystry teams in the industry, with the advantage of precision user orientation and uniquely refined content, to create a confluence of refined content and diversified realization, and to construct corporate eco-barriers.
Minimum/highest in a year: 6 out of 10 mangos, more diverse in 2020, and 10,000 in a quarter. Headlines continued to be added in 2020, with a total of 17,561 million in one quarter.
Happiness has been aired 4.17 billion times, and it is expected that the heat of the new online drama will continue to rise.
New technologies, such as 5g/ar/vr, explore recreational applications, while companies undertake the Mandat project, enrich the platform content matrix, create their own short video mcn matrix, and form a homemade micro-calendar matrix, represented by @Clutch Cheese, @Little Lamb, and @Amo's kind of benevolent.
• Good quality entertainment in the context of the global era, media development in the 5g era, corporate “brain plus content” barriers and prospects for diversified business realization, maintaining a “very recommended” rating, and continuing the company's integration of Mango ecology into development based on the human power media in Hunan, with full sustainable content
We expect a steady and steady growth in business as a whole, with a combination of home-grown advantages and a whole-of-the-industry chain. We expect to double that. Maintain the “very recommended” rating.
Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 & Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q Q1 Q1 Q Q Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q Q1 Q1 Q Q Q
The main position in the response to the impact of the new media is seen in the annual performance or sustained high growth of 2019-09-16 New Opportunities for Industrial Development of 2019-07-03 Mangotv, a video site released from Hunan Radio.
Mango tv jumped to 20, ranking first in state-owned holdings, and five years in a row in Hunan province. Mango tv promoted the studio system. As of December 2019, there were Liu Wei, Xiaoqing, Wang Qing, Shen Xin, Chen Xiaoyu, Liu Xin, And Sheng Sheng, Hong Hsing, Kong Xiaoichi, Qin.
These 12 studios have 51% of the directors of 26 Hunan Watch programmes, and have completed close to 80% of Hunan Watch's own programmes, winning more than one studio. As a new mainstream media group with state ownership, the company has integrated the development of the Hunan Wide Media.
The year 2019 was the first full accounting year after the reorganization of the company’s major assets, and the company’s main business section included the operation of new media platforms, interactive media content production, media retailing and others.
The new mainstream media, with companies integrating media ecology with Tomango features, taking full advantage of sustainable content self-production and industry associations, has developed an Internet video platform with a core that covers Internet video members, advertising, iptv operations, film and film dramas, multimedia productions, artist brokers, music copyright operations, games and ip content interactions
On April 25, 2020, the company released its annual report for 2019 and its report for the first quarter of 2020.
In 2019, the company achieved business income of $12,501 million, an increase of 29.40 per cent in the same year; net profit for shareholders belonging to the parent company of $1,156 million, an increase of 33.59 per cent in the same year; Maori rates and net interest rates decreased slightly in 2019, while the cost rate remained stable during the period.
Billion dollars, an increase of 9.74 per cent in the same year; $480 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 14.82 per cent in the same year; 2. Re-innovation in membership and advertising, with the value of multiple co-disposals highlighted.
Cars, fashions, and others, with the highest share of household life business, 42.90% in 2017. In 2018, the company acquired the Hunan Happy Sunshine Interactive Entertainment Media Company Ltd., Shanghai Mango Recreation Technology Ltd., Shanghai Leisure Media Ltd., Mango Video Culture Ltd. and Hunan Mango Recreation Company Ltd.
In 2019, the number of new media platforms increased to 50.54%. In 2018-2019, the number of new media outlets was flat.
2. 2.1. New media platforms operating: Member growth and good interaction with advertising
In addition, the creation of an Internet-based video, operator and business units has resulted in a coordinated increase in the number of members and good interaction with advertising. In 2019, Mangotv's main operator, Humane South Happy Sunshine Interactive and Entertainment Media Ltd., generated $8.109 billion in operating revenue.
The same-year increase of 44.63 per cent, net profit of $969 million, a 36.45 per cent increase in the same-year increase, with faster growth in advertising, membership, and shipping operations, with more than 100 per cent growth in member operations. (1) Internet video operations are growing rapidly and members ' business contributions are increasing.
Positioning and corporate branding, based on the Tomangotv Internet video platform, driven by content such as the Mango solo + Quality Selection + Home-made video and comprehensive art programmes, focused on the theme of “Youth”, providing content on-demand services to the global user community, realizing value change through advertising income, membership income and other value-added business income
Now. In 2019, based on the precise positioning of platform users, by creating a strong synergy of content-driven platforms, the company upgraded its membership to advertising and engaged in a virtuous interaction to promote a rapid growth of Internet video business. 40.35% of annual operating revenue; of this, $3.35 billion in advertising revenue, an increase of 39%; and 1.69 billion in membership income.
At the end of 2019, the number of paid members amounted to 18.37 million, an increase of 70.88% over the same period. Companies facilitated the migration and transformation of regular platform users to payee users with quality and precision content supply; the membership equity system of 1+9 continued to be consolidated under the line to enhance the viscous and value contributions of stock members; and through the “Member Open Day” of the Young Mango Festival.
In 2019, a total of 489 advertising brands were placed, representing an increase of 50.93 per cent.
The reverse growth was due mainly to the company’s high-quality, high-precision content supply and its fast growing membership, which interacted favourably with the development of advertising. At the same time, a global advertising marketing system was built to provide individualized customization and a comprehensive marketing programme for advertising clients through the ip+kol belt; and advertising clients’ claims and programmes were introduced.
Production of a process-wide integration of advertising content with the depth of ip, video scenes and the use of big data analysis to achieve precision placement and enhance the effect transformation of advertising. (2) Operators maintain a robust growth in business and activate the smart screen key layouts.
The Business Network Centre, the Smart Hardware Centre, has been integrated, with the creation of a new Smart Big Screen Centre, which divides basic and value-added services with the operator on a user-paying basis through the provision of integrated content services and value-added applications services to the operator ' s platform, as well as customized content services to end-users.
The network centre for happy sunshine, the smart hardware centre, has been consolidated, a new big screen centre has been created, a key layout of multiscreen interactions has been set up with a big screen of wisdom, and the Internet video business has been able to extend its content to families. The consumer area has been expanded. Market development has been stepped up to move Hunaniptv to three main platforms, telecommunications, and connectivity.
At the end of the reporting period, iptv covered 31 provincial administrative regions, including Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang, covering 148 million users. At the same time, it worked with vertical areas such as education, electricity competition, and enhanced eco-connection of content innovation to win with the operators ' partners.
2.2. New media interactive content production: a refined content strategy that builds core strengths, refined content and diversified co-manufacturing, and builds corporate ecological barriers. Mangotv has the strongest philanthropy team in the industry, with the advantage of home-grown content based on precision user orientation and unique features, with home-grown art at its core.
The company has over 1,500 content producers. Through unique blood-building mechanisms and open, innovative incentives, a unique content assessment system, external strategic collaboration, etc.
The Mangotv Production Centre (the programme's home-made department) has teams such as the studio, the studio, Yuan Bai Ri, and the Lee Sugar Studio, which are responsible for the production of the best art such as Big Star Detectives, Brooms, Mothers are Superman, and Wives' Romance Travel.
Table 2: The Mangotv production centre team has considerable experience in producing 2.2.1. Integrated programming: a strong production team, with continuous and continuous updates highlighting branding effects. Mangotv has a strong audience base and branding effect; new programming highlights innovation and growth potentials
Building on a unique content ecosystem, the production of good content tailored to the needs of the target audience continues. On the one hand, it attracts the audience to pay for content by broadcasting it on an Internet video platform, and indirectly realizes it through content-related advertising revenues. On the other hand, through investment, production, and production of film and entertainment programmes, it reaches the highest level.
Happy Sunshine has 16 polytechnic production teams, and has produced 33 programmes year-round, creating a mango-specific picture with a central focus on "family-to-man-to-many" that features a vertical mix: observations are slow.
"Liver's Romantic Travel" "Daughter's Relationships," "Friends' Breaking Out" and "Little Breaks" and "Little Catchers" and "Little Catchers," and so on.
In 2019, Mangotv took seven seats in his own art, with the Star.
Big detectives, wife's romantic journeys, seasons five, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, three, five. New home-grown networks, the Secret Room Break, Youth Time, and Hahanof, two, two, nine, nine, and nine, two, two, three, four, six, seven.
In the year 2020, the variety of polyclinics was increased and some of them affected by the epidemic were delayed. Mango tv’s ability to make himself stable in 2020, and the number of commercial polyclinics in 2020 remained almost the same as in 2019, with more than one-and-a-half being new.
In 2020, the Chamber of Commerce launched a multi-mixed project to bring together the stars and the red kol in order to bring the items on the air and help the advertisers make the flow. For example, Women's Secret Gardens, kol
Via will be working with 12 stars to make the mix-up a live one. 2.2.2, TV drama production and investment: head drama series continues to add code, women's issues to top screens continue to add code, women's issues start year-on-year, and diversity of types locks in more circles.
On the basis of self-built studios, a strategic external collaboration strategy has been pursued to achieve a new model for upgrading the entire industry chain from copyright procurement. In 2019, it had 15 of its own + external video studios, with a double increase in the number and quality of high-quality film and television dramas. In 2019, Mangotv went on to more than 30 home-made dramas.
"Go to the top of the world with you, boy! " My Poseidon, " My Poseidon, " My Poseidon, " Neoboss, " To marry me, " The one-night bride, and so on. "The Mango entertains, " The Little thing of the First Love, " " You're My Answer, " Out of the Line, The First Love, and so on, and so on.
The media award for "The Family in the City" announced that the 15th award for the construction of the "Five Ones" of the spiritual civilization was widely distributed across the country and abroad.
First, I've been waiting for you in Beijing for "Airline Sword" to be included in the list of screenplays recommended to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the new China.
The next stop of happiness, launched in 2020 for female viewers, has become a primer, and discussions have continued to rise on platforms such as Twitter, where Mango tv lives at $110 million in January, while raising its ranking on the download list. With the female-dominated trend, new and more types of drama, such as military brigades, etc., will be added in 2020.
In the future, new topics, such as men’s subjects, such as quizzes, science fiction, interactive dramas, will meet the needs of more diverse circles: 2.2.3, artist brokers, music copyrights, and interactive marketing of content. (1) Artist brokers form the head artist plus the central artist plus the newcomer-rich artist ladder.
To create a multi-layered and fully typified team of mature artists, targeting different categories of artists, including music, video, etc., to maximize the value of artists by participating in film and video philosophies, business-type performances, brand concerts, brand statements, derivatives authorizations, and collaborative marketing by networking platforms. As of the end of 2019, companies had a co-contracting artist.
Ninety-six people: The entertainment media are under the banners of Hua morning, O-Ho, Zhang Xinxeng, Yu Xing, Kang Chiu, Li Xian, Bai Xing, Wei, etc.; the mango entertainment flag is under the banners of Dreams, Lu Xiaoyu, Xing Fei, Xi Seng, Xi Xi, Xiao Xiao Xiao, Lo Xiao, Dai Xiao, Zhao Xiao Yi, Qing Quan Que, etc.; the Mango vision of Zheng Wei, Liu Xing, etc.
(2) Music rights are based on the long-term accumulation and continued enrichment of musicip resources by artists, and the enabling business of online music platforms, video and music is organized around digital music.
In 2019, the company added 106 new songs and a cumulative total of 1321 music libraries. In addition, the company worked strategically with major music platforms to achieve sustained positive development of music copyright values.
(3) The game and ip content interactive marketing are based on the Tomango tv platform and its own ip resources, which generate revenue through custom-made play development and distribution.
Values are realized in a variety of ways. The company expands its custom game development to suit its own tone, launching many games like Yesterday's Reoccurring (interactive play), The Power Dancer, etc., and relies on the company's operator channels to build golden eagles, electric competition channels, and, through the organization of the Eif2019 Hunan Maran Hill International Digital Entertainment Festival, to set up electric competitions.
Competition brands; exploration of new areas of viewing entertainment products to achieve ip derivative development; development of multi-interactive marketing products to serve multi-brand clients. 2.3. Media retailing and other operations: Mandamus, kol+mcn multi-promoting sales
(a) The Mango project is expected to enhance the ability of the poly-magnetic goods. With Mango media creativity and content production at its core, through a multi-screen, multi-end distribution of good-quality commodity information to target populations, in-depth integration of big data mining, long-tailing membership operations, web-red mcn social power providers, etc., to stimulate the elimination of high-value core audiences
In television shopping, it is possible to optimize cable television coverage, promote iptv, and ott channels, and improve integrated operations; in media electricity providers, it is possible to provide the best displays for commodities by working with star performers, digging for and developing the red.
Mango tv is on the line, and Mango + Lives are expected. The Hunan Happy Sunshine and Entertainment Media Ltd. has changed its scope, adding cosmetics, home appliances, wholesale retailing, storage agents, etc. Through the introduction of a new business model, Mangotv is expected to achieve a variety of marketing methods.
Many of the products sold in Mango's good products are on the periphery of the Ming Star Detectives, Friends Listen, and so on, based on the production and consumption chains generated by fans' love for stars, programmes, and items that appear in the programme.
Figure 15: Mango City's top page recommends Mango City's top page.
(3) Other innovative ways of making things happen, such as “mango wallets” and “mango recreational treasures”: based on the advantages of Internet television licence plates, in collaboration with television and smart hardware manufacturers, precision intervention in smart hardware such as ott, innovation in research and development and design production, and realization of value realization.
The banks have the advantage of operating license plates and are active in expanding Internet consumer finance and supply chain finance. On the basis of self-researching Internet system platforms, companies constantly build up their control capabilities, develop their own business closely around mango ecology, develop a pocket management product, a mango wallet, for IPTV cooperative service providers, happy to buy up and down supply agreements.
• Development of Mango recreational treasures. 3 - 2020 q1 public service advertising battles, with the growth of front-line and amphibious users. - Mangotv is dedicated to combating the epidemic and highlighting the mainstream. (1) Free membership services and effective collaboration with the epidemic.
On January 27, the State Council issued a circular extending the spring holiday and the first time Mangotv responded. On the basis of seven days of free membership, the platform took the initiative to extend the free time frame and strengthen its welfare policy. (2) The initial extension of resources has a cumulative value of $500 million to promote prevention and control of the epidemic. Mangotv focuses all its resources on the platform.
From 26 January, a total of $500 million in advertising resources was invested to channel thousands of users to guide online users to timely information on the dynamics of the epidemic and reduce out-of-country activities. From 26 January to 31 January (July of the beginning of the month) to cover the platform's “pc end, mobile end, pad end” and the Hunan province of iptv and ott
In all forms of the platform, three public service announcements were placed on the Hunan Broadway 2020 Public Service to Control the Epidemic. Since 1 January, Mangotv has raised the amount of anti-epidemic advertising resources to 1 billion, integrated the placement of advertising posts in the stations, synchronized the promotion of disease prevention and control topics, and secured disease control dams.
Since 4 February, Mangotv has officially launched an online learning programme called “Cutting School and Grow Up without Extension” based on the “Sense Screen + Quality Education” model.
The impact of the epidemic on the progress of the new school cycle has been reduced to a significant extent. Head video applications were active during the spring of 2020, and the impact of the boom was significant.
Questmobile data show that during the Spring Festival, the average number of days dau was 126 million, 120 million, 3.68 million, and 3228 million, respectively, for Akichi, Tetsu Video, Mangotv and Beep. The promotional effect of the popular play series on active users was remarkable, and the peak was 26% higher than the previous week when Mangotv was on the line, the next stop being Happiness.
During the spring of 2020, head video apps were active, with the dramatic impact of the set-up. The per capita growth in the use of mangotv days during the spring of 2020 was 42.1 per cent.
In 2020, q1 mangos aired 20 televisions, 14 webs, with a total of 11.11 billion, TVs, 4,596 million and 7,214 million, respectively, with a small number of web-based art and a significant number of broadcasts ahead of them.
After the launch of March, the television show was launched, and it was launched in March.
The first five programmes were shown with more than 200 million and the first five were shown with 4.8, 4.5, 350 million, respectively. Mangotv's first voice-interactive healing show, "Friends listen." On February 19, the quality and quality of the mix was quickly well received.
On the same day, the bean petals were rated at 9.4, they went on a number of heat searches, swept over the top of the broad list, and became a solid collector. In April, the new beam was more hot, and the first edition of the "Study of the Hand" was shown cumulatively 56.7 million.
Index ranking, April 2020, Mangotv's new up-to-date "Study of Crafts" went on-line seven days, aired only once, with a total of 56.79 million people, with 41.49 heat and 25th place on the April multi-art thermal ranking; Star Big Detectives 2nd season went on-line 16 days, with a cumulative broadcast of 58.19 million and a heat of 40.60.
Twenty-eighth in rank, and in April in the new online art, the second and fourth in rank. As the art continued, a total of 17,561 million dramas were aired in one quarter, with excellent headlines. According to the Osteoporosis Index, a total of 16 TV dramas were aired in 2020q1 mangos, 13 online dramas, with a total of 17,561 million TVs.
The number of dramas and online dramas is 9,767 million and 7,794 million, respectively. The number of head shows is excellent, the number of TV shows is 4,170 million for the city ' s love play, The Next Stop is Happiness, and, in online dramas, the number of shows on the ancient love show, The Underneath of Clothes, is 2.6 billion.
The March series performed well, and the money was well received. After the next stop was Happiness and Under the Coats, the Mango follow-up series showed a strong acceptance, with 1420 million broadcasts in the last month of Ugo-Change, over 1.1 billion broadcasts in Time and You Sweet, and over 1 billion in Perfect Relationships and Hands.
In April, the new up-to-date set of dramas was high, and it is expected to continue to rise. According to the boner heat index, in April 2020, Mango's new up-to-the-date series, The SkyWall Road, had a cumulative 9.962 million on-line for two days, with a heat of 59.58.
The 15th place on the April set list; the Long-Ann Youth Bank is on the line for five days, with a cumulative amount of 170 million, 100 million, with a heat of 54.58, and 17th place in the list, with a concentration of new online dramas in April. The three series are ranked 7th, 8th and 9th, and the heat is expected to continue to rise.
4. The Mandalay project, in cooperation with China, China, China, and others, will deepen the integration of 5g media, including content providers, content license plates, signal transmitters and hardware terminals, with content that attracts users to core resources and qualifications that are necessary for doing business. 5g bandwidth, high speed, low speed.
Time lags will make the recreational interactive content based on cloud technology a reality, give the screen more and richer scenarios, generate new business models, the value of the screen will provide greater scope for re-evaluation, plus policy-level management of iptv and ott operations, mangotv, a combination of high-quality content and iptv and ott operating plates.
In 2019, companies built on their innovation institutes to look ahead to technologies like 5g, ar, and vr.
In-depth and close cooperation with China on the six main sections of video content, membership and joint marketing, big data referral, application promotion, iptv products and China for Cloudcdn services has created an eco-cooperative model of revenue-sharing. Companies have introduced capital transfer in China's mobile fully-owned subsidiaries through major asset restructuring packages.
Strategic investors have also signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Micah Cultural Science and Technology Ltd., China's mobile wholly-owned subsidiary, to develop full-scale strategic cooperation and operational synergies. Mangotv has implemented the Mangot Plan to create a new marketing model with high-quality kol and to upgrade the platform camp completely
At the same time, the Great Man Plan enriches the platform content matrix by opening a "user creation centre" and by combining a business strategy with an ugc+pgc. Mango entertainment builds up its own short video mcn matrix, which is represented by accounts @cancer cheese, @goats are cute, and @Amo is kind.
The company is fully committed to creating a new overseas media platform, “owned, autonomous, and controlled”, which has been updated at the end of the reporting period, and the Mangotv international edition.
More than 195 countries and territories around the world have been set up to conduct targeted operations and enhance international influence through the establishment of “Chinese culture” regional and cultural channels. Mangotv has been developing new modes of cooperation to speed up the full export of content. On the one hand, cooperation has been reached with Singapore's Skyvisionmedia on the joint study of overseas exports of the “Roman Travel of the Wife” model;
Together with Discory across the world, they have produced a reality show called "Footwork Apprentice" that transmits fine content and opens up a model of excellent cooperation. On the other hand, they have actively explored innovative avenues for cooperation, increased dissemination, and partnered with platforms such as the international mainstream Internet to build a special district, while strategically collaborating with the Middle East Broadcasting Centre, mbc.
Good quality entertainment in the context of the global age, media development in the 5g era, corporate “human talent plus content” barriers and prospects for diversified business realization, and the continued integration of the Mango ecology into the development of the High-Risk Media in Lake Tonan, with the full benefits of sustainable content self-regulation and the synergies of the whole industry chain, with the sustainability of the business as a whole.
Risks of content compliance, brain drain, new projects and user fees fall short of expectations.