State-owned new media, performance certainty and elasticity Date: 01/06/2020 - first coverage report for Mango supermedia (300413.sz)
The company, a new media industry and capital operating platform under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, was listed in January 2015 and injected into the Mango family five companies in 2018, becoming a whole industry from artist discipline, content production and operations to Internet video and operator operations in distribution links.
A new media group with a chain layout. After investing, the company’s profitability increased significantly, continuing at a high rate for 19 years, generating $12.501 billion (yoy+29.4%) in return for a net return of $1,156 million to the mother, and the new layout is expected to provide strong support for the company’s future growth.
One of the risks faced by companies is regulatory policy uncertainty, with mango being the only state-owned holding video platform with natural policy sensitivity to content control; and along the Hunan wide media gene, which has a unique advantage.
Industrialization content production capacity and adequate motivation for innovation through the studio system
Multiple means of realization, certainty of performance growth, flexibility and readiness: 1) Member income: In 2019, 18.37 million (oy+70.9%) paid members were paid, but the rate of penetration was still lower than the rate of eugenic penetration, using household base, rate of payment, and arpu with room for improvement.
Q1 has been initially validated from the current reserve of more than 40 items, based on “young people, cities, women”, and several multi-channels during the year.
Income: Mango advertisers have been strong and growing in reverse, and projects affected by the epidemic have been delayed Data cut-off date: 01/06/20, q1 has not grown as expected, but with the arrival of a number of accelerators, advertising has grown.
3) 5g Chances: 5g upgrades big screen values, super-clear, high-screened online education applications, etc. iptv/ott has greater scope for expansion. Mango is the only video site with an iptv/ott full-size company with a medium-sized mobile strategy in the stock market.
5g-end collaboration with Micah depth: advanced research in new technology areas such as 5g/ar/vr, distribution; first 5g-based station on wide power to land in the sand, mango has multiple advantages in 5g development, Wang Smin
4) mcn's new trend: `The Great Man Plan's one-stop marketing of `ip-kol-brand', s02705180001, has now signed over 3,000 net reds, multi-carriage art is on-line, and some brands are already on-line
A good transformation is expected to result in greater elasticity of growth in the future.
1. The HUNNUNTEL dominance continues and has become the whole industry chain of integrated entertainment media group. 1.1 was the first stock on the market for home television purchases, injected into HUNN’s core assets, 1.1.1 is marketed mainly as happy purchases, and restructured to bring the core assets to the market as a whole.
Mango Supermedia Ltd. is the new media industry and capital operating platform under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, whose predecessor buys for pleasure and then injects mango assets into a new media group with a whole-of-the-industry chain layout. The company jumped to 20 in China's top 100 list of Internet companies in 2019, the only state-owned shareholder in the top 20 countries.
For five years in a row, the company has been ranked first in the Hunan province for Internet companies. Mangotv is the center for the establishment of a full-scale media industry: the ecology of the industry, content-based production, distribution and licensing, policy advantages, capital support, media integration and media upgrading in the State-owned media, and a model company for a new media group with State ownership.
1) Happy Buying Period: Happy Purchase was co-financed by Hunan Wide Power Group and Hunan Guardian in December 2005, and in May 2008 Hunan Television transferred 85% of its happy shares to Hunan High Power without charge, and was subsequently injected into the Golden Eagle Holdings, a subsidiary of Hunan Broadcasting and Video Group (subsequently known as the Mango Media).
In April 2011, the company was transformed into a joint-stock company and placed on the market in January 2015 as the country ' s first family television shoppinga stock. The company is mainly involved in retailing the media, including household consumption, content and electricity commerce, 020 electricity and consumer finance.
2) Mango super-momentation period: in April 2018, Happy Purchase to Sunshine, etc. Five Mango Holdings were approved by the CVM and in August of the same year their business registration was changed to “Mango Super-Mechanism”.
As of the quarter of 2001, the controlling shareholders were Mango media (64.2% of the share), and Hunan Radio and Television, through Mango Media Ltd., acted as the firm ' s realist. In May 2019, China ' s mobile affiliates acquired 4.37% of the company ' s shares through a firm ' s fixed increase.
Shareholders. Hunan has a high shareholding and absolute dominance, corporate development and strategic implementation are stable, and Hunan has a clear resource advantage in terms of capital, content, and talent: moving in and out of equity helps to further promote synergies in iptv/ott operations and deeper cooperation in the area of 5g applications.
1.2 Building content-platform-ecological seals based on content platforms 1.2.1 with mango tv at its core, mango media ecology based on mango tv, operational clusters working together, and the ecological synergies of the entire industrial chain emerging.
Gotv's new media platform, which works in partnership with the city that produces a lot of content such as video-broadcasting, music, games, media power providers, etc.), is more risk-resistant, integrates the wealth of video and electricity industry chain resources, and creates a unique mango media ecology that combines mass media content, new media platforms, Internet information and electrical services.
Leisure Media: Founded in 2004, the lead entertainer's business, the production of programmes and video dramas, and other wireless value-added authorization businesses are among the largest youth idol entertainment companies in China. Currently, the company's various echelons are rich, and form a big team of top + central + new enthusiasts.
A total of 96 performers were contracted by the Department. Mango Films: established in 2001, the main business was the television drama business in the visuals, which enabled the independent production of television dramas to complete the various topics, the integration of the Hunan Guards in the “Young Day” theatre; and the artist broker in the field.
In 2019, "I'll wait for you in Beijing for "Aero-reduced Swords" was added to the list of "Recommends for the 70th Anniversary of the New China." Mango entertainment: the main TV show, poly-multicultural programmes, and entertainer's work started in 2014 and was published in 2019.
"Small" and "You're My Answer" and "Stand Out, First Love" and other dramas, including "The Mango's Fun: The Main Camp Business is Game Business and Interactive Marketing, and The Game Business consists mainly of PlayPip Cooperation and PlayPacking."
At present, there is a unique whole-of-business eco-closed circle between the plates. Upstream artist brokerage guarantees a "Close Matrix" for content operation distribution through multiple channels on Internet video platforms; downstream content ip splits around the mango system.
Class adaptation development to realize multi-channel derivative realization below-line. There is a strong synergy between the links in the industrial chain, creating the advantage of a fully integrated, unique mango-wide ecosystem with a media-integrated symbiosis.
The more the distribution channels are available as content platforms, the bigger the flow page. Mango supermedia covers, except pc and moving, with iptv and ott full licence plates (16 of ott's content plates and 7 of integrated licence plates), is the only full licence holder in the Internet video site, with a " one cloud of screens " all over the terminal.
Mainly through end-to-end promotion, Mangotv has been doing a unique job in content promotion, with the number of correct data from 2019/h1 according to which the app download covers 85 per cent of Pida (68 per cent excellent, 40 per cent impeccable and 31 per cent telecommunications video). 1.2.2 Internet video is the core business, with the operator having the highest Māori rate of business.
The largest share of Internet video business was recorded in terms of revenue collection, which increased by 56.44 per cent in 2019 and by 40.35 per cent in 2019; followed by the new media interactive content production, which increased by 20.12 per cent in 2019, compared with Māori, where the operator ' s Māori rate remained consistently high and steady; and other operations, which increased steadily.
The rate is closer. The rate of new media entertainment content production fell by 13.05% in 2019, mainly because of the platform’s monopolistic approach to some of the high-quality copyrights that contribute more to Maori than to others.
This represents an increase of 56.46 per cent; of this increase, advertising revenue of $3.35 billion, or 39 per cent, and membership income of $1.69 billion, or 102 per cent more. Members ' income has increased more rapidly and their contribution has increased, and by the end of 2019, the number of mangotv payers had reached 18.37 million; the number of users has also increased significantly, with data from questmobile showing that mangotv users spend longer hours a day.
In 2019, the number of corporate advertising brands was 489, which is the same increase. Operators' operations: faster growth, integration, market expansion and landscape applications. In 2019, corporate operators achieved business income of $1,275 million, an increase of 33.31 per cent, and by year-end, Iptv’s operations covered Guangdong, Guangdong and Guangdong.
31 provincial administrative regions, Fujian and Zhejiang, covering 148 million users. The company enhances its business development space from multiple angles: 1) Integration: Mangotv formed the Hunaniptv team and the national ott team in 2010, developed over almost 10 years, integrated the iptv with 0tt operation in 2019, and created a new big screen centre to enhance both operations
Synergy; 2) Scene Extension: Promotion of the Internet video business to the domestic domain of multi-sphere content consumption, with diversified content such as online education, sports, etc. becoming a new addition; 3) Market extension: increasing market development, moving Hunaniptv, telecommunications, connecting three main platforms to experience, content, technology, etc.
Media appliance: The company’s retail section business has been actively transformed to a media power provider, with a 19-year profit from the loss. By opening iptv+ott multi-channel marketing, exploring smart screen commercial realization, and covering Hunan by the end of the 19th century.
In 17 provinces (including municipalities), the number of users reached 109 million. By means of innovative business models and live broadcasts by star power providers, it has become a star power agency for the head of treasures. "Mangos" is an important new business block for companies that will focus on synergies between mango good and happy-buying supply chains and industrial chain systems.
In terms of derivative development, the development of pip, for example, is based on different levels of operation, one is the conversion of high-quality specimens from pre-sale to pre-sale to pre-sale models, the contraction of short-sale cycles, ensuring user experience, and the other is the expansion of underline viewing entertainment, such as underline theme shops;
It is a phenomenon-based commodity, such as the introduction of an ip mango constellation box in conjunction with the Young Mango Festival.
Multidimensional view of mango variety: 1) production: in 2019, Mango tv became the top of the various platforms; in the head, the Hunan family, the tether department, the magnolia screen. 45 of the mango masters, 40 of the troupe, 23 of the eccentric arts, and 13 of the ecclesiastical culture.
Top50 was effectively broadcast in the Hunan family (Mangotv, Hunan Watch) with 14 items, or 28 per cent, higher than in the tether family (11), Achicchio (9), Zhejiang Watch (6) and Quality & Competitiveness:
Mongos and troupes are the key to the platform's competition. In the field of the arts, Ye Eun data show that in 2019 the exclusive network aired 112 copies, or 96.6 per cent of the total, and that the concentration of the exclusive video platform was further increased, with 112 exclusive tweaking videos showing a near split of 52 monolithic markets, and Mangotv alone.
Large, 18%. Mango tv leads three videos each of the 10 solo channels. Figure 13: Top 10 solo networks 2019. Chart 12: Solitaire platform distribution.
The Mango network continues to grow and the heat rate continues to rise. In the 2001 top10 season, Mango held five seats, of which " Friends listen " and " 21 days before marriage " were exclusive for Mangos. 2.2 Industrialization content production capacity: inheritance of the Hunan Dai gene, human motivation plus pure methodology
The company has more than 1,500 content producers, accounting for one third of the total workforce. 1) In the field of comprehensive arts, more than 90% of the arts are run by the Ministry of Public Administration, and there are currently 16 self-help teams, leading the construction of a home-made system of high competitiveness and market value throughout the industry, which is the largest of the top-level polycrystry producers. 2) In the field of drama, as of the end of 2019, happy.
Sunshine has 15 own + outside studios; Happy Sunshine, Mango Shadows, Mango Entertainment, Hunan Wire with a license to make TV dramas (A), which are the source of heavy-weight films on the market. The content is growing from solo to original. Mangotv was founded in 2004 (then known as the Golden Eagle Network).09
The Mango Network TV module, which provides live and on-demand broadcasting services on the Golden Eagle Network, was created as a market-oriented operation. The Mangotv development can be divided into the following stages: 1) “One airing” strategy: In April of 1414, Hunan Radio launched the Mango Soul Strategy, which announces a self-styled plan for Hunan Watch.
The project will be broadcast exclusively by Mangotv, and the Hunan Vigilance programme will attract a group of loyal people from Hunan. 2) The “Unique” strategy phase: In June 15, the Deputy Director of Hunantai and Director of Happy Sunshine Nie Yong announced the implementation of Mango tv's “Unique” strategy, i.e., unique human beings in terms of creativity, talent, production, content, with the help of Hunan Wide Power.
In this context, adherence to content-driven, uniquely driven and uniquely driven strategies means that Mangotv is gradually moving away from the sub-champion of “resort” and is developing a unique content-modulation that will gradually create the “mixed n” through early-explosive programming: 3) the “inventive” strategic phase: the strategy was officially launched on 28 May 19...to create sustainable export capacity.
Mango has made institutional changes, created a studio system, and successfully launched the Mango's unique series of "Friendly Art" star shows, which are highly topical and with renewed human and platform influence. Hunan's wide-wave power is called the "Multi-Culti-Culti platform," and Mango inherits and thrives.
One of the traditional media is the creation of Ivy League in the country, the happy home camp, and then the opening of a new pro-Multicultural track with "Where Daddy goes": the creation of the country's most star-making platform, "Super Woman" , which is the country's most star-making platform, has always been a fashioner of the television age. Mango supermers are the product of a new medium reform in Hunan.
In 2019, Mango made its own home-grown art program, 33 series, which created a mango-oriented mastery with a central focus on the vertically integrated development.
As a branch of the philosophies, it has become a stable subject and audience, creating its own model, and Mangotv has developed and grown up in this field, and has developed a sophisticated approach to the creation of philosophies.
Figure 16: Mangotv has developed a methodology for pro-multicultural programming, deep-drawn, and created the "Mengotv formula" for pop-multi-multi-multicultural programming.
The succession of Mango to the Hunan guard can be divided into the following areas:
The grouping of structures, the separation of stations, the separation of broadcasting, the operation of capital, which has always been at the forefront of the grid, is an example of how the media are marketed, integrated and developed, and the spirit of mango innovation is in keeping with the idea of “non-innovation, non-despite death.”
2) Share the talent of the Hunan wide power system, and television to the full media of Mango talent. Hunan Watch is fully connected to Mangotv, from news production, programming, literary creation, film and television production, to production and production, to broadcasting, and Hunan Watch and Mangotv are connected to two platforms, and the Hunan wide power system is made up of producers.
Sharing ensures the quality of home-made content and reduces labour costs. Mangotv's development also injects innovative thinking into traditional media in Hunan to optimize the way in which topics are created, business systems are updated, business models are restructured, and the transition and upgrading of electricity from traditional television talent to media literacy, user literacy, Internet literacy, etc.
The Mangos are unique in their blood-producing systems, which sustain the excellent development system and open and innovative incentives in Hunan. The Hunan Guards become the leader of the country's guards, and are set up with a gaming culture, and the great ability to produce hybrids benefits from their creation.