The net profit for a quarter is 15% higher than the year for a car and a commercial car, and the net profit is 15% higher than the year for a quarter.
The current operating income is $6.42 billion, corresponding to 3.0 per cent, and the net return to the mother is $755 million, corresponding to +14.9 per cent, compared to 16.59 per cent. Overall, the UTA performance is continuously released as a result of continued cost control, impairments, sales increases, etc.
It is expected that the sales structure will be optimized over time. Specifically, 2501 should be recovered for impairments to offset the impact of changes in accounting standards (costing of after-sales services from sales costs); 2) 52 weeks of maximum/minimum sales.
Structural changes (relative to the fluctuations in the order delivery tempo, 2,057 vehicles exported, compared to solid cost-control capabilities, the continued release of scale effects and medium- and high-level strategic evolution, and the steady release of corporate performance. Looking forward to a full year of 2025, on the one hand, the cumulative increase in export sales (including new energy sources)
The company is expected to obtain high-quality incremental orders on a continuous basis, as well as ongoing domestic rehabilitation (catalyzing public transport with old new policies) and scenario development (increased penetration of new energy sources in inter-city and passenger seat cars). Meanwhile, the company has released new light goods of 2501, with 1750 sales, compared with 129 per cent, and is expected to contribute more;
In the medium-to-long term, the cycle and growth are still on track, and Woo-tung’s performance is expected to continue to release. At the end of the industry: one country is recovering: domestic bus demand is expected to continue to recover (with old policy swaps); two export releases: about 280,000 vehicles are sold annually abroad, less than 10% of new energy penetration is higher than domestic penetration.
Utunbus (600066.sh) - Resonance at home and abroad, net profit and cash flow to historical space, and multinational overseas designated policies to promote replacement of new energy buses; Utun terminal: 1 export market
Building innovative models of “technology plus services exports” to capture the continued breakthrough of the new energy development window overseas, Wootongbust (600066.sh) - excellent performance in cash flow, domestic and foreign resonance driving the gain from “manufacture plus marketing” to “manufacture service plus solutions” positioning, competitiveness continues to rise
(a) " Wootong bus (600066.sh) - export and domestic sales resonance, net profits rising continuously " , with the deployment of overseas locations gradually expanding from Asia, Latin America, Africa and other regions with advanced passenger-car industry such as Europe to promote industrial value chains to medium-to-high ends, with the prospect of fully benefiting from the expansion of new energy sources abroad;
Utunbus (600066.sh) – a global leader with growth and dividends, Inner Markets has improved Māori in risk management + preferred markets, and corporate domestic profits are expected to recover. The investment proposal is a global leader with growth and dividends, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Figure 2: Quarterly revenue (millions of dollars) and speed of growth of the Woo-tung passenger vehicle, in particular, 2501 should be recovered and reduced to $317 million, with a certain increase in profits; 2501 Māori sales accounting); 2) changes in the marketing structure (2057 vehicles exported by 2501 WVs due to fluctuations in the order delivery rhythm, etc.).
This compares to 20.8 per cent for new energy passenger vehicles, which export 280 vehicles, compared to 36.9 per cent for new energy, with a further 2501 light passenger products that increase the net cash flow from the operations of the company close to 2501 by the same date, amounting to $1.42 billion; overall, the firm cost-control capacity, the continued release of scale effects and the evolution of medium- and high-level strategies have led to a steady release of company performance.
On the one hand, the growth in export sales (including the rise in the share of new energy sources) and the ongoing domestic rehabilitation (catalyzing public transport with old-change policies) and the opening of the scene (increased penetration of new energy sources in inter-city and passenger seats), companies are expected to continue to receive high-quality, incremental orders. Meanwhile, companies have issued 1750 sales of 2501 products, compared with 129 per cent.
Figure 5: Māori rates and net interest rates for Utomobuses (millions) Figure 6: Cost rates for Utomobuses (%) Figure 7: Māori rates and net interest rate for Utomobus quarter (millions)
Figure 8: Quarterly cost of Utsong passenger vehicles (%) in the context of the "one-way" environment, Utsung's overseas market is well advanced and is expected to continue to contribute to its performance and to move from "output" to "output" of technology as of the first half of 2024.
The company cumulatively exported more than 100,000 passenger vehicles of all types to major global passenger vehicle requirements such as Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania, Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, etc.
Country and region. In the main target market, the company has become one of the main bus suppliers. In the new energy passenger vehicle domain, the company has cumulatively exported more than 6,000 new energy passenger vehicles, and in Qatar, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Norway, Greece, Chile, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Finland, France, Poland, Australia.
More than 40 countries or regions, including Lía, New Zealand, Italy, Portugal, Singapore, have developed bulk sales and achieved good operations, actively developing green public transport and contributing to global carbon reduction. Companies have adopted a combination of direct marketing and distribution sales in overseas markets, and overseas distribution and service networks have now achieved global targets.
The layout of the field covers six regions of the Americas, Africa, CIS, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and Europe through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, distribution partners and direct sales teams: simultaneously, using technological and industrial chain advantages, companies are already in Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Ethiopia, Malaysia, etc.
The rest of the countries and regions are working together in localization through kd assembly to upgrade the business model from “product exports” to “technical exports and brand authorizations.” The outlook is expected to be followed by a resonance, both within and outside the country:
Overseas: With the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major events, exhibitions and events on schedule, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while social recognition of new energy buses will continue to increase, with environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and new energy vehicle technology.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue as a result of such factors as progress and economic growth.