Automobile (600066) Intra-market + export performance, with significant growth in performance, Southwest Securities Institute
Net interest rate now stands at 11.06%, compared to +4.34 pp, mainly due to optimized corporate product structure, increased sales of new energy passenger vehicles, and improved cost-control capabilities. The 24q4 Māori ratio, driven by domestic sales + export demand, grew strongly.
Demand growth: New energy bus replacement needs have increased, new and new energy bus-related policies have intensified, and new energy transport has entered the policy dividend period. Demand for overseas public transport, tourism, passenger transport, etc. has been recovering, environmental protection policies have been tightening up to provide new energy bus export opportunities, and Chinese bus products have become more competitive and open to sea.
The annual company bus sales amounted to 46.9 million vehicles, an increase of 28.48%, maintaining a leading position in the industry in which the market for new energy buses is ploughed deep and the technological edge of the product is enhanced. The Wootong bus continues to advance the strategy of “electricization, smart network integration, high-end, internationalization” focusing on new energy passenger vehicles.
With respect to the competitiveness of products, the number of new energy passenger vehicles sold amounted to 14.9 million, an increase of 90.4 per cent compared with the previous year, a significant increase in passenger capacity for domestic new energy products, a sharp increase in road markets focused on relieving anxiety and increasing value for money, a better product layout, an optimal layout of new energy products overseas, and Uwe platform interior and hybrid power systems.
Upgrade; t- and u-series high-end products are well updated, and high-end passenger vehicle arrays continue to be enriched. At the technical level, companies continue to upgrade their industry’s leadership in the areas of second-generation electric chassis technology, long-lived technology, power and control efficiency, integrated heat management techniques, and so on.
1. Wootongbuses (600066): leaders of large and medium buses. High-quality product services to sea worldwide (2025-02-20) Scenario 1: company exports are mainly for the sale of large and medium passenger vehicle products abroad, and demand for passenger vehicles abroad has continued to increase in recent years
Longer, more global attention to environmental protection and sustainable development, markets such as Europe, Latin America, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Central Asia are accelerating the process of electricization of passenger vehicles. The Woots are at the top global level in terms of appearance, quality, and smart network configuration, and export orders are expected to continue to grow.
Breaking through high-end markets abroad, increasing the share of new energy exports and optimizing the industrial structure of corporate export operations, with export revenue projected at 10 per cent, 4 per cent and 3 per cent respectively for 2025-2027 and 29 per cent for corresponding export operations, assuming that 2: intra-company sales are mainly for domestic sales of large- and medium-sized passenger and bus buses, and that in recent years, domestic tourism markets have been able to increase their revenues at a rate of 10 per cent, 4 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively.
A strong recovery brought about the need for seating buses, and new energy buses entered a replacement cycle to stimulate the rapid development of the new energy bus market with an old policy of switching. Companies led the country’s brand for large and medium-sized buses, with sales remaining industry-first for many years, and domestic orders were made for no reason, no reason, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.