Resonance, both within and outside the sea, net profits and cash flows are at an all-time high, car/commercial, sea/air/air, bus harvest, net profit is at an all-time high. 372 in 2024.
Billions of yuan, +37.6 per cent of the same year, resulting in a net profit of $4.12 billion to the mother (4.045 billion median performance forecast), +1.26.5 per cent of the same figure, excluding a non-net profit of $3.47 billion (median performance forecast $3.395 billion); and a single quarter of continuous control, with a record high net profit from the Wootong passenger vehicle (4.04 billion net profit in 2016).
At the level of cash flow, the net cash flow generated by the operations of 2404 companies was $2.7 billion, which benefited from solid cost-control capabilities, the continued release of scale effects and medium- and high-level strategic evolution, and the company industry.
A steady performance release, followed by an upturn in export sales (including an increase in the share of new energy sources) and sustained domestic repair (exploitation of tourist bus demand + catalyzing of public transport with an old-new policy), company performance is expected to continue in the medium to long term, cycle-to-growth resonance remains strong, and Woo-Tung’s performance is expected to continue to release.
Inner recovery: domestic passenger vehicle demand is expected to continue to recover (in exchange for old policies); 2 export emissions: about 250,000 vehicles are sold annually abroad, with less than 10 per cent of new energy penetration, compared to higher domestic performance.
Space, and multinational overseas-designated policies to promote the replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wootung Tung: 1 export market Wootong (600066.sh) - excellent performance in cash flows, domestic and foreign resonance driving the creation of innovative models of “technology plus services exports” and capturing the continuous breakthrough of the new energy development window overseas.
"Wouton bus (600066.sh) - export and internal sales resonance, net profit rising continuously" from "manufacturing + marketing products" to "manufacturing service + solution" positioning, competitiveness rising continuously.
Upward, overseas deployments have gradually expanded from Asia, Latin America, Africa and other regions with advanced passenger-car industry, such as Europe, to promote industrial value chains to medium-to-high ends, and are expected to benefit fully from the expansion of new energy sources abroad; 2 countries, The Woottonbus (600066.sh) and 2023, with net profits increasing by 139 per cent over the same period, exports
Inner markets are expected to improve Māori in risk management + preferred markets, and corporate domestic profits are expected to recover. Investment proposals: a global mid-course leader with growth and dividends, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
Performance overview: 37.2 billion yuan in 2024, compared with 37.6 per cent in 2024, resulting in a net profit of 4.12 billion yuan (US$ 1 billion in industry); and 13.14 billion yuan in single quarter, corresponding to +62.4 per cent in single quarter, and 69.8 per cent in ring terms, resulting in a record high net profit from the mother ' s net profit (4.04 billion in 2016).
Figure 2: Quarterly revenue (millions of dollars) and speed increase of the Woo-toon passenger vehicle: $108,000, +44 per cent, ring +54 per cent (predicted mainly as exports of companies, exports of new energy sources, rising domestic public transport, and continued delivery of product premiums); Red dimension, $3.3 billion in red for 24 years, holding.
At the cash flow level, q4 assets are impaired by $150 million and credit by $160 million. On balance, they benefit from solid cost control.
Continued release of scale effects and strategic evolution at the mid-to-high end, steady release of corporate performance, subsequent upscaling of export sales (including rising share of new energy) and ongoing domestic rehabilitation (exploitation of tourist bus demand + traffic with old-for-new policies)
Figure 6: Utunbus rates (%): Utunbus quarterly rates (%)
By the first half of 2024, the company had accumulated over 100,000 passenger vehicles of all types, and the products were sold out to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Uzbekistan.
Countries and regions with major global bus demand in Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland, etc. In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers. In the area of new energy passenger cars, companies have cumulatively exported more than 6,000 new energy passenger vehicles, and in Qatar, Mexico, the United Kingdom, and Dan.
More than 40 countries or regions, such as Mexico, Norway, Greece, Chile, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Finland, France, Poland, Australia, New Zealand, Italy, Portugal, Singapore, etc., form bulk sales and operate well, actively developing green public transport and contributing to global carbon reduction. Companies in overseas markets
Using a combination of direct sales and distribution, the overseas distribution and services network has now achieved the global target city layout, covering the six main regions of the Americas, Africa, CIS, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and Europe through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, distribution partners and direct sales teams: simultaneously, using technology
The advantages of the technical and industrial chain have led to the upgrading of the business model from “product export” to “technical export and brand authorization” in more than 10 countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Ethiopia and Malaysia, through localization cooperation in the form of kd assembly.
As the global economy recovers and the demand for public transport improves, as well as major events, events and exhibitions are held on schedule, the demand for the bus industry is expected to grow in a sustained and resilient manner, along with new energy passenger vehicles.
Social recognition is increasing, and the demand for new energy in overseas markets will be sustained by environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and the continuous progress of new energy vehicle technology and economic growth.