The Utun bus (600066) continues to grow in sales and the product matrix continues to enrich the Southwest Securities Institute.
• Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2025, which generated operating income of $6,418 million for 2025 q1, reduced operating income at the same time as the ring score, and increased net interest rates at the same time. The company achieved operating income of $6,418 million for 2025 q1, the bus market continued to be high, and the total sales of 2025 q1 increased.
Industry first; industry exports in the first quarter of 2025 were 15711, an increase of 32.37 per cent over the previous quarter, and corporate fluctuations. The combined sales volume of companies in the first quarter was 9011, an increase of 16.56 per cent over the previous quarter, with the company ' s technological excellence and broad recognition by domestic and overseas clients, and sales are expected to increase steadily.
In 2025, the regulations for the implementation of the New Energy City Bus and Power Batteries Renovation Subsidy were issued, identifying an average supplement of $80,000 per vehicle. With the accompanying policies in the country’s multi-provincial municipalities, the demand for new energy buses is expected to increase.
The movement of people abroad has continued to increase, the demand for passenger transport has resumed, and environmental policies have led to the demand for new energy buses, including in Europe, Latin America and South-East Asia, driven by such factors as economic technology and environmental protection policies, which have continued to grow in demand for new energy buses and have wide scope for their export.
Post-0 bus - Woo Wee 9pro, increasing the layout of aging products, optimizing passenger loads, seating, foot-stepping, interior decorating, intelligence, energy consumption, etc.: introduction of a full-scene light vehicle - a word of pleasure e10. to meet the needs of micro vacations, urban recreational tours, etc. The capacity of companies to provide services continues to grow.
Introduction of custom services for products such as interior theme kits, creative colour packages, age-old comfort packages, smart safety packages, etc. to meet different client needs; innovative roll-out of full package service models to package post-sales issues such as maintenance and maintenance of vehicles throughout the life cycle.
Woo-tung Bus (600066): Grand Central Bus Leader, High-quality product service to the sea (2025-02-20) No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No.