Woo-tung bus (600066.sh): High growth in overseas operations, events: company annual report 2024, company revenue of $37.22 billion in 2024, high annual growth compared to year-round performance, and significant improvement in profitability.
In 2024, the company sold 47,000 vehicles, i.e. 37.7%, of which the overall market of the Grand Central market was 34.9%, and the ratio of 1.2pc, single-car receipts.
In 2024, the company ' s research assistant in the Xu Kuo automobile industry, which has achieved full coverage of the global target market through a combination of direct sales and distribution, reached 30.3 per cent of the total number of large and medium passenger vehicles out of the sea in 2024.
Taking advantage of the company ' s new energy technologies, the combined power of the new energy supply chain, the company ' s overseas operations include the " Sindha Automobile " bus (600066.sh): research and development of a whole department of passenger vehicle products to drive high-quality development with technological and product innovation. Company 2024
\triangleright's year-round performance has increased, with annual R&D spending of $1.79 billion in 24 years, both within and outside the country, at a higher level of industry.
"Electrified power drive, power control, battery" is an entry point in high-efficiency power-drive systems, GHW passenger vehicles (600066.sh): corporate q2 performance is a high-end reliable power control system, multisite fuel cell power systems, smart network networks, etc.
High growth in inward and sales structure is expected to continue to improve, with new breakthroughs in the field, self-control of electric power, smart network connectivity, security, energy efficiency, suspense bus (600066.sh): corporate profits and profits.
The core technology that underpins the R & D layout of the entire bus product.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. continues to appreciate the steady increase in corporate market share and the acceleration of overseas operations.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, in the Golden House No. 127 A, Wumenxi Street, b Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, rising energy prices and shipping costs, exchange rate fluctuations, \triangleright
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.