Growing between strategic swaps, moving towards refinement: from size to efficiency, from product to service, the new strategy of Hangzhou Bank (2021-2025) has important implications.
The industry ' s core pricing factors are long-term partnerships or customer sticky, but sticky is not instantaneous, but rather cumulative, behind which is a shift in product relationships to customer service relationships. Specifically, liquidity (million shares)
During the first five-year plan, Hangzhou Bank consolidated its assets through the restructuring of credit assets.
The common denominator between the lines of business is the emphasis on client stratification, onlineization, and technology and data upgrading. This is the beginning of accelerated accumulation of brand benefits.
• Public operations: watchful progress within the matrix, with off-the-shelf operations continuously optimized. (1) Restructured: the ratio of loans to the better-quality water, environment and common facilities management industries has steadily increased, and the negative rate of delivery, zero, zero, financial, financial, etc.
The share of loans in construction and other sectors has declined. (2) Support for real enterprises and science, technology and cultural innovation: including key clients such as large-scale flagship manufacturing, specialty manufacturing, technology manufacturing, export manufacturing, etc.; upgrading the science, technology and cultural financial innovation system, establishing three centres of innovation and introducing customers
(a) Structured and improved product systems, with trade and investment banks being the main players: (1) the former, actively working with government and micro-enterprises, with financial, trade and foreign exchange operations as their engines; and (2) the latter, based on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
A strong customer base, increasing penetration rates, promoting bond underwriting and fast-distribution retailing operations in abs: a standard model for retail operations is a current plus finance plus wealth management.
Direct-selling banks and e-banks are used as hands-on recipients: on the financing side, mainly to expand the credit card industry and promote credit sunk in consumer loans; and on the wealth management side, to implement customer hierarchies, to increase the number of substitute items, to expand the workforce, and to achieve a high rate of growth in the volume of substitute sales of the wealth class.
• Small micro-businesses: “Cloud Credits” in the provinces, and “Taizhou Model” in the provinces, where the Hangzhou Bank values the data in terms of the type of loan, and is active on both the mortgage and the credit side.
In the case of credit, the management of the client base and the assessment of differences, and the use of the name list system for grid-connected operations. In terms of access, the provincial branches quickly set up micro-credit groups to standardize and professionalize their operations, set up the Department of Micro-Credit Management, and replicate and promote the "Taiwan".
The state’s model, with the exception of the provinces predominantly focused on “clouds for credit.” The idiosyncratic coupon huaanrearch strategic relay: a new five-year plan has been launched
The Hangzhou Bank was established in 1996 and placed on the market in 2016, operating in Hangzhou, deep-cultivating Zhejiang and the Radiation Triangle. Following the completion of the five-year strategy (2016-2020) in 2020, a new five-year plan was launched to boost retail, micro, and wealth management operations while consolidating and optimizing the public infrastructure.
From 2017 to 2020, from 2017, the Hangzhou Bank, Roa and rorwa, grew from 2017 to 2016, when the total assets of Hangzhou Bank grew from $7.204 billion.
The growth rate of the assets is a smiley curve, rising after 2018. The growth rate of revenue and net profits has also increased significantly since 2018.
In the expenditure structure, credit impairment losses and management costs have decreased from 54.8% to 43.5% in Hangzhou region since 2015, while the remaining municipalities have increased from 19.3% to 26.9% in Zhejiang province as a whole.
Overall, the risk-weighted asset/total asset ratio of Hangzhou Bank (62.4 per cent) increased significantly in the first five-year strategy, but remained at a lower level in the city comptoirs (only above the Qingdao Bank), and retail, micro, and wealth management will be key to the success of the new five-year plan.
Figure 4 Hangzhou Bank profit growth, Figure 7 Hangzhou Bank loan area distribution, Figure 11 Comparable banks: rwa as a proportion of total assets
Figure 10 Hang State Bank: rwa as a proportion of total assets
Two to fine: from scale to efficiency, from product to service.
(b) Retail operations emphasize customer hierarchization and product systematization;
The new strategy of Hangzhou Bank (2021-2025) has important implications.
Pricing factors are long-term cooperative relationships or customer sticky, but sticky is not a one-time one, but rather a cumulative one, followed by a shift in product relationships to customer service relationships. Specifically, companies continue to provide high-quality products and differential services to customers.
During the first five-year plan, Hangzhou Bank consolidated the quality of its assets through the restructuring of credit assets and, in the context of the new strategy, continued to operate prudently on the public table, while at the same time playing a retail and microbolic role.
This is the beginning of an accelerated accumulation of branding benefits. 2.1 Stabilizes the public fundamentals: prudential progress in internal operations and continuous optimization of off-the-shelf operations.
(b) Off-the-shelf operations, which mainly contribute to the transformation of trade banks and the strengthening of investment banks.
At the rate of growth, corporate-type loans have grown at a high rate since 2020, accounting for a steady increase in the share of loans in the environmental and public facilities management sectors, and a decline in the proportion of loans in the shipping, wholesale, financial, construction and other sectors. In terms of quality, there has been an increase in the poor rate of loans in the shipping, real estate, and information transmission sectors, but this has been the case.
The share of loans in some industries is declining year by year. In the dynamic direction of activity, support is provided to real enterprises, including key clients such as large-scale front-line manufacturing, specialty manufacturing, science- and technology-based manufacturing, and export-based manufacturing. As of 2021h, manufacturing loans amounted to $41.34 billion, or 12.2 per cent.
The first is to upgrade the system of innovation in science and technology, to establish three centres of innovation in North Kyoto, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and to upgrade the capacity of science and technology finance professionals in four cities: Nanjing, Hoyo, Ningbo, and Jiahin. Second, product innovation consists of small standardized products such as micro-credit, insurance loans, etc.
Third, the establishment of a three-tier service system based on customer hierarchies has actively promoted marketing programmes for specific groups of customers. 2021h, the credit balance in the CFS has reached $29,709 million, with a negative rate of 1.26 per cent. (2) Trading banks have accelerated their transformation, investment banks have intensified their direct financing and abs
Trading banks rely on three engines: finance, trade, and foreign exchange. In the financial sector, it is mainly based on municipal cooperation in the state of Tothhang, such as the Digital Red Association, the "Clean Up" project. In the trade business, the Employable Precipitous Drilling of Small and Medium Enterprises, which continuously upgrades the "Current Loans" around government orders, creating the "Online Insurance Plus Compliance" project.
In foreign-exchange operations, participating in the first pilot of the micro-export enterprise Hang Credit, the investment bank relies on a good customer base for listed companies to enhance direct financing and abs.
There are 623 cooperative clients in the city, of whom 42.94% and 71.43% in Zhejiang and Hangzhou regions. In the case of bond underwriting, the company issued debt financing instruments of $67,173 million.
Figure 19 shows an increase in the incidence of poor lending in the categories of shipping, real estate and information transmission
2.2 Powerful retailing: the standard model for retailing is the flow + finance + wealth management. The differences among banks are mainly reflected in the depth of the three dimensions. In terms of the current, Hangzhou Bank is in the hands of direct sales banks, mobile bankers, and micro-credit procedures; the financiers are
In the area of wealth management, the establishment of customer hierarchies, the growth of substitute goods, the expansion of the workforce and the rapid growth in the volume of substitute sales of wealth products has begun. (1) Fluxing: up-line, mobile, landscape-based
Direct sales banks: scenes + payments + sedimentation. Direct sales banks focus on the concept of “scenario + payments + data”, bringing together citizens, health care, education training, travel and vertical power suppliers, and incorporating financial services such as accounts and payments into the scene, with payment-led settlements and deposit depositions. As of 2021h, direct sales banks have registered users.
The online channels of Hangzhou Bank include mobile banks, online banks, and micro-banks. Among them, (1) mobile banks: As with other high-quality bank apps, the basic configuration is “bank function + day-to-day scenario + finance + wealth management (finance + marketing)” and the basic function and day-to-day landscape of banks as a channel, finance and wealth management operations as a mode of realization.
(ii) Hangzhou Bank Public Code, which includes a micro-credit office, web-site queries, and related small programs, is a general portal. We serve the public with a financial bias and includes a series of two funds: We finance and the Oracle Camp.
By 2021h, the balance of the rooster loan was $37,142 million. In mortgage lending, it was proactive in adjusting the pace of delivery and prices, improving business efficiency and client experience, and completing multiple branch mortgages.
In the short term, marketing and financial management are quick drivers of business.
The main instruments are the need to enrich the product system (with increased family trust and insurance product introduction) and to expand the team of finance managers. In the long term, there is a need to build customer hierarchies, provide differentiated services, and create branding effects (Hangzhou Bank has two fund services brands for the finance and the magic camp). As of the first half of 2021h, retail wealth management products were sold cumulatively in the first half of the year.
4.42.45 billion yuan, or 23.3 per cent more than the previous year, representing a balance of 39,059 million yuan in sales, or 13.8 per cent more than at the end of the previous year.
2.3 Optimizing micro-finance: Building on “Cloud Credits” outside the province, promoting “Taizhou Model” data-enhanced micro-credit, mortgages and credit co-facilitation (1) Mortgage orientation, optimizing the “Cloud Credit” product platform, providing client focus through client hierarchies
Services such as housing, centralized operations, on-line mail queries, system re-evaluation, etc. to improve efficiency. 2021h, the balance of “Cloud Credit” products has reached $67,585 million, an increase of 15.18 per cent from the end of the previous year. (2) On credit terms, there is a concentration of tax clients, mortgage clients in the bank's stock, and other recipients in the business category.
Five categories of key clients, such as clients, small and micro-customs for stock settlement, farmers, etc., to develop micro-credit loans, implement an intensive management and differential appraisal and use the list system for grid-based marketing.
(a) The provincial branches focus mainly on “Cloud Credit” and search for micro-enterprise financial parks, deep-digging housing, depositing loans and mortgage customers to serve downstream micro-enterprises in the supply chain. (b) Intra-provincial institutions focus mainly on the expansion of the workforce, creating 31 micro-credit teams, professionalizing and professionalizing.
In addition, the Taiwan branch relies on independent institutional mechanisms, using the “run street” model. Under the central micro-finance sector, the Department of Credit Microbusinesses has been set up to replicate and promote the “Taizhou model” which is $1 billion, an increase of 13.49 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
At the end of the third quarter of 2021, Hangzhou ' s bank failure rate was 0.9 per cent, and it has been declining since 2016. At the same time, the ratio of non-performing + active loans has been declining.
The rate was as high as 559.4 per cent, with the exception of the slight increase in the poor rate of individual housing loans and individual consumer loans. The excellent quality of assets also provided the basis for new business exploration.
Each year, Hangzhou Bank issued $7 billion in long-term debt and $800 million in non-public capital replenishment ($7.16 billion) and, with the fast growth of credit in 2021, the capital adequacy rate fell slightly.
There has been a marked increase since 2019.
Red Lion Holdings Group Ltd.  Hangzhou Financial Investment Group Ltd.  Hangzhou Wheeler Co. Ltd.
China Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Su Gao New Technology Industrial Development Co. Ltd. Suzhou  China Pacific Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
• Hangzhou Rivers Co. Ltd. High Technology Industries Ltd., New District, Suzhou Figure 47 Hang State Bank: Per capita Remuneration
Figure 48 Hang State Bank: The share of individual loans is relatively high
Figure 51 Hang State Bank: pb valuation. Figure 52pb valuation lateral comparison. Other business income is included in the entry.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.