"Cloud Net Accurates" a ict tap of the whole chain layout of the i-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
• Embrace the wave of aigc development and lead the country's ict enterprise, a leading company in the construction of a domestic cloud computing infrastructure and industrial intelligent applications, with full-scale digital infrastructure capabilities such as computing, storage, networks, 5g, network security, terminals, etc., that can provide cloud planners
Digitalizing solutions such as big data, artificial intelligence, smart connections, industrial Internet, network security, margin computing, etc. Multiple ict product markets lead the industry. As generation ai, large model technologies continue to unfold, it is expected that the demand for ai servers and high-speed switches will be boosted, company anct infrastructure and service operations will be driven.
• Acquisition of the remaining 30 per cent of Xinhua San's shareholdings, active branding of Xinhua, announced on 5 September 2024 that Xinhua International, a fully-owned subsidiary, had acquired 33 per cent of Xinhua's shareholdings, plus 51 per cent of previously held shares, and that the company indirectly held 31 per cent of Xinhua's shareholdings, further increasing it.
We believe that, with the company’s increased ownership of Xinhua triads, it is expected to accelerate its own branding and open up new growth space. In the first half of 2024, Xinhua triads managed to collect $1,198 million, of which Xinhua triads and services are autonomous channels.
The company has established 17 overseas branches in Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin America and other regions to maintain high growth in the size of its own branded products and services. The demand for intelligence numeracy has surged, and i servers and high-speed data centre switches have accelerated their release.
As the aigc continues to grow, the size of the cluster continues to grow, the ai server and the high-speed switchboard are expected to accelerate the release of demand. Companies publish “allinai” and “allforai” strategies, active deployment of computing infrastructure and large-scale models of the ai private domain contribute to the development of the ai, company servers and hand-overs.
In 2023, the company’s share in the domestic market was the second-largest in several subservient services, with a market share of 15.8 per cent for China’s x86 servers and 19.7 per cent for China’s gpu servers, and 32.9 per cent for China’s Ethernet exchange.
The country's leading ict enterprise, deep-card-counting frontier 1.1, acquisition of Xinhua's 330% equity, and acceleration of overseas market expansion began with a switch of business, a confluence of advantages, and became a leading company in the country's entire ict infrastructure.
Founded in March 1999, Deep Farming Exchanges and Associated Communicationsit Service Jurisdiction, Inc., insists on the six ends of “The Cloud-Net-Ann-Ann-Ann-Store-Store” and continuously injects fresh blood into the company and continuously expands the industrial chain through the constant establishment of subsidiaries and mergers and acquisitions, and completes its work on Xinhua San and Purple in 2016.
Digital, purple software acquisition continues to increase corporate revenue capacity. Companies already have an overall computing, storage, network, 5g, network security, terminal, etc. digital infrastructure that provides one-stop digitizing solutions such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, smart connections, industrial Internet, network security, margin computing, etc.
And end-to-end technology services are the leading players in the construction of national cloud computing infrastructure and industrial intelligent applications services. Figure 1: Continuous expansion of industrial chains, multi-faceted development of cloud network computing, focus on digital transformation and intelligent development, well-structured corporate ict operations, multiple “coated cloud network accounting”
The company’s subsidiaries include purple clouds, Xinhua III, Xinhua Digital, Purple Solution, Purple Western Data, etc., and cover a wide range of operations, with home-grown equipment comprising product lines such as network equipment, computing, clouds, safe products, smart terminals, switchboards, business-level routers, etc., leading multi-product markets.
The main distribution business in the field of purple digitalsit, the development of purple software deep-farming software, project system integration, etc. Purple clouds provide mainly cloud service products. The competitive edge of corporate markets is clear, providing comprehensive digital transformation programmes and cloud computing services in key areas such as government, telecommunications operators, and the financial sector, and achieving a wide range of services in the area of ict.
In July 2022, the company was restructured, Qinghua.
The holdings, the capital investments are no longer the shares of the Purple Group, the intelligent broad core holds 100% of the shares of the group, and the intellectual wide core holds 28% of the shares of the company. As of 5 September 2024, the company had no real control, the Tibetan purple light was the company's first shareholder, and the estate disposal account of the Utility Group Ltd. held 13.45% of the shares.
In May 2016, Xinhua's fully-owned subsidiary, Xinhua Light International, completed the acquisition of 31% of Xinhua's control. Xinhua's new-quality productivity represents the business, is more profitable, and the merger will further enhance the company's overall layout in the areas of cloud computing, switchboards, servers, etc.
Longitudinal integration of the business chain, continuous refinement of the whole industry chain of “Cloud-Net-Ass-Ass-Ass-Ass-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-As-Ass” and raising the overall profitability of the company’s performance. On September 5, 2024, the company issued a bulletin on completion of the cut-off of assets subject to major asset purchases, and the wholly-owned subsidiary Purple International has acquired thirty percent of Xinhua’s equity, plus 51 percent of previously held shares.
Equity, the company indirectly owns 381% of Xinhua shares. The company is further strengthened by buying 39% of Xinhua shares in cash from Hpe Cayman by means of fully owned subsidiary Purple International, and 31% of the Xinhua shares in cash from izarholding co, at a total value of approximately $21.43.
As the company’s ownership of Xinhua’s three shares increases further, we think it is possible to accelerate its own branding and open up new growth space. The company’s core management team is highly professional and experienced.
State Council experts in special allowances, the China Connect Group, which was one of the three major operators, held key positions in the marketing department and in the Zhejiang province branch, the party secretary, etc., and were very strong in business management and market operations. The company’s executive team, with its diverse background and expertise, developed and became competitive for the company.
Table 1: Corporate core management industry background 1.2, performance growth steady, aigc driving ict operations
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved a total of $37,951 million, an increase of 529%.
We believe that, with the country’s trillion-dollar national debt falling and policy guidance on equipment upgrading, demand for the next half-year’s market is expected to improve. In the long run, as the share of Xinhua’s three shares rises further, firms accelerate their own branding of overseas markets and are expected to benefit fully from aigc development, both within and outside the country.
As the digital economy and aigc develop, servers and storage, switchboards and routers, idc, etc.
Regionally, the expansion of overseas operations has been briefly blocked, and the post-epidemiological boom has been gradually warming, from 2,232 million yuan in 2021.
In the first half of 2024, Xinhua and China accelerated the depth and breadth of overseas city coverage, maintained high growth in the size of their own branded products and services, contracted general agents and service providers in the European focus countries, and expanded overseas distribution channels steadily, opening up new opportunities for growth.
The company’s overall Māori rate level has remained stable in recent years, and the Māori rate is expected to improve as a result of the product size. After the merger, the company continued to improve the layout of its base structure products and industry solutions, raising the Māori ratio level for the year to be relatively stable, with the Māori rate stable at 20% for the period and net interest rate at 5% for the period.
We believe that this is mainly due to the low rate of Maori in some of the products, such as the one-server, as a result of changes in product and business collection structures: a decrease of 0.19 percentage points; an increase of 0.50 percentage points in the management rate of 1.80 percentage points; and an increase of 0.50 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in the termination benefits of Xinhua, a subsidiary of the company, during the first half of 2024.
Increased cost management, which decreased by 12.99 per cent in the first half of the year over four periods of the same year, included 0.11 percentage points for companies in the first half of 2024, achieving a financial cost rate of 0.59 per cent, a decline of 0.32 percentage points in the same year, an improvement in overall cost control capacity, an emphasis on R & D inputs, an ongoing enabling technology R & D, and the forging of core competitiveness.
In the first half of 2024, companies achieved $2.411 billion in R & D costs, a 13.10 per cent decline, a 6.35 per cent R & D rate, and the company released a big model of the aigc industry's private domain to form the whole chain.
In the first half of 2024, the company introduced a smart-thinking solution that led the whole house and supported the size of the Huanca cluster, and launched a series of modularized multi-systems numeric servers, i-store plataris series, and a series of high-value flight computing platforms, 3.0, g7.
The s12500 series of IA cluster switches, the new-generation flagship firewalls, the w-fi7ap product series and the aigc-liner, which have built up large models, and the introduction of the Roce-Ethic Network solution, a completely new cool-plate liquid cooling solution, the full implementation of the development of "aiinall" and "aiforall"
(b) The core subsidiaries are Xinhua III, Purple Cloud, Purple Digital, Purple Software and Purple Light, of which ict
Infrastructure and services operations consist mainly of Xinhua Free Brand Lines, Purple Clouds, Purple Software, Western Purples, etc. The distribution business is composed mainly of Xinhua Digitals and Xinhua Trinity Herpes. Xinhua III: Breaking through domestic operators and overseas markets and opening up new growth space
Domestic ai servers, 400g switchboards, and overseas markets are fast-growing. The Xinhua three-way operation contributes to the main revenue, raising Xinhua three battalions from Xinhua 44.351 billion in 2021 to Xinhua 51.39 billion in 2023 to maintain growth.
In 2023, 20.21 and 63.19 per cent respectively, respectively, accounted for a relatively rapid increase in the calculation of storage operations. In the first half of 2024, Xinhua had achieved 26.428 billion yuan, an increase of 5.75 per cent in the same year, a profit of 1,996 million yuan, a million yuan increase of 8.31 per cent in the same year, and a revenue of $5.019 billion for domestic operators and 11.98 per cent for international operations.
With a billion yuan, of which H3c brand products and services are operating with an operating income of $416 million, an increase of 61.22 per cent over the same period, Xinhua is expected to accelerate the expansion of overseas markets as the shareholding ratio rises, and its own brand product base is expected to grow rapidly.
2.1.1 The demand for smart computing has surged, the global server market has grown steadily, and Xinhua and abroad have continued to thrive. According to the Chinese Institute of Commerce and Industry and idc, the global server market grew from $88.4 billion to $123 billion between 2018 and 2022.
The combined growth rate reached 8.6 per cent and the global server market is expected to grow to $14.5 billion in 2024, and the global server market is expected to reach 16.9 million in 2024, in terms of volume. According to market share, the global server market of 2023q3 reached $31.56 billion, of which Dale, Wave Information, Hpe,
The market share of Microcomputers, Unions, and Xinhua is 11.1%, 9.1%, 7.1%, 5.9%, 4.2%, 3.4%, and the market share of odmdirect is 36.5%.
The size of the server market grew from US$ 18.2 billion in 2019 to US$ 27.34 billion in 2022, with a 14.5% average annual growth in compound. In terms of market share, according to idc, in 2022, Xinhua III, super-magnification, ninfong, in 2023, the company’s share in the domestic market was the second highest in several breakdowns of servers, and China’s X86 server market.
The share was 15.8 per cent, and the market share of the gpu server in China was 19.7 per cent. According to idc data, the domestic accelerated server market reached $9.429 billion in 2023, an increase of 104 per cent over the same period. Of this, the gpu server accounted for 92 per cent, the market share reached $8.7 billion, and non-gpu acceleration servers such as npu, asic and fpga accounted for about 8 per cent.
Market share, market size, 49% more than ever. Market share, Xinhua 3 markets, about 18.7%; wave, pre-Kwan, Xinhua, three top three. Xinhua 3 servers, mainly covering the two core areas of storage and computing. Storage lines, full.
The Xinhua 3 storage lines have intelligent storage solutions that cover the entire landscape, including all-mortality centralized storage, mixed flash centralized storage, distributed storage, backup, disaster-resilient equipment and storage network equipment; Xinhua 3 intelligence calculations provide application-driven panorama solutions that cover the common set.
Scenarios such as computing, ai computing, margin computing, elastic sculpting, etc., and server matching multiple types of computing in and out of the country Accelerator cards to provide data centres with life-cycle smart management and process-wide arithmetic intelligent dispatch programmes.
As the aigc continues to develop, the data centre switch is expected to accelerate the release of demand as the base of the computing network. The global market for equipment exchange is more mature and, based on idc, Quest consulting data, it is expected that the market for equipment exchange across the globe will reach $211.2 billion in 2025, with a combined annual growth rate projected for 2020-2025.
The market share of the global Ethernet market is concentrated, with cr5 being over 75%, Cisco leading, and China and Xinhua three times ahead. According to idc, the market size of the global Ethernet exchange was $44.2 billion in 2023, a 20.1% increase, and in 2023, Cisco was the top market in the Ethernet exchange market.
The market share reached 43.7 per cent; the market share reached 11.1 per cent with the data centre switch; the market share reached 9.4 per cent with the Chinese market; the market share reached 4.2 per cent with the Xinhua trimester, which ranks first; and the domestic market, with the application of information technology such as cloud computing, big data, 5g, and the Internet +,
The Chinese exchange market was close to 40 billion yuan a year, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same year, with a 2.2 per cent increase in the data centre switch, a 32.9 per cent increase in the company ' s share of the market for the Ethernet exchange in China, and a continued maintenance of the market share.
Continuing development, the data centre's super-large network needs have been continuously increased, resulting in high-speed port exchange requirements, which, according to Del'oro, are expected to be phased in and mainstreamed in 2024 at 800g port exchanges, with 1.6t port switches expected to start in around 2026.
The mature commerce of the chip will boost 400gbps, and the domestic volume of 400g ports will continue to grow. The Xinhua tri-group launched the first 800gcpo silicon data centre exchange in 2023, a single chip 51.2t exchange capability, supporting 64 800g ports, and integrating cpo silicone technology, liquid cold disinfection design, smart integrity.
e.g. advanced technologies that fully realize the three main needs of smart-nosed networks, low-time delay and green energy efficiency, can support individual aigc clusters to reach over 32,000 nodes, apply to aigc clusters or data centres for high-performance core exchanges, etc. 2.1.3, sustain the expansion of operators and overseas markets and open up new opportunities for growth
Xinhua has continued to deepen its cooperation with its operators. In the first half of 2024, the company's domestic operators received $5,019 million in revenues, and China's mobile servers were collected, China's mobile high-end routers and high-end switches were collected, and China's telecommunications channels were collected.
In 2023, the cr cluster router achieved its first winning mark in the Chinese telecom collection, and the share of high-end routers and bras products deployed in China’s mobile network continued to increase, ranking among China’s suppliers of the new urban network for telecommunications.
In the area of cloud computing and ai, Xinhua has been involved in the implementation of the China-Moved New Idea Center, the winning Chinese telecommunications arithmetic server acquisition project, maintaining a leading share in the construction of the telecommunications sky cloud and the connected backbone cloud.
In terms of the network, Xinhua has launched the 5g cloud-based station solution, which is a five-g cloud-based station solution, with a base station solution (bbu), extension (fsw) and remote radio frequency (prru) units.
In addition, the company is involved in the China Connectbnc (Broadband Core Network) commercial demonstration project with China.
Xinhua has launched a new overseas strategy to help countries and regions abroad to “localize” their digital transformations. In the first half of the year, the company has set up 17 overseas branches in Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin America, etc.
The depth and breadth of overseas markets and the size of their own branding products and services keep growing at a high rate. Consolidating market positions in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Japan, and other markets such as Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates, Singapore, Spain.
Solding channels have been expanding steadily, opening up new growth space. Purple cloud: perfecting cloud computing, government exclusive cloud market overflowing with pre-national cloud computing markets, and a new round of growth driven by the demand for i-thinking.
In 2023, China ' s cloud computing market reached 61.5 billion yuan, a 35.5 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis, significantly higher than the global growth rate, of which 456.2 billion yuan, or 40.1 per cent, was on a year-on-year basis, and 156.3 billion yuan, or 20.8 per cent, was on a private cloud market, which was expected to continue to grow faster with the growth of the intellectual demand represented by the one.
The annual market size of Paas exceeded that of saas, and the market of Paas grew at a rate of 74.9 per cent per year, while the total market of Yaas reached 3.383 billion yuan, a rate of 38.5 per cent per year. Figure 30: China’s cloud computing market is expected to continue at a faster rate.
The violet cloud technology was established in 2018 as the leading provider of company-owned cloud computing services, dedicated to providing a global, global and landscape-based cloud computing solution for government-owned customers.
Services based on continuous extension to the Paas and saas layers, provision of cloud plus digitized products and solutions, purple cloud company ' s core product, purple platinum platform, and provision of aiaas, paas, big data, ai, apaas, industry saas, with a market size of 79.45 billion yuan yuan, of which 55.760 billion yuan are the exclusive market.
The Xinhua Triple/Swilight Cloud market was ranked third, at 13.8%, and the losses were gradually reduced and the purple cloud performance was gradually phased in. From $1.009 billion in 2021, the Xinhua Cloud Camp improved the cloud computing layout, helped to cloud the clientele of the government, while providing digital operations in the city, it was hoped.
Improved performance profits are reversed. 2.3. Purple digit: rich distribution channels, expanded market coverage. Purple digit insists on ict distribution, supported by intelligent logistics, supply chain finance, and a “one-stop” layout.
The company achieved 22,784 million yuan in 2023, a net profit of $238 million for its mother, and 2024 sales operations. As the company continues to expand its share distribution business, large equipment and consumer goods are replaced by old ones.
Policies are falling and the economy is recovering, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from their distribution operations.3 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 3.1, business segmentation and profitability projections
The company is a leading firm in the construction of a domestic cloud computing infrastructure and industrial intelligent applications, with a full range of computing, storage, network, 5g, network security, terminals, etc. digital infrastructure that can provide one stop in cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, smart connections, industrial Internet, network security, margin computing, etc.
Self-produced devices include network equipment, computing, cloud, safety products, smart terminals, etc., and multi-product markets such as switchboards, business-level routers, etc. As generation ai, large model technologies continue to evolve, it is expected that the high-speed switch will be required to pull the one server and the other.
We expect the company to continue to benefit from its infrastructure and services operations.
The share of products in the domestic industry and markets in a number of segmented areas, such as switchboards, wlan and others, is expected to continue to benefit from the aigc development, and we expect business revenues from corporate ict infrastructure and services operations in 2024-2026 to be (2) the distribution of products and supply chain services operations, respectively: as equipment is updated and consumer goods are replaced by old policies
We have selected the country's industry of excellence for wave information, Chinese science dawn, and a sharp network as comparable companies for the following reasons: (1) Wave information: the world's leading IT infrastructure products, programmes and service providers, with three global operations centres, several R & D centres, manufacturing centres, and business branches. (2) Central science light: master
Research, development, production of high-performance computers, universal servers and storage products, and provision of software development, system integration and technical services around high-end computers. (3) A sharp network: industry leader in ict infrastructure and industry solution providers. Main business is network equipment, network safety products, and cloud desktop solutions.
Multiply, UV shares are undervalued compared to comparable companies, and as generation ai, large model technology continues to develop, it is expected to boost demand for ai servers and high-speed switches, and corporate ict infrastructure and service operations are expected to continue to be less than expected (1) cloud computing needs are not as high as expected
If the demand for cloud computing falls short of expectations, it will affect the acquisition of network and int equipment by national cloud giants, thus affecting the business development of companies. (2) Technology and product R & D risks
The current generation of new information technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and 5g, is at a rapid stage of development, technological renewal and product replacement, and if firms fail to properly judge technology and to properly capture the direction of new technologies, they will face the risk of declining competitiveness and slowing growth.
If the aigc does not develop as expected, it will affect the procurement of the ai server and the high-speed switch, so