General computer equipment, purple light (000938.sz)
On December 4, 2024, the company benefited from the creation of a national intelligence network, and the switchboard and the ai server are expected to grow rapidly.
\triangleright maintains a leading position in the political and cloud computing industries. The National Centre for Intelligence, the Centre for Super-Arithmetic, has accelerated its deployment and has grown rapidly, with demand from the Internet, government, etc., and companies as the spheres of government and business.
The main supplier of the switch is well-established; products such as the 51.2t800gcpo silicon data centre switch, the g7 set of modular isomer algorithms, liquid cold servers, aigcline rhinoceros, etc. are distributed over time to meet a variety of intelligence needs, such as large model training, accelerated with the build-up of the national production capacity, with the company being one.
Inall to aiforall, the company’s operators have expanded well in recent years, and continue to be successful in the collection project. In ict, in 2023, the Xinhua III bid included China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and China’s connection.
Multiple major equipment collections, cr cluster routers first winning in the Chinese telecom collection, high end base data: 30 September 2024.
In addition, overseas as the company's second-growth curve is rising faster, and the H3c brand continues to grow \triangleright \triangleright
More specifically, the company’s overseas operations are based on networking, with its own branding increasing as a proportion of international business; and the purple clouds are being upgraded in line with the "Cunt-in-the-shelf" strategy.
The urban orbital cloud programme has been highly effective, with successive winnings for several comptoirs and urban orbital patterns projects; and the end-party, Gauwoo Ocean, where corporate and corporate resources are used to integrate solutions with end-products and promote end-product sales.
Xinhua 3aiforall was founded in 1999, initiated by the Purple Group and placed on the market the same year, and the company was restructured through multiple mergers and acquisitions.
The industry-wide chain of the duo layout, the “crowd core” – which covers two major business blocks of ict infrastructure services and the distribution of it – has fully covered the network, computing, storage, cloud computing, safety and smart terminals, digital solutions, etc. The company’s main subsidiaries are Xinhua, Purple Software, Purple Digital, Purple Westerns, Purple Clouds. Of these, Xinhua III is the base of ict.
The facility industry leads the industry, which is the owner of purple-light shares, and contributes most of the revenue and profits to the company. Purple software is China’s leading industry solution programme and the service provider of it, and it is an important part of the company’s cloud grid. Purple digital is the company’s main ict distributor, and it also covers smart logistics and supply chain finance. Purple-ray numbers are the main producer of digital storage equipment.
At the end of the performance, corporate revenue has increased steadily, and net profit returns have fallen slightly. Companies 2023/2024q1-3 have achieved revenue, respectively, as shown in figure 3: net profits from corporate returns and the same ratio.
Billions of yuan, including an 8.31% increase in the business of domestic firms. The company’s domestic business covers the Internet, smart medicine, smart education, smart finance, intelligent transportation, etc., and has increased steadily overall; on the part of operators, the company has a number of major collection projects, including China’s mobile, China’s telecommunications and China’s connection, that are well advanced in the data centre exchange, servers, firewalls, etc., and sits at the head of the operator’s supplier’s position.
Xinhua San has continued to deepen its cooperation with operators in the political and business spheres; in the field of overseas markets, Xinhua San continued to accelerate the depth and breadth of overseas markets in the first half of 2024, consolidating market positions in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Japan, etc., and continued to open new European markets, generating $685 million in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 69.26 per cent.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori ratio and net interest rate have remained generally stable and the R&D rate has been rising. 2023/2024q1-3 company ' s Māori ratio R&D ratio R&D ratio 7.30/6.42 per cent for 2023/24q1-3 company R&D costs, etc., can support the Huanca Cluster and the multi-constructural and multicpu and gpu ' s IPA platform 3.0 and the large model-scale H3uniserverr5,500g7 server, which supports the scale of the hundreds of millions of class parameters.
In terms of development strategy, Xinhua San has been empowered from aiinall to aiforall. Aaiinall was a holistic strategy introduced in Xinhua in 2020, integrating the Xinhua into all hardware and software products and providing full-scale coverage; based on the Xinhuall strategy, the company has built up a deep-scale “Cloud-Net-Ann-Ass-Ass-Ass-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-Ass-As-Ass-Ass-Ass-Asss-Ass-Ass-Asss-Asss-Asss-As-Ass-Ass-Ass-Asss-Asss-As-Asss-Assss-Asss-Assss-Ass-Assss-Asssssssssss-Assssssssss-Assssssssssssssssssss-As-Assssssssss-Assss-As-Asssssssssss-As-Assss-As.
In 2023, the company proposed aiforall as an enabling strategy for the industry, enabling arithmetic, data, intelligence and operation, promoting the deployment and application of large private sector models in the vertical sector, digitizing and intellectually upgrading customers in the “ai+scape solutions” enabling industry; specifically, the company released the “ai+speer” private domain large models, the luminous model, the luminous model enabling platform, and the lumber.
A series of products such as Rhinoi's assistant, a large private domain model that can form a comprehensive whole-chain, hardware and software end-to-end solution, has been piloted in the field of multi-field digital government and a number of large enterprises and is expected to provide a full range of flexible extension programmes for multi-sector clients in the future, such as finance, education, health, and digital energy, to enable companies to win the market front in the Tob, tog industries.
2. Corporate growth logic: political and business leaders are strong, operators are well-established, international operations are well-developed, and 2.1 governments maintain a leading position, their share of business is rising.
The number of artificial intelligence computing centres in China has reached 25, and the number of artificial intelligence computing centres under construction is more than 20. From the point of view of arithmetic, according to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications, the country ' s total computing power reached 302 eflops in 2022, a global ratio of about 33 per cent, a two-year increase of more than 50 per cent, and a global increase of more than 50 per cent; specifically, in 2022, the size of our intelligence computing power was 178.5 eflops, an increase of 72 per cent.
By the year 2026, the size of the smart calculus was projected to reach 100 billion floats per second, with the highest capacity of 208.26 pflops, combined, wave, 42 at dawn, 26 at dawn and 10 at top 3.
In addition, in terms of industry, the greatest demand for the Internet is followed by governments, services, finance, etc. In terms of general computing, the Internet accounts for 39% of the general computing power, the telecommunications sector is ranked second in terms of its contribution to the numeracy infrastructure, and the government, services, finance, manufacturing, education, transport, etc. is divided into three to eight places; in terms of smart computing, the Internet accounts for 53% of the intelligence numeracy, the service line, etc.
Industry has moved rapidly from traditional to emerging intelligent models, with the second largest share of arithmetic; the sectors of government, telecommunications, manufacturing, education, finance, transport, etc. have been divided into three to eight places.
At the end of the product, the company ' s share of the market for major product exchanges and servers continues to grow rapidly. At the end of the product, the company ' s share in the market for the Tainet exchange continued to be the first (34.8%), the gpu server in 2023 the second (19.7%), and the firm, park, data centre exchanges and blade servers the first. In the data centre area, in 2023, the company launched the entire market.
The first single chip, 51.2t800gcpo silicon data centre switch, with 25 per cent increase in the efficiency of gpu over time and successive roll-out of multi-generation data centre switch products such as the 800g standard exchange and the new generation of the Ideaai core switch; in the area of the full-light park network, the Division has released the full-light network 3.0 solution, using an integrated technology route with toophoon/gpon, which includes a photogram programme (with a network of too light)
In 2023, the company released the industry first-time rack immersion server (h3uniservercube) with a pee < 1.05 support centre for the development of the extreme data centre.
In 2024, the company released a series of g7 modular isomer algorithms, in which H3uniserverr 5,500g7 supported large model training on the scale of hundreds of billions of class parameters, with two state-of-the-art processors plusgpu isomers numeracy, supporting a large model mix of parallel training; the new generation of modular edge servers h3uniserve 3300g6 had network integration and edges.
The three-fold advantages of smartness and green efficiency, meeting the needs of different marginal scenarios such as 5g, marginal cloud, marginalai, electricity generation, large-scale ai-training and reasoning scenarios, have tripled their numeracy compared to the previous generation of products, and the training time can be reduced by 70%, and is now being applied in networking companies and in a number of centres of intelligence projects, covering the Internet, operators, finance, digital government, education, etc.
In the field, the company has released the 100% acute model, the 100% acute reasoning engine, the 100% acute model, and other products such as the energy platform, the Paranoi assistant, and based on the accumulation of the Encyclopedia model and the ai technology, fully embedding the ai capability in the company's various products; the newly released aigcrin, the rhinol unit, meets the performance and safety needs of the private domain deployment, supporting the one-stop approach of knowledge question and answer, multi-model reasoning, digital humans, etc.
Delivery has been applied to a wide range of industries; the Encyclopedia model, combined with the needs of industry landscapes, has led to a number of scenarios such as “ai+Data government”, “ai+medical” and “ai+ enterprise.” Corporate operators have expanded successfully in recent years, and the share of ongoing winning operators is expected to continue to rise.
On the other hand, in 2023, China’s subsidiary Xinhua III was ranked third among the suppliers of the new Chinese telecommunications city network and is the main supplier of China’s connection to the smart city network.
On the international front, in 2023, the company issued a new overseas strategy to help overseas on the three fronts of ecosystem, talent and technological innovation.
In the first half of 2024, Xinhua and China consolidated their market position in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Japan, etc., and continued to open new European markets, making breakthroughs in Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates, Singapore, Spain, etc.
In order to meet the localization needs of clients in various countries, companies have developed specialized and customized web products for international markets, continuously optimizing the five scenarios of “co-location, innovative education, efficient health care, public services and smart manufacturing” and increasing product market ownership.
Xinhua has successfully expanded its own overseas brand products and services, which represent a growing proportion of international business. In terms of revenue, 2021-2023h3c brands collect 714/870.1410 million yuan, or 48.81%, or 21.89%/62.04%, respectively, of the company's international business.
Upgraded to fully cover diverse scenarios such as mono-cloud, cloudy, marginal cloud, cloud-mixed, amphibian cloud-mixed, multi-centre disaster preparedness, and allow clients to experience the full cloud service quickly. During the first half of 2024, the purple cloud continued to deepen its three-dimensional capability of “brain-brain-brain-brain-brain” and released a new violet 5.0-cloud platform.
In the area of transport, a number of innovative industrial programmes have been launched covering various applications such as the urban track, airport and railway networks, including the traffic ip backbone network programme, the trans-industry aigc solution, the urban track edge digital base programme, the urban track integrated operational management platform, the urban track Dayas “two-class three-lane” data-processing programme, the urban track smart lift management programme based on wifi+lot, the airport “one cloud” digital base programme, small and medium-sized aircraft
Xinhua has been in the forefront of the market for four years in a row. According to idc, Xinhua III accounted for 37.7% of the country's urban orbital cloud in 2022, and in sub-sectors iaas, Paas, and Xinhua.
The market share of Saas is 46.6% in 20.7% in 34.1%, and the company’s end-use political channels have an advantage in expanding such goods as smart terminals. The company’s smart terminals consist mainly of commercial laptops, commercial desktops, smart screens, etc., and provide infrastructure and intelligence services to clients in the medical, educational, political and other sectors.
Panos' Smart Classroom Solution, Medico-to-Sense Clinic Solution, Wire-to-Fire-to-Room Solution, full 2.5g Fibre-to-Room, on the one hand, provides industry with a full digitization programme and, on the other hand, promotes the sale of end-products and increases the market share and influence of companies. Figure 19: Xinhua Three Smart Terminal Example
According to the branch office and its subsidiaries, the market was well expanded, and the bulk of the revenues of the H3c were split into exchanges, business routers, sp routers, business wlan.
Collections, x86 servers, storage, security hardware, super-integration, commercial terminal and h3c overseas, combined sub-collections, are relatively small. According to the subsidiary, purple digitized is the company's main ict distributor, and covers intelligent logistics and supply chain finance, with a separate collection projected for 2024-26.
Purple clouds are an important component of the company's “chilling cloud strategy”, focusing on smart city operations, public cloud research and development, operations and sales, and industrial networking, and are expected to collect $14.3.15.1-16.3 billion in 2024-26, correspondingly to 5.0 per cent/5.0 per cent/80.0 per cent; Table 3: Splitting of Purple stock operations (in billions)
In valuation, China received comparable averages of 32.6.13 per cent for the year 2024/2025 for communications, fire communications, wave information and China Sunlight as comparable companies, while purple light maintained a leading position in the business of the domestic exchange of public and private customers, while increasing the pace of overseas market expansion and increasing market penetration of the i product, corresponding to the 2024/2025 pe valuation of 30.37/25.43 per cent, taking into account corporate competitiveness and valuation levels,
The risk of changes in the macroeconomic environment: the need for deep integration between the digital economy and the traditional economy, the landing of new infrastructure such as 5g, and artificial intelligence have created a vast market space for companies. But, in the future, a digital build-up investment could have some impact on the company’s operations if the macroeconomic environment, both domestic and external, changes.
Technology and product R & D risks: The new generation of information technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and 5g are in a fast state of development, with rapid renewal and product transformation. Companies have been leading the industry in their inputs to product and technology R & D. If they fail to properly judge technological, product and market trends and adjust their R & D strategies in due course, they will be faced with a failure to properly grasp the direction of new technology R & D.
Risks of declining competitiveness and slowing growth: As the size of the company ' s operations continues to grow, so does the number of sales and technology R & D personnel. Higher operating costs and costs, such as personnel costs, rents, logistics, etc., will further reduce the company ' s margin of profit, which will be detrimental to the overall profits of the company.
Human resources risk: With a strong specialization in the full range of areas covered by the company ' s operations and increasing competition in modern enterprises, companies will face the risk of rising human resource costs and a shortage of skilled personnel and core business cadres.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.