Steam power (000338.sz) buys (first rating)
The traditional master-carat chain business has weakened and has grown steadily. 1) The heavy-carat chain business is the company ' s traditional business, with the company engine, re-carried car, heavy-card gear tank, three major sectors in 2019. 64 per cent of the business acquisition, 89 per cent of the parent-performance, and the company ' s historically heavy-carriage chain business.
Revenues, performances and heavy card sales are highly relevant and fluctuate with the heavy card cycle. 2) From top to bottom, I, the beach wood engine -- they think that the need for renewal supports the volume of heavy card sales over the next three years. According to our calculations, we think the heavy card is.
The need for renewal is 8-9 years, and it is expected that the need for renewal of heavy cards over the next three years will be more than 800,000 vehicles, 104,000 and 980,000, a reduction of 5 per cent per year. 3) From the bottom up, the share of the main customers of the wood engines (one gas, one gas, Fukuda) has risen, and the heavy fuel ratio has risen (the head of the Board, Tan Xuqwang).
The company’s heavy-carbon chain operations are expected to go beyond the heavy-card cycle. Smart logistics operations are successfully integrated, opening up new points.
The forklift industry is less cyclical and more growing, with 14% of the global market in 2018, thanks to Kai-su's placement in India, the Chinese market, and the competitive advantage of the electric forklift (19% of the global market), and the future.
It is expected that the global market share will increase further. 2) Companies, through mergers and acquisitions of dematekche in the area of automation, have benefited from the high growth of e-commerce, the high growth of the automated logistics handling industry, the steady growth of the Dematek harvest, which increased by 15 per cent in 2019 by the same level as the 1st in 2019.)
Forklifts, material handling automated leaders, with low overlaps between downstream clients, geographical advantage of Liu Yeon Shek, and the acquisition of Dematek by Kai-su complement each other, and future synergies can take place.
Hydrogen, which is at the core of the three main areas of communication, power generation, and storage power, will be rapidly released with policy impetus. The fuelwood mix will have a geographical advantage (Sandong), a resource advantage (Sandong local state company), a technology advantage (the heavy card industry chain tap +ballard technical support), and a fuel cell operation will be ready in the future.
Risk: Heavy card sales fall short of expectations, engineering and machinery sales fall short of expectations, and M&A integration risks.
The business is the company ' s traditional main business, which covers wood engines (heavy card engine taps), heavy gas (the country ' s fourth-largest heavy-car company), Faust (heavy card gear tank taps), the Hander Bridge (the commercial car bridge taps). Smart logistics-related business is the company ' s new business, mainly through mergers and acquisitions of Quehu, Dema.
Tek, in the field of forklifts, logistics supply systems, entangled in the chain of heavy-carat industries: traditional masters, the need for renewal to support heavy-card sales, three factors contributing to the growth of wood engines beyond the cycle.
Contributions to major collections, performances, and the root causes of corporate revenue and volatility of performance. 1) 62 per cent of engines, re-carriage trucks, heavy card gear boxes and 87 per cent of homecomings in 2018; 3 per cent of engine engines, re-carried cars and re-carriage boxes in 2019
The ratio of income to income was 64 per cent, while that of return to the home was 89 per cent; and the heavy-carat industry chain contributed to the main collection and performance. (2) The company ' s high-carat industry, with 31.6 per cent in 2018, the engine, 13.3 per cent and the heavy-cargo gear tank.
A 75.7 per cent rate has historically been associated with high-carat chain operations, performance and high-cartel sales, figure 2: corporate revenue is mainly contributed by the heavy-cartel chain, figure 3: corporate performance is largely contributed by the heavy-cartel chain
Kai's net profit; considering the internal offsetting of other business losses, engine performance and heavy gas performance, we measure that the net gain from engine operations is lower than the actual net gain from engine operations
Figure 5: Growth of corporate performance and growth of heavy card sales, top-down, demand for renewal supports heavy card sales: 1) Market fears of a break in the heavy card industry; cliff downturns have led to a decline in corporate performance; we believe that the future of heavy cards will be less cyclical and more economically stable
In the context of incremental growth, the demand for re-cards has grown steadily, with the need to upgrade 800,000 cards, the marketing hub, considering that some of the re-release needs have been released early in 2018, we conservatively expect sales to remain at around one million cards for the next three years, and 109 for 2019-2021.
The current ratio of sales of heavy works cards has fallen from 46 per cent in 2006 to 30 per cent in 2018, and the corresponding ratio of sales of heavy logistics cards has increased significantly, as a result of the fact that the economy has moved from investment to consumption, with some reduction in the cycle of heavy cards.
Demand support: On the basis of the post-calendar estimates, we believe that the replacement cycle of the heavy card will be 8-9 years, with an estimated need for more than 800,000 new cards in the future, which will support the future heavy card sales hub.
Figure 6: Decline in the weight card ratio of engineering, weakening cyclicality, bottom-up, three main factors help fuel wood engines beyond cyclicality: 1) motors have a technical lead, high value for money, a good endurance advantage, sufficient reserves for the country ' s six products and long-term exposure
For the benefit of the increase in the share of the three major cooperative companies carrying wood engines (one gas, gas, Fukuda). 2) Thanks to Tan Xu Guang, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Chasing Engine, as Chairman and Secretary of the Party, the heavy gas will be replaced by a “historical” of the wood engine in the future, looking forward to heavy gas in the future.
(c) Large-volume product increases, leading to profitability in diesel operations Smart logistics operations: ironing cycles, opening up new growth points Forklift operations: 1) Company and Kei-Hoon 2014, Main Camp Forklift, EU
Forklift manufacturers and service providers in the first and second largest parts of the world, with steady growth in revenue and profits since the table. (2) The forklift industry is less cyclical and more dynamic than the heavy-car industry, with sales in China reaching 13 per cent cagr in 2010-2018, and in China only cargr
In the future, global forklift sales are expected to increase steadily by 2 per cent, with regional attention being paid to India, China and the higher-speed forklift markets, and to types of higher-speed electric forklifts. 3) In 2018, the global market for cars accounted for 14 per cent, benefiting from the layout of the Indian and Chinese markets, as well as from electric power.
Forklift ' s competitive advantage (19 per cent worldwide forklift), with future global market occupancy expected: 1) Keisu acquired 100 per cent of Dematic shares in 2016, DeMartek ' s main material handling automation, and DeMartek is the world ' s first supply chain solution
Programners, third-largest supplier of logistics supply systems in the world, with an increase of 15 per cent in H1 warehouse stream operations in 2019. 2) Thanks to rapid e-commerce developments, global warehouse capital expenditure increased by 9 per cent in 2018 and the top 20 suppliers of logistics supply systems globally in 2018.
A 12 per cent increase, which is expected to sustain rapid growth in the logistics supply system industry in the future. 3) In 2018, Dema Teck accounted for only 11 per cent of the world ' s top 20 logistics supply system suppliers, while the city was still at the same rate as Quehu and De Matek, respectively, as leaders of forklifts and material handling automation, but both tourists
With low overlaps and different geographical advantages, Keisu's acquisition of DeMartek is complementary, with fuel cells: the forward-looking layout lead industry, which is expected to make a net profit of $800 million in 2030. 1) Hydrogen gas, as the core of the three main areas of communication, power generation and storage, will be rapidly released with national facilitation.
The Chinese government actively promotes hydrogen energy and clear development paths. From downstream applications, commercial vehicles will be the focus; from a regional perspective, there is a pre-emptive advantage in hydrogen abundance. Shandong, as a major hydrogen province, actively promotes hydrogen energy, and plans to join forces to build the world’s largest hydrogen energy transportation system.
As the main engine of the national heavy card, the wood was used to complete the layout of two major fuel cell types: pemfc (proton exchange membrane fuel cell), sofc (solid oxide fuel cell) and corporate fuel cell layout.
The Bureau leads the industry, and forward-looking strategies help the company to refine its new cardboard track and win an early advantage. 4) The company now has bulk production and accompaniment capacity for fuel cells, and plans to supply at least 2,000 fuel cells for commercial vehicles in China by 2021. We expect the company to have fuel cells in 2020.
The net profit from the business contribution amounted to $50 million, while the net profit from the fuel cell business in 2030 amounted to $800 million. 980,000 vehicles, with a slight increase in the market share of company heavy-car engines and re-cars, remained unchanged in the market for heavy-car gear cases.) As a result of the recovery in the non-car engine market, the company ' s non-vehicle share was maintained.
If the forklift market is growing robustly, and thanks to synergies with Chai Chai, Dema Teck, Kai-ho has increased slightly in China and the US. Tax policy, with a 48% increase in H1-Hu performance in 2019, is expected to be achieved throughout the year in 2019.
We use the segment valuation method to give the target a market value of $12.7 billion. The engine business, the gear box industry, compares to the global diesel company Conmins, and the whole car business compares with the Chinese heavy card.
Toyota Industries, a global forklift company like Kai-Hau, has been selected for the Toyota Industries. One-and-a-half card chains: the need to upgrade the demand to support the industry's sales, three factors to help the wood engines wear through the cycle.
1. Heavy card sector demand: up-to-date demand supports sales, which are expected to remain robust over the next three years Recapitulation of heavy card sales over the past 20 years: we believe that the main factors influencing the changes in sales are the three main factors of the economic cycle, the New Deal, and the emission standards.
The new deal (the super-news deal of 2004 and 2016) raises sales and decides on the centre of sales; the new discharge standards implement demand for early release and determine the volatility of sales. ▪ Looking forward to heavy card sales over the next three years: 1) The market is concerned that a steep drop in the heavy card industry has led to corporate activity
The performance has declined, and we believe that the future re-card cycle has weakened, that the demand for re-cards has grown steadily in the context of steady economic growth, that the need for renewal supports 800,000 heavy-card marketing hubs, that some of the demand for renewals has been released before 2018, and that we conservatively expect the sales of re-cards to remain around a million for the next three years.
The reduction in the weight card ratio reduces the cycle of the card: the current ratio of sales of the heavy card has fallen from 46 per cent in 2006 to 30 per cent in 2018, and the corresponding ratio of sales of the heavy card to the logistics has increased significantly, and the reason for this is that the economy of the country has moved from investment to consumption to consumption, to a certain extent, to a lesser extent.
(c) Circulatory nature of the card. 3) Update demand support: 1 Based on post-calendar estimates, we believe that the need centre of the replacement cycle (410,000 units) has doubled to support the future centre of card sales.2 The country ' s environmental policy is currently stringent, assuming that all countries will be completely eliminated by the end of 2021 with three or less cards.
▪ Framework for research on heavy card sales: In theory, the factors that influence the volume of heavy card sales include total road freight demand, policy overhang, transport efficiency, heavy card useful life, emission standards. We divide the recard demand into new and updated demand:
New demand refers to an increase in the retention of heavy cards, with the main influences being the total demand for road freight and the volume of single-cargo traffic.
The better the macroeconomy, the more demand is, the more demand is, the more demand is, the more transport efficiency is, the more demand is, the more demand is, the more demand is, the more demand is, and the need for renewal is related to the heavy card holdings, the heavy card useful life, and the emission policy.
The higher the need for renewal, the shorter the useful life of the card, the more the need for renewal. Considering the emissions, the general price of the card will rise, so the first half of the year of implementation of the new emission standard will stimulate the research framework for the re-card sales.
Total volume of road freight: Economic growth is steady, total demand for freight is steadily growing, the share of road freight is stable, and the policy of “trail and water transit” has limited impact on road transport.) The rate of increase in total freight is changing in step with that of gdp, and it is expected to increase steadily in the future. 1)
Historically, the increase in the volume of freight has been synchronized with the increase in the gdp, with the early economies being driven by the primary and secondary sectors, the volume of freight growing faster than the increase in the gdp, which has been accompanied by a gradual increase in the share of the third sector in the economy and a gradual decline in the rate of freight growth.
gdp is growing at a faster pace, but the trend is still synchronized. 2) Total freight stock has been growing steadily in recent years, rising by the same 7 per cent in 2018, and we expect that, against a background of steady economic growth, the share of road transport will be more stable in recent years, with the policy of “trail and public transit” for road transport in the short term.
China’s share of road transport is comparable to that of the United States, and it is expected that the share of road transport in the short term will not change significantly. The country’s share of road freight as a proportion of total cargo has remained constant at 75% in recent years, while road freight turnover represents 33% of total cargo traffic, relative to 33% of total cargo traffic.
2) In October 12018, the State Council issued a Circular on the Issuance of a Three-Year Action Plan to Promote Transport Restructuring (2018-2020), which proposes to promote the “public and public” movement of goods, which represents an increase of 1.1 billion tons in railway cargoes in 2020 compared to 2017;
30 per cent increase; the volume of surface freight increased by 500 million tons, or 7.5 per cent increase, and the volume of bulk cargo in coastal ports decreased by 440 million tons. For 2020, rail cargo amounted to 4.79 billion tons, compared to 9 per cent in three years, and 7.18 billion tons, compared to 2.4 per cent in three years.
We believe that, in the context of sound economic development and the continued increase in the volume of freight, the volume of road, rail, water and surface freight will continue to grow at the same pace, and that the rail and water traffic targets will be met. For example, the total volume of freight in 2018 amounted to 51.5 billion tons, an increase of 7 per cent; the volume of rail freight amounted to 4.03 billion tons, the same amount.
9 per cent increase; 6.99 billion tons of surface freight, 4.7 per cent increase; and 39.6 billion tons of road freight, 7 per cent increase.3 Conservatively, total cargo in 2020 is comparable to total cargo in 2018, with rail and surface freight increasing from “trail and water” to road freight.
This will decrease by 950 million tons, or only 2.4 per cent of road transport, and will have a limited impact on road transport. For a period of four years, rail transport will be less polluted and less expensive per unit of transport, compared with the future road transport.
In the short term, the policy is a key variable affecting the demand for the card, and the 2016 rule is the 2016 rule.
(i) In April 2004, the General Directorate of Quality Inspection and the National Standards Commission approved the publication of gb1589-2004 on the shape of road vehicles, axle charge and quality limit values; and seven ministries, namely, the Ministry of Transport, the Ministry of Public Security, the National Development and Reform Commission and the General Directorate of Quality Inspection, issued a report on:
Implementation of the National Vehicle Overcapacity Governance Programme, which brings together a number of ministries and departments to conduct large-scale “overcrowding” operations across the country. In 2004, heavy card sales increased by 45%, while the subsequent “overcrowding” policy was less intensive, and in 2005 heavy card sales were low, with a corresponding decline of 37%.)
In July 2016, the Directorate-General of Quality Inspection and the National Standards Commission approved the issuance of the national standard gb1589-2016 " Exterior sizes, axle charges and quality limits for motor vehicles and trains " ; in August, the Office of the Ministry of Transport and the Office of the Ministry of Public Security issued a special action for the rehabilitation of road trucks in violation of the law.
In August, the Ministry of Transport issued the Regulations on the Management of excess transport vehicles.
The 2015 heavy card holdings of 5.3 million, which in theory generated an incremental demand of 1.33 million in excess of the new regulations, with 6.63 million in theoretical holdings and 6.35 million in 2017, significantly increased the volume of heavy card sales in 2016 and 2017.
In the long run, China ' s logistics industry is far less efficient than developed countries, and the heavy-card demand hub will move down as transport efficiency increases. 1) In terms of rickshaw traffic, China requires 202 trucks per 1,000 tons of cargo, and Germany only needs 82 trucks per 1,000 tons of cargo.
See, with transport efficiency improvements, the hub of heavy-card sales will move down. 2) In terms of logistics costs as a percentage of gdp, China costs about 15% of gdp, and the United States and Europe costs of gdp about 8%, 9.5%. From US history logistics costs as a proportion of gdp
In view of the structural transformation of the economy that accompanied it between 1980 and 2000 (e.g. the shift from traditional to new industries, with a rise in the share of the tertiary sector), transport efficiency (e.g., the rise of “floating” transport, and the upgrading of logistics management), logistics costs declined steadily to the level of 8 per cent of gdp.
▪ Update needs: the need for renewal will support the stock market hub for the next 10 years, with an estimated demand of 820,000 for the next 10 years. The need for early release of emission standards, accompanied by implementation of country six and phase-out of country three, will be supported by sales of cards over the next three years, assuming that all countries will be fully eliminated by the end of 2021, with three or less cards.
The estimated need for the next 10 years is 820,000 vehicles, supporting the next 10 years of heavy card sales. 1) Theoretically heavy card holdings = accumulated sales of past x-years of heavy cards – accumulated end-of-life amounts of the past x years. Without consideration of end-of-life, historical data shows that the past eight years of heavy cards have accumulated
The sales are close to the heavy card holdings, and the actual renewal cycle of the heavy card should be greater than 8 years.) (ii) Rationale for the new year n card requirements = year n card holdings — year n-1 card holdings, year n card updates = year n card sales — year n card requirements, calculated for the new year n card requirements
The average replacement requirement for heavy cards in 2010 - 2018 was 410,000, falling between the average sales for the eight-year update cycle (460,000) and the average sales for the nine-year update cycle (360,000), and we believe that the actual renewal cycle for heavy cards should be between 8 and 9 years. 3) The calculation is based on the eight-year update cycle, and in the future,
820,000 at the centre of the need for card renewal in 8 years; 840,000 at the base of the need for card renewal in the next 8 years, based on the nine-year update cycle, the need for renewal is expected to support future stock sales.
Figure 21: China ' s re-card renewal cycle is greater than 8 years The demand for early release of emission criteria determines the volatility of sales, the implementation of country 6 and the phase-out of country 3 supports heavy card sales. 1) After the implementation of the general new emission standards, heavy cards need to be upgraded and added to zero.
Parts, selling prices will rise, for example, in countries with five upgrades, with the same type of heavy card price increasing by about $10,000, while manufacturers will promote old emission standard models, so some consumers will choose to buy old emission standard models and release some of the demand in advance.)
It is clear from historical sales that there will be large increases in sales in the first half of the year before the implementation of the new emission standards, such as in September 2011, in September 2014, in September 2014, and in January 2015, in January 4, in July 2017, in 2001, and in July 2017.
Sales peaked in 2004, 2013, 2017. 3) In June 2018, the Ministry of Eco-Environment released gb17691-2018 on emission limits and measurement methods for pollutants from heavy diesel vehicles (phase VI of China), which requires all heavy diesel vehicles to implement national a standards in July 2021.
In July 2023, national standards b were implemented. We expect the national sixa standards in 2021 to publish a three-year action plan to win the Blue Sky Defense War, with a plan to phase out by 2020 more than 1 million diesel trucks emitted from Kyoto, the plains and below.
We have 51.8 per cent of the total diesel cargo vehicle holdings in diesel trucks 3 and below, with a similar percentage of the total heavy card holdings in country 3 and below, with an estimated 3.29 million cards in country 3 and below, and a full stock of all heavy trucks in all countries 3 and below by the end of 2021
Ministry phase-out, with 800,000 newer hubs contributing between 2018 and 2021. 5) However, considering Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the plains of Shun, and Seng, the national standard VI was implemented in July 2019, it is expected that some of the sales of the heavy cards will be released early and that the sales of the heavy cards will decline slightly in 2020 and 2021.
2. Supply of heavy-cards: The pattern of competition is relatively stable, the technological threshold is high, the country ' s heavy-card sector is relatively stable, and there is still some room for upward concentration in the United States. 1) Since 2005, the country ' s heavy-card 5 has remained at 83%.
The rates are as follows: one gas emancipation (23 per cent), China heavy gas (16 per cent), East Wind (19 per cent), Tung Fung (15 per cent), North Fukuda (10 per cent). Since 2015, the share of one gas emancipated city has risen, and the share of the city is relatively stable, while China heavy gas, East Wind and North Fukuda have declined slightly.
The country’s heavy-card industry is more concentrated. The United States’ heavy-cr4 is 97%, the cr2 is 69%, and the top four companies have the following rates: daimler (38%), paccar (31%), volvo (17%), navistar (11%).
High, increasing demand for renewals in the card industry, and the concentration of the domestic heavy card industry still up to a certain point
National standards a, July 2023. The national emission criteria are mainly higher for nitrogen oxides (nox) and particulate matter (pm) in tail gas than for national standards V, and the main technical route is egr+doc+dpf+scr.
Development and certification take a lot of time, along with implementation in countries where enterprises with higher technological reserves are more competitive, and some small enterprises with weak technology or exit from the market.
The sub-incendiary combustion is introduced to achieve, on the one hand, full reburning, and, on the other hand, by adding the exhaust gas, it reduces fresh air intake and the combustion temperature in the tank, thereby discouraging the production of nitrogen oxides.
Doc (catalyzer for oxidation): achieves the oxidation of carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons, and reduces the carbon monoxide and hydrocarbon content in tail gas. dpf (particle trap): capture of non-oxidized particles in tail gas into traps, and removes particles from tail gas
Scr (selective catalytic reduction system): the most popular scr reduction is urea, in which the most popular is urea.
Eject urea in the tail gas reprocessing processor, with a reoxidation reaction, reducing the nitrogen oxide content of nitrogen oxides in the tail gas by reducing the concentration of nitrogen oxides in the tail gas.
Billion dollars, or 71 per cent of the total net return to the mother. 2) The company ' s heavy-card engine sales in 2018 amounted to 363 million. This is a warmer industry with a high temperature since 2015, with a high performance of wood engines, and some clients continue to “turn back” with wood engines. 3) Net interest rate of the parent company (main engine) in 2018
It's 17%, an increase of 1.4pc over the same period last year. The firm's net interest rate has been rising steadily since 2015, and we believe that it is mainly the optimal product structure (high-volume product as a share) that raises profits.
Growth, profitability, homogenization. We believe that three major factors contribute to the growth of the wood engine beyond the cycle: 1) the engine has the advantage of technological leadership, high value and durability, the country has a sufficient stock of six products, and will benefit in the long term from the three main cooperative enterprises carrying the wood engine (one gas, one gas, one gas, one Fukuda).
2) Thanks to Tan Xu Guang, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Chai Chai Motsu, who has been the chairman and secretary of the Party's committee for heavy steam in China, the future heavy gas will be changed to the “historic” of the engine, and more cooperation between the engine and the wood will be expected in the future. 3) The bulk of the output will be higher than the profits of the diesel business.
Over-cycle factor 1: 32 per cent of the company ' s heavy-card engine in 2018. From the company ' s larger downstream clients, the company ' s most important partners are Steam, Steam, Fukuda, and the company ' s sales to three major cooperative heavy-car companies account for 62 per cent of the company ' s motor sales.
The Division has a 90% match rate for gas and a 30% match rate for gas and Fukuda. Since 2015, the number of companies in the three major cooperative heavy-card companies has steadily increased.
Share () The future share of the three major cooperative heavy-carat companies carrying wood engines is expected to continue
Over-cycle factor 2: In the last decade or so, China’s heavy steam has largely failed to match the wood engine, and has benefited from Tan Xu Guang’s assumption of the post of Chairman and Secretary of the Party’s Committee. In September 2018, Tan Xiaoqin, Chairman of the Board, served as Chairman and Secretary of the Party’s Committee for Heavy Gas.
In May 2019, a new Stall series and a grand series of products were launched with the combined heavy-air power of China to carry the engine wp 10h, and it is expected that in the future, China's heavy-gas and wood power will go beyond cyclical factor 3: the ratio of large-volume products to the profitability of engine operations.
Upwards and downwards, with economic development, high value added cold-chain logistics, electricity traders booming, more time-bound, stable and safe road transport, and better demand for large-volume engines in the market.
With a 1.6% increase, h platform engine sales amounting to 58,000, 100% increase, and large-trail launches amounting to 1,500, or 66% increase. Consider the higher profitability of large-volume products and the higher profitability of the engine operations.
4. Gravity car: based on the power of the engine, there has been a steady increase in city occupancy and profitability — a steady increase in stock ownership and profitability. 1) 51 per cent of the shares of the company ' s controlling subsidiary, Shaanxi Heavy Vehicle Company Limited, a full-car truck of the heavy-carrying main battalion, and the sales of the heavy truck in place of the national heavy card.
Business sales are 4th. 2) In 2018, the heavy-breeding business received $5.11 million, or 32% of the total; in 2018, the net return to the mother was $670 million, or 7.8% of the total net return to the mother) and 13.3% of the heavy-breeding market in 2018, which has risen steadily since 2015.
And with the first three heavy-cartel companies gradually shrinking, we believe that the future heavy-gas is expected to build on the advantage of the engine and further increase the rate. 4) Since 2016, the net interest rate for heavy-gas has been rising steadily, mainly because companies have successfully developed the heavy-cartel and launched a series of high-end heavy-cartel-led companies' heavy-card unit prices.
Figure 39: Ratio of corporate heavy card operations to corporate heavy card sales Figure 41: Corporate heavy card sales Figure 43: Corporate heavy card operations, net profit
Figure 44: Net corporate heavy-card operations since 2015 as a result of unit price increases 5. Fausto (carat speed box): global market dominance is highest and profitability is steadily increasing Speed-box operations: stable city occupancy and steady growth in profitability. 1) Company-owned subsidiaries Xanxifa
51 per cent of the stock of Steartooth Co. Ltd., the speed changer box of the main Rusty battalion, the annual sale of the heavy card gear box, ranked first in the world for more than a decade, with more than 8 million market holdings.) In 2018, the Faust camp received 1.39 million yuan, or 8.7 per cent of the total; net profit to the mother was $720 million, or net profit to the overall mother.
Given the long-standing rate of over 70 per cent in the city of the Faust heavy-cargo and the limited scope for future upgrading, the growth point is expected to be the expansion of the light-car fast-car and passenger-car fast-moving boxes. (4) The steady increase in the net interest rate of the Faust in 2015 is mainly due to the return of the heavy-cars industry.
Figure 45: Companies' share of heavy card gear business operations Figure 47: Companies' sales of heavy card speed boxes Figure 48: Companies' long-standing share of heavy card speed box markets is over 70 per cent
Figure 49: Companies ' heavy-card gear tank revenue, net profit Figure 50: Companies ' net interest rate on heavy-card tanks has steadily increased since 2015 II. Smart logistics: ironing out cycles, opening up new growth points
1. The company ' s smart logistics operations consist mainly of forklift operations and logistics supply system operations, and in September 2012, the company paid Euro467 million (equivalent to RMB3.7 billion) to acquire Quehua.
(kion) 25% equity; will be proud in June 2014. Since then, Kae-ju equity has been growing, with 45% of the company holding ki-on equity as of 2019. Kae-ho is the second largest engineering vehicle manufacturer and service provider in Europe, with global forklift holdings.
In November 2016, Keisu paid $16.1 billion to buy 100% of Dematic in order to cut into the area of automated material handling.
With more than 6,000 automated logistics clients, in 2018 a total of $60.5 billion was collected, or 38 per cent of the total, and the net return to the mother was $1,146 million, or 13 per cent of the total net return to the mother.
▪ The historical growth in the Käesau harvest has been steady, and the significant increase in the 2017 harvest was mainly the result of a steady increase in net profits and a sharp rise in net interest rates since the takeover, mainly due to a sharp fall in the Kösho financial rate.
Thirty-four billion yuan RMB, or 13% more, with a performance of 220 million RMB (equivalent to 1.7 billion RMB), with a fair purchase price and a 34% increase in equity. There have been seven historical increases in the shareholding of Queyu, with a total monthly market value of 5 billion (equivalent to RMB 39.2 billion); and Que Qui has an increase in the shareholding of Qai Su.
Figure 53: A steady increase in the net profit from the revenue from Kai-ho, Figure 55: A major contribution from the forklift business Figure 56: A major contribution from the forklift business to Kai-ho's performance
Figure 57: The acquisition of Kai by Qi, Figure 58: Quesau's equity value added by 33 per cent 2. Queshu forklift: a steady increase in global sales, a new growth in the Chinese market and electric forklifts
The global economy is expected to grow robustly, and forklift sales are expected to grow robustly. 1) Reviewing history, global forklift sales grew by about 1.3 times as much as gdp in 1980-2010, and global forklift sales by about three times as much as gdp in 2010-2018. Forklift sales grew faster than global sales of gdp, mainly by electricity dealers in recent years.
2) According to Imf, global gdp growth is projected to remain at over 3 per cent over the next five years, with robust global economic growth, power supplier development, forklift industry: regional attention to India and the Chinese forklift market. 1) Subregionally, Europe and the United States are currently looking at Europe and the United States.
Forklift holdings exceeded 700 for millions in developed regions such as Japan and India, Brazil and China. Forklift holdings in developing regions such as India, Brazil and China remain low and will continue to increase significantly in the future. 2) Forklift sales in China reached 15 per cent in 2013-2018, higher than global forklift sales (10 per cent).
Forklifts can be divided into inner-fired forklifts, electric forklifts, compared to inside-fire forklifts, low-noise, non-emission advantages, and most warehouse forklifts use electric forklifts, along with logistics, electric power.
Forklifts gradually replaced in-house forklifts. 2) Global electric forklifts accounted for 55 per cent in 2014, global electric forklifts for 63 per cent in 2018 and electric forklifts for 13 per cent; Chinese electric forklifts for 31 per cent in 2014, Chinese electric forklifts forklifts for 47 per cent in 2018 and electric forklifts for 47 per cent in 2018
Cagr reached 26 per cent; the sales of electric forklifts have increased rapidly.) Forklift operations have contributed to the main collection, performance, steady growth in the business of Kaiju, and a steady profit margin in the business. 1) Forklift operations have contributed to the main collection and performance of Kae-ju.
Forklift operations in 2018 accounted for 74 per cent of the revenue received by Kaiju, while forklift operations accounted for 83 per cent of Kaiju ' s performance. (2) Forklift operations orders in 2018 amounted to Euro6,211 million (equivalent to RMB 47.5 billion), an increase of 6 per cent, compared with 4 per cent in Cagr over the past four years; forklift operations, Euro9,922 million (equivalent to a discount)
In 2018, the company forklifts sold 2,167,000 vehicles, or about 14 per cent of the city ' s share. Kai-Shou owned Linde and Stil.
Five forklift brands (still), Finnwick, Baoli, Om voltas. Linde and Still are world-class high-end forklift brands. Baoli is focused on the economic forklift market.
(fenwick) is France’s largest forklift brand. Omvoltas is the leading market player in Italy and India. One of the performance growth points: India’s market, China’s market incremental space. 1) Consider the current Indian and Chinese markets.
Forklift holdings are low in countries like China, where future sales of India and China forklifts are expected to increase at a higher rate than global sales of forklifts. 2) The current Omer Voltas brand under the flag of Kaiju is the leader of the Indian forklift and the flag Linder forklift is ranked third in China and is expected to benefit from the Indian market and China in the future.
The market forklift market is booming. 3) According to Käi Hwu annual report, 15% of the Chinese forklift sales were made in 2013-2018, 15.3% of the Chinese forklift sales were made in Käi Hwu, and the market for the Chinese forklifts increased in Käi Hwu, but the increase in the Chinese forklift sales in the last two years was lower than the increase in the Chinese forklift sales in Käi Hwu.
Forklift sales in China have increased at a faster rate. Performance growth point two: beneficial penetration of electric forklifts has increased.
Storage forklifts, 84 per cent of the total sale in 2018, 19 per cent in the global market, more competitive electric forklifts, and expected deep benefits from global electric forklift penetration
2018 toyota kion
It's not like he's got a gun in his head.
Chart 71: Forklift products under Kai-Hau's flag
• The Chinese forklift sales are increasing at a faster rate than the Chinese forklift sales are increasing at a faster rate than the Chinese forklift sales are increasing at a faster rate.
Rapid growth, with global warehouse capital spending rising by 9% to 9% in 2017 and 2018, and monthly payments of $16.1 billion to buy 100% of Dematic shares into the area of material handling automation.
RMB 18.6 billion, or 16 per cent of the same increase, generated € 2,055 million (equivalent to RMB 15.7 billion), the same 2 per cent increase, and the operating profit rate remained at 9 per cent. The high growth of orders in 2018 and the same increase of 15 per cent in storage logistics operations in 2019.
▪ The DeMartek Main Camp is designed to provide automated system solutions for factories, warehouses, distribution centres, and to provide automated system solutions for six main links: access, transport, storage, selection, exit, and high supply chain performance. DeMartek is the world's first supplier of supply chain solutions, and global third.
Figure 74: Steady growth in the handling of Quay material
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifuku honeywell (intelligrate) knapp
Figure 76: Dematek's main system, sorting system, sorting system
The cipher system focuses on high-speed, reliable voice-guided selection.
Combination of groceries code, sorting system, including as/rs1, wear.
The sorting and sorting system, the shuttle and the shelf, the full-scale sorting technology.
The robot picks out Keisu's acquisition of DeMartek, which is complementary and synergizing. Keihu and DeMartek are leaders of the global forklift, and of the automatic handling of materials, which overlaps with their downstream customers and layout.
But the advantages are different: DeMartek's downstream customers are concentrated in e-commerce, wholesale retailing, and the Caeju forklifts are hunted in metals, chemicals, cars, etc. The advantages of the Caejo forklift are mainly in Europe, while the advantages of de Matek are mainly in the United States.
Synergy can occur. In 2019 h1, North American forklift sales were equal to or less than 15%, while Kaiju North American forklift sales were equal to an increase of 10%.
Figure 78: Distribution of the revenue areas of the Kaiju warehouse logistics operations Figure 79: Distribution of the revenue areas of the Kaihu forklift operations Figure 80: Distribution of the revenue areas of the Kaiau warehouse logistics operations
iii. Fuel cells: forward-looking layout leading industry, combined with ballard, ceres, which is now more than trillion in demand for hydrogen in the future, with primary energy demand predominantly based on oil, gas and coal, at over 85 per cent in 2017.
The ball has identified 50.2 years of oil reserves, 52.6 years of natural gas reserves, 134 years of coal reserves, the depletion of traditional non-renewable sources of energy in the context of annual growth in global energy demand, and the active development of renewable energy sources.
Against the background of the greenhouse effect, 175 countries signed the Paris Accord in 2016, with the main objective of keeping the average temperature rise of this century at 2°C, considering that global carbon dioxide emissions are dominated by energy systems and that countries are actively developing clean energy sources.
The advantages of noise, zero pollution, are the only new sources of energy that can be used simultaneously for transportation, storage (hydrogen can store wind, solar) and electricity generation. Hydrogen energy is important for all countries, and many countries drive hydrogen energy from top-level designs.
According to the government’s report, Japan considers the development of hydrogen energy as a national policy, and South Korea has identified hydrogen energy as one of the three strategic investment areas. Countries have actively developed hydrogen energy and developed corresponding road maps.
18 per cent of the average annual market size for hydrogen energy and applications is over $2.5 trillion (taking into account the size of the market for related products, such as fuel and battery cars, over $4 trillion).
The focus for the future will be on transport, construction/chp, power generation after 2025, industrial energy, estimated to be about 10-15 million fuel cell vehicles in global operation in 2030, 400 million fuel cell vehicles in 2050 (about 25 per cent) and 5 million fuel cell trucks (about 25 per cent)
30 per cent) The number of fuel cell buses amounted to 15 million (about 25 per cent), representing about 10 per cent of the estimated global users in 2030 (mixed gas) and 8 per cent globally in 2050 (pure hydrogen).
2. The central promotion of hydrogen energy, Shandong ' s plan to work together to build the world ' s largest hydrogen energy transport application system, top-level policies are increasing the speed of hydrogen energy development. 1) On March 15, 2019, hydrogen energy was first included in the Government ' s Report, and national policies, local governments and industries have given high priority to a promising future.
2) On March 26, four ministries issued a new Circular on the Further Development of the Policy for the Application of Fiscal Subsidy for the Promotion of New Energy Vehicles, which states that “local policies should be improved and after the transition period no new energy vehicles (other than new energy buses and fuel cell cars) will be subsidized.
Conversion to support the construction of “short panels” and accompanying operational services for recharged (hydrogen) infrastructure.  Model applications for fuel cell cars in public service by 2020, based on the Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicle Technology Road Map, will reach 5,000 units by 2025;
The extension of vehicles reached 50,000 vehicles; by 2030, the large scale of hydrogen fuel cell vehicles was achieved, with more than 1 million hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. By 2020, 2025, 2030, the number of hydrogen-added stations was 100, 300, 1,000.
Figure 84: Hydrogen energy policy supports continuous additions to the code, China ' s fuel cell car development path is clear: the first stage is to reduce fuel and hydrogen costs through commercial vehicle development, while driving the construction of hydrogen-filling plant support facilities to be extended to private car collars.
The reason for the priority given to commercial vehicles is that, on the one hand, the average cost of public transport is low and is sufficient to achieve a good social outreach effect, leading to lower fuel cell costs and hydrogen gas costs on a scale, and, on the other hand, commercial cars operate on fixed lines and are concentrated in vehicles, building an accompanying hydrogen-added station.
It's easier. When there's an increase in the number of hydrogen plants and lower costs of hydrogen and fuel cells, more fuel cell cars will be supported.
In 2019, the fuel cell industry moved into the fast track of the scale show. In 2019, the H1 fuel cell vehicle sales were 508 and 484 respectively, an increase of 9.8 and 14.6 times, respectively, compared to the same period the previous year. In January-June, the fuel cell vehicle sales were completed, respectively.
1,170 vehicles and 1,102 vehicles, which are 7.2 and 7.8 times higher, respectively, than the same period in the previous year.  Shandong is a large department of hydrogen energy, with a huge advantage in excess by-products of hydrogen. 1) At the beginning of hydrogen energy development, the region had a pre-emptive advantage in hydrogen energy development. 2) According to our statistics, Shandong province now has surplus by-products.
Hydrogen (mainly chlor-alkali by-product hydrogen) amounts to 235,000 tons for one year for 8.6 commercial vehicles, and planned excess by-product hydrogen (including propane dehydration, ethane dehydration) amounts to 640,000 tons for one year for 228,000 commercial vehicles.
In February 2019, Shandong Province launched the Road Map for the Development of the Hydrogen Energy Industry in Shandong Province (the draft proposal).
Proposing the future hydrogen energy development objectives of Shandong, and planning to work with the Quissant Group to build the largest hydrogen energy transport application system in the world, by 2020, 2,000 fuel cell cars and 20 hydrogen-added stations will be in place;
During the year, the number of fuel cell vehicles reached 100,000 and the number of hydrogen-added stations was 500.
(b) New energy estates in the province, with a planned investment of 50 billion yuan, and plans to build 10,000 manufacturers of fuel cell systems, hydrogen storage systems, electric machines, battery production lines, etc.;
Industrialized technology and applications, fuel-cell engine integration and control for heavy-duty trucks; 4) Xianqian Tsai Tsai's heavy-duty workers primarily perform demonstration tasks for the promotion of fuel-cell vehicles in the provinces. 3. Xianqing Unit Ballard, céres, active layout of fuel cells
In view of the advantages of fuel cells for long-duration, high-heating, heavy-loading and zero-pollution, we believe that fuel cell vehicles in the future will be a perfect alternative to diesel vehicles.
The two types of fuel cell layout were completed with the participation of ballard (pemfc leader, $600 million in 2018), cerespower (sofc leader, $55.42 million in 2018), which completed the layout of the two types of fuel cell: pemfc (proton sex, membrane fuel cell), sofc (solid oxide fuel cell).
The fuel cell layout leads the same team, and a forward-looking strategy helps the company to refine its brand new track and win a first-hand advantage. After the fuel cell in the fuel plate, Bosch in 2019.
He was awarded partial technical authority by the Powercell (pemfc, 400 million yuan in 2018) and Conmins (global diesel tap) acquired hydrogenics (pemfc leader, 200 million yuan in 2018).
Ballard is a global commercial car pemfc leader, a product that is well-developed, has an exclusive production mandate for its new generation of lcs reactor in China, and plans for the initial roll-out of 2,000 fuel-cell vehicles, which is expected to lead the Chinese fuel-cell commercial vehicle market in the future.
In November of that year, he spent 1,118 million yuan on the purchase of Ballard 19.9% of the shares. He worked in depth with Ballardda.) In November 2018, he paid $1.1 billion to set up a joint venture with Ballard, which is 51% of the share and 49% of the share.
Ballard paid $90 million (equivalent to RMB 630 million) to obtain authorization for exclusive production and assembly of modules from the new generation of the lcs reactor in Balad in China. In May 2019, Chai Chai purchased core spare parts from Ballard for a total contract value of $44 million (equivalent to 300 million).
1) Ballard is the world’s leading pemfc company. Ballard was founded in 1979 and was founded in 1979.
Annual revenues of $660 million. 2) The company ' s main products are fuel cells, fuel cell reactors, which are used mainly in medium and heavy vehicles (buses, trucks), forklifts, light tracks, ships, material handling, fixed power generation, etc., with customers covering markets such as the United States, Europe, China, Japan, etc.
3) Ballard Fuel Battery Reactor products include fvolency — 9ssl (4kw-21kw), fcgenlcs (5kw-50kw). 4) In 2018, the company released a new generation of high-performance fuel cell reactors, lcs.
Hours, which can be activated at low temperatures of -25°C and run at up to 85°C. Chart 89: fvolocity-9ssl reactor Chart 90: fcgen-lcs reactor
cerespower is the global leader of sofc, unlike the traditional sofc, which can only be used for residential, branch-based power generation, the company sofc products can be used in the area of automobiles, and the sofc vehicles are jointly developed to further refine the company ' s fuel cell layout.
In May 2018, the company invested 400 million yuan to buy 20 per cent of the shares of the carepower and plans to set up a joint venture to promote the application of sofc technology in the Chinese market by 2020, in addition to the sum of £3 million to be paid out by Quissai.
In order to facilitate the process of industrialization, the fuel power plant and the cerespower will jointly develop the first phase of their joint development.
30 kwstelcellium fuel cell, fueled by cng, for the electric passenger bus accelerator system, which is expected to be validated in the first half of 2019.
In 2019, the increase was mainly due to the growth of fuelwood orders. 2) The company ' s main product is the sofc product, unlike the traditional sofc product, which is generally used for residential, branch-based electricity generation.
Steelcell can be used in cars, downstream customers include scavengers, zodiacs, Japanese products, etc. Item, Steelcell can be used for 60% of the electrical efficiency of the fuel cell product. Chart 91: Unlike traditional sofc products, Steelcell can be used in chart 92: steelcell
4. It is expected that in 2030, more than 100 billion new energy products will be collected and nearly 800 million fuel cells will perform in accordance with the company ' s 2020-2030 strategy, the new energy business will be the way forward, and the fuelwood programme will focus on hydrogen fuel cells as the main thrust of the technology, with the construction of a whole vehicle, whole engine, total power systems, etc.
Battery, new energy-powered industrial chains, new energy-powered industrial parks. The company's new energy-driven parks have invested a total of $50 billion and are expected to generate revenues from the sale of new energy products in 2030.
The catalogue, with the bulk production of fuel cells and the supporting capability, combines a passenger bus with three hydrogen fuel cell buses operating on a special line in the mill, and puts 30 fuel cell buses into operation with a cumulative operating mileage of 500,000 kilometres.
▪ The company plans to supply at least 2,000 fuel cells for commercial vehicles in China by 2021, assuming that we expect China to sell 1 million fuel cell vehicles in 2030, that the fuel cell capacity is 150 kw, that the cost of the fuel cell system is reduced to $600/kw, and that the industry ' s Māori rate is 20 per cent.
In 2030, China’s fuel cell market was more than $100 billion. Assuming that the market was 15%, the fuel cell contributed more than $16 billion, the net interest rate on the fuel cell business was 5%, and the net profit on the fuel cell was more than $800 million.
(iv) Profit forecasting and investment proposals: 10,000 vehicles, company heavy-car engines, re-cars and re-cars, with a slight increase in the market share of heavy-car gear boxes, with no change in the market share. (ii) Assuming that the recovery in the non-car engine market is the result of a recovery in the non-car engine market, the company ' s non-car-engine share of non-car engines is slightly higher.
There is an increase. 3) Assuming a robust growth in the forklift market, and thanks to synergies with Chai Chai, De Matek, Qi-Chou’s share in China and the US has increased slightly. Assuming that other operations benefit from a decline in sales rates, net interest rates have increased slightly.
Competing the world's diesel-powered leader, Conmins, the whole car business, China's heavy-car, Kai-su's business, and Toyota Industries, the world's forklift.
▪ The volume of heavy card sales is not as high as expected and the volume of engineering machinery sales are not as high as expected: China ' s economy continued to face significant downside pressures in 2019, accompanied by an escalation of trade friction between China and the United States, or resulted in weaker downstream demand, more heavy card sales and less than expected sales of engineering machinery; and the low profile of heavy card and engineering machinery industries.
Under this scenario, the entire car factory is more inclined to “low-cost” than “high-quality” products, and the company’s market share or risk of M & As integration: 1) in recent years, the company’s M & A series of companies had a goodwill of 23 billion yuan in 2018, and in 2016 the company acquired Dematek and created a goodwill of 14.8 billion, if not more than expected, in the future.
2) Although the company has a strong M & A integration capability, based on the history of corporate acquisition (which, since the balance sheet, has grown steadily), it needs to be vigilant about M & As and then averaged the final rating as an average investment in the market.