The depth of wood power (000338) reports that heavy-card power has a strong edge in the chain of gold industries, and that the combined power is in the lead, strongly recommended (maintenance)
To benefit from the technological thresholds and the continuing need for renewal of the new emission standards, the firewood will further consolidate the position of the heavy card engine market. The wood is the first engine in the industry to have completed the development, certification and launch of a series of national six launches that meet the national six emission standards.
In July 2020, the six standards for the country of the vehicle were gradually implemented, with a significant increase in technical requirements, the industry threshold will be further increased, and companies will benefit from early deployment and increased industry concentration. Similarly, this year, investment in infrastructure and real estate development has increased at a rate of 18 years.19
With the new demand release, the industry will continue and drive the high sales of heavy-card engines, and I, Engines: City occupancy continues to rise, product diversity plus technology will gradually optimize the product structure and reduce exposure to heavy-card cycle fluctuations.
In recent years, the diesel market has also continued to rise, from 10.95 per cent in 16 years to 1h in 19 years, focusing on and investing in research and development. The company has maintained its full product and series of layouts, and in recent years has made significant efforts to develop non-tradable motors, benefiting from engineering and agricultural engine sales in the industry.
The company’s sales of heavy cards fell to 55%, non-road engines already accounted for about 30% in 19h, engineering and agricultural engine sales increased by 7.5% and 23.8% to 7.4 and 26,000 respectively.
The company’s gradual fullness and diversification will optimize the product structure, will help reduce the exposure to heavy card sales, will be driven into early deployment, and the chain of heavy-carat gold industries will gradually create synergies. The gold chain of the woody gold industry is largely reflected in the fact that the parent engine, especially the heavy-card engine, has become the engine of the parent company.
Industry taps; heavy-breathing cards are on the first team; the heavy-carat transmission tank in Faust is stable; it is in the van; it controls Lindh's hydraulic lead hydraulic techniques. The heavy-breathing has continued to be stymied in recent years, and with cost-control efficiency, net interest rates have been rising in recent years, and it is hoped that they will be reached in the future.
3-4%. Fascist sales have continued to grow annually, with an increase of 11.3% to 582,000 in 19h on a year-on-year basis, and the vanguard position has been further consolidated with an increase in the city ' s share from 4.8 points at the end of 18 to 80.5% at 1h in 19 and a gradual increase in net interest rates to the recent level of 10%.
Rapid growth, benefiting from the growth in downstream engineering and mechanical applications, coupled with the progressive realization of ‘German technology plus Chinese production’, will lead to a further increase in domestic revenue when the new plant is built at the end of the year. Kaiju’s performance is stable, and the forklift operation has the potential to grow, working with Dematek to create intelligent layouts.
The broad-based Hensen automobile industry - a review - is in the field of logistics. Kai Hwa is the largest in Europe, the second largest industrial forklift manufacturer in the world, with close orders (000338)-q3 having a steady performance and industry profile.
In addition, in 2016, Keisu acquired DeMartek, whose clients are mainly in a variety of industries, the main source of the growth in the market and electric forklift trends in the countries that are driving heavy-card demand and Asia.
The geographical distribution of the client groups also varies significantly, enriching the downstream demand areas and areas of the company, and increasing business resilience to the risks of the economic cycle.
At more than 5 per cent, the overall contribution to reducing the volatility of firewood performance is reported in depth (000338) Profit predictions and valuations: based on the continued diversification of company engine products and the formation of technological excellence.
It is expected that the company will maintain its growth in sales, and that in the long term it is expected that the city’s share will increase further, plus and expected; that macroeconomic growth will be lower than expected; and that competition in the industry will increase.
1.1 The development of firewood has so far expanded outward to form a network of industries The energy of wood fuel has evolved into a systematic industry through overseas acquisitions and acquisitions. The fuel wood engine is an internationalized company that sells car parts and whole machines, and its physical control group, S.A.L., was created in 1946 and has more than 80,000 employees worldwide.
The company has mature power production technologies that shape the more systematic product landscape, including the power plate: diesel engines, gear tanks, bridges, whole cars, auto parts, hydraulics, etc. The idea of running wood is to have the entire vehicle, with the power system at its core, as a global leader, with the core technology, and with the sustainable development of an internationalized industrial equipment consortium.
Looking back at the history of corporate development, the company was founded in 2002 and set up a research and development centre in Europe in 2003. In 2004, wood power went on the market at Hong Kong Union Houses. In 2006, woodwood bought torches, in the following year, in deep shops. In 2009, wood powered abroad and bought from the French company Bo Duan, international M&As began. In 12 years, Keisu and Lindh were acquired in Germany, and in the following year, Kayo successfully traded in Frankfurt, Germany.
The stockholders’ structure is relatively stable, and control is exercised by the Shandong State Finance Committee. The three main shareholders in the company are the Hong Kong Central Settlement Agency Ltd., the Cheyt Holdings Group Ltd., and the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., with a ratio of 24.43%, 17.72% and 4.56% respectively.
In addition, one of the shareholders, the Xinjin City Investment Group Limited, which holds 3.74% of the shares, actually controls the State Property Control Board of the Xinjin City People's Government. The share ratio varies between the shareholdings of the ivm Technical Advice Vienna Ltd. and the Shandong Business Hosting and Operations Company Ltd. of Austria.
On the management side, the corporate corporate entity, the Chairman of the Board and Mr. ceo Tan Xuqwang hold 58,842,600 shares, of which the Vice-President and Secretary of the Board resigned in October 2018, and the independent director, Lu Yi, left his post in June 1818.
His main management, Xu Xinyu, Sun, and Zhang Quan, have been in the company for more than a decade, holding a certain number of shares to ensure that the management’s own benefits are in line with the company’s interests. In addition, the Manager’s Equity Incentive Scheme and the Executive Committee’s Equity Incentives Scheme, implemented by the major subsidiary kion, have also started to implement the associated Stock Incentives Scheme in 2015 and the Associated Stewardship and Faust’s initiative to motivate management.
In 2018, the average wage of workers increased by 4.3% to 55.39 million yuan, with the average pay per capita rising in recent years. At the same time, companies implemented incentives for project innovation, patent incentives, management incentives for innovation, and incentives for staff housing, and developed a well-developed system for evaluating pay standards.
In 2007, the wood power acquired the torch, holding the weight and weight of the car. The wood power is currently in the main holding or participating companies, including Shaanxi Heavy Motors Ltd., kionggroupag, and Tsang Siphate gears are limited.