A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Solid earnings momentum; Asset quality trend is key to watch
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 19.80)
Up/Downside
+52.4%
PAB reported decent 1Q20 PPoP/net profit growth of 19.4%/14.8% YoY.
Current Price
Healthy credit expansion, stable NPL ratio, and better operating efficiency were
key positives. 1Q20 NIM narrowed 2bp QoQ, but should outperform peers on
China Banking Sector
resilient loan pricing and higher proportion of market-based funding. Down 21%
YTD (vs -11.6%/-5.9% for A-share banks/CSI 300 Index), the Bank appeared to
Terry Sun, CFA
be over-penalized for above-peers exposure to consumption related loans.
Despite temporary fluctuation in retail NPLs, PAB is likely among the first to
walk out of this credit down-cycle as we expect corporate loan quality to be well
managed.
Stock Data
■ Results positives: 1) Loan growth was robust at 5.2% QoQ vs 4.6% QoQ
for system loans. Corporate loan growth accelerated to 11.4% QoQ on
policy stimulus, while retail loans were muted (+0.8% QoQ) on subdued
consumption activities amid COVID-19's outbreak. 2) Investment gain
picked up 47.9% YoY, as PAB increased bond portfolio during monetary
Shareholding Structure
loosening. 3) 1Q20 cost-income ratio fell 1.6ppt YoY to 29.0%, indicating
better operating efficiency. 4) Asset quality continued to improve. NPL
ratio was stable at 1.65%, and provision coverage climbed 17.2ppt QoQ to
200.3%. Loss recognition was stricter, as NPLs covered 109.3%/128.7%
(+5.3ppt/6.9ppt) of >60/90day overdue loans. 5) Expanding retail client
Share Performance
base with faster growth in HNW. No. of retail client rose 1.6% QoQ to
98.6mn, and wealth/private banking clients saw faster growth of 5.2%/7.7%
QoQ, suggesting improving service capability and stronger customer
stickiness. 6) Capital position was strengthened. CET1/total CAR edged
Source: Bloomberg
up 9bp/105bp QoQ to 9.20%/14.27%, as the Bank issued RMB30bn
perpetual bond in Feb.
12-mth Price Performance
■ Results negatives: 1) 1Q20 NIM narrowed 2bp QoQ to 2.60%. Asset yield
retreated 3bp QoQ, mainly on lower rates of return from debt investments
and interbank assets. Liability cost slid 1bp QoQ, driven by falling interbank
funding cost, despite higher deposit rates. 2) Net fee income growth
slowed to 1.7% YoY, likely due to weakening bank card and agency service
fees amid the pandemic. 3) Retail NPL ratio surged 33bp QoQ to 1.52%,
with NPL ratio of credit card and auto finance up the most by 66bp and 33bp
QoQ, respectively. That said, corporate NPL ratio fell 48bp QoQ to 1.81%.
Source: Bloomberg
■ Maintain BUY and RMB19.80 TP. We keep our FY20-22E earnings
forecasts and TP unchanged and await further details from PAB's results
Auditor: PwC
briefing at 9:30am on 21 Apr 2020.
Related Reports
Conference call takeaway -
Stable NIM and rising dividend
Long-term prospect stays intact
despite some NIM pressure - 22 Oct
All-round improvement; NIM & NPL
Best proxy to capture the retail
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall
be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report.
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or
views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports
produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor,
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.