Corporate Deep Farming Module Industry, which mainly supplies large offshore customers in the 3rd quarter of 2024.
The Division achieved operating income of $5.13 billion, an increase of 145.82 per cent over the same period; and a pre-debtable announcement to realize net return profits was issued that the total amount of funds planned to be raised from specific targets did not exceed $188,000.00 million, mainly for the construction of high-speed light module projects.
Profitability industry leads: in the first three quarters of 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio was over 40% and profitability far ahead of comparable companies, mainly because of the higher cost share of the company ' s raw materials being self-processed rather than excavated.
The advantage of profit quality is that the company maintains its position in the industry. In addition, the company focuses on the lpo (linear-driven plug-in module), which removes the traditional dsp/cdr chip, and is therefore expected to have a greater advantage at the price and cost end in the future.
The demand for high-speed light modules abroad continues to grow, and the company’s share of overseas light modules continues to rise: the Amazon plans to raise capital spending to $100 billion by 2025, and Microsoft, Google, and Meta indicate that capital spending will continue to grow rapidly in 2025.
In 2025, the demand for 1.6 t light modules could reach 3.5 million to 4 million. In 2024, exports of light modules amounted to $6,233 million, an increase of 58.24 per cent. 2019 - ranked 7th in the global market for light modules. The share of companies is expected to expand in the future.
The release of new light modules, such as lpo, aec, is expected to lead to higher corporate performance and profitability: Lightning projects a small deployment of 200 g per channel for the lpo program in British Weidelberg in 2025. qyresearch projects the global market size of the lpo module in 2029.
680 million dollars. Cloud service providers are actively promoting asic design, aec being the preferred way to connect with the aec, which is expected to boost demand fully. Lighting predicts that the high-speed cable market will reach $2.8 billion in 2028.
The company has made sufficient reserves on the side of the lpo and aec-related products, and is expected to open a second growth curve for the public sector, leading to continued high growth in the company’s future performance.
The risks of physical control by companies of people being subjected to administrative sanctions, of a person not growing as expected, of increased competition in the market, of new technologies not developing as expected, and of stock backlogs.
1. Deep Farming Module Industry, Māori led a significant increase in the performance of the first comparable company since 1,12024
New technology firms are leading light module solutions and service providers. Corporate products can be widely applied to data centres, telecommunications networks (fttx, lite and transmission), security surveillance, and smart power grids, ict. The company owns more than 3,000 products, strictly adheres to international standards such as tuv, ece, ul, fcc, fda, rohs, reach, and emc.
With more than 300 clients from more than 60 countries and regions around the world. In 2016, Shin Shenzhen was successfully listed.
Increased cooperation with mainstream communications equipment manufacturers, distributors, transformation of corporate product upgrades, and becoming a core supplier of optical communication modules, clusters and subsystems. Corporate operating income and net return profits sustained at a higher rate between 2019 and 2022, with operating income rising from $1,165 million
Modular demand has grown rapidly, with companies achieving operating income of $5.13 billion, an increase of 145.82 per cent over the same period; new technologies such as 1.6t, lp0/silicon light are moving forward to achieve a net return profit and the company ' s performance is expected to continue at a high rate; the company ' s main product is divided into point-to-point modules, pon-light modules and components, of which point-to-point modules are the most core business.
In 2023, the point-to-point module collection accounted for 97.84 per cent of the total. In 2019-2023, the company-to-point module rate fluctuated somewhat from the industry cycle. In 2024, h1, it benefited from a high rate of 43.36 per cent.
Between 2019 and 2023, Māori rates and net interest rates were somewhat volatile, with companies having greater cost control and market competitiveness, and Māori rates and net interest rates generally remained relatively high. The high Māori rate of 400g/800g, which benefited from a high Māori rate, generated high demand for module products, increased to 42.34 per cent in the first three quarters of 2024, and increased net interest rates to 42.34 per cent.
32.08%. Companies focus on cost control and efficiency improvements, cost controls, sales rates and management cost rates as a whole. The company’s profitability is ahead of comparable companies in terms of Māori rates.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the output of high-speed light module products increased significantly, the company ' s Māori rate rose significantly, and the net cash flow of company operations continued to be positive and growing year by year, reflecting good business quality.
In 2023, the net cash flow generated by the company’s operations amounted to $1,246 million, exceeding the value of its net profits in 2023. Payments for goods and other items and the payment of taxes and charges increased.
The exchange of corporate bonds announcement states that the total amount of funds to be raised for the issuance of convertable corporate bonds to a specific audience does not exceed $188,000.00.
1.2 Corporate performance and profitability are higher than industry averages. Corporate income and net return profits are higher than industry averages. Companies benefited from overseas light module demand in the first three quarters of 2024. Companies have a higher share of overseas operations, higher profitability and higher profitability than industry averages in the first three quarters of 2024.
The rate of return was 26.23 per cent, significantly higher than the 12.09 per cent in the light module industry as a whole; the net interest rate on the company's total assets was 20.24 per cent, which is apparent in figure 12: the net asset rate of the company was higher than the industry average (in %) Figure 13: the net interest rate on the company's total assets was higher than the industry average (in %)
2.1. The growth of capital spending by cloud producers continues to increase, the growth of the luminous industrial chain is dynamic q1 a year, with 30,000 family CBIs and more than 1,300 man-intellectual infrastructure models worldwide.
Industry development is led by a number of large overseas technology giants, whose investment and development orientations lead to technological trends and developments in the global ai industry. Large offshore factories are increasing the numbers of ai, embracing the commercialization of ai, large-scale model applications and product services in large models, cloud computing, search and advertising, productivity tools, etc.
Capital spending, increased investment in facilities such as servers, network equipment, etc., with associated capital spending continuously up in 2023 and 2024. Microsoft plans to invest some $80 billion in the development of data centres for fiscal year 2025 to train artificial intelligence models, and the Department ' s artificial intelligence and cloud-based applications: Google ' s capital spending plan in 2025 amounts to $75 billion, which is more market-oriented.
It is expected to exceed 32 per cent: the Amazon plans to raise capital spending to $100 billion by 2025, an intensification of the arms race against overseas cloud producers in 2024, a steady increase in investment in servers, network equipment, etc., and a rapid increase in capital spending by csp cloud producers in 2025, with a significant increase in the season of 2024. We expect capital to continue to grow in the future.
The share of money spent on i-hardware purchases is expected to continue to rise, with Oracle, Apple, Tesla joining the big model arms race in 2025, where i-related industrial chains, such as the light module, will continue to develop rapidly, driven by industry development. In the ratio of costs to data centre IT equipment, the light module is generally 5%, and in the construction of overseas i-data centres, by
In light module technology, the demand is much higher than in traditional data centres, so the ratio of light to light is expected to be more than 5%. The capital of large overseas plants supports a steady or rising ratio of expanding and adding light to the market. For the whole light module market, the global market is estimated to be about $10.9 billion in 2023 and is projected to be 2024.
In the case of the ilight module market, the sales of the e-radiator have been forecasted every three months since July 2023, and the industry has become more visible. With the development of the i industry, sovereign funds and non-North American customers have also become the light module.
Significant purchasing power, industry growth, and commercial landing speed. New euphoria has been strongly supported by continued strong growth as a leading company in the light module.
1) Technical barriers: The light module industry has high technical barriers, mainly in the design of photochips, electrochips, wrapping technologies and high-value designs. Enterprises need to have a strong technological R & D capacity and sustained innovation capacity to adapt to the faster technological upgrading of the light communication industry.
2) Client and product certification barriers: Photoelectronic device products need to meet the technical standards common in the industry and must be individually certified by customers in order to obtain market opportunities. In addition, export products need to be certified through specific certifications required in the exporting country ' s market, such as EU cce, cb certification, rohs/weee testing, fda, fcc certification, ul testing and China ' s.
(iii) Financial and scale economy barriers: R & D and production of light modules require higher upfront investments, including the acquisition of advanced production equipment, the construction of production lines, and the development of research and development inputs, which place greater financial pressure on new entrants.
Grown-ups tend to have large production scales, share costs, and achieve economies of scale, and new entrants need to reach a certain size in order to have an opportunity to compete with existing firms.
The traditional telecommunications market, usually a 10-year cycle; in the data centre market, about three years a cycle. According to fibre optics online, in 2012, industry achieved a transfer rate of 40 g (10g*4) based on 10g optic chips: in 2016, 100g (25g*4) products began to enter the market: 400g light modules began to appear in 2021, but did not really occur until 2023
In March 2024, the industry began to highlight 1.6t products at the exhibition, with the expected 1.6t light module coming up to two years. The rapid development of the technology is driving technology innovation and products in the light communication industry at a faster pace.
The development and demand of the ai industry has reinforced barriers in the light module sector. The technological requirements of the ai era for the light module have increased significantly, especially for 800g and higher-speed products, with only a few firms able to deliver. And the product cycle has accelerated, from 3 to 4 years to 2 years or less, requiring firms to have greater R & D capacity and to respond quickly to the market.
Large overseas clients have long and demanding tests, often only taking into account enterprises with extensive experience in past projects, which further complicates industry entry. We therefore expect that industry headlines, larger sizes, stronger R & D capabilities, more customer-based light module manufacturers with faster product rotations, and more customer-based applications.
In 2024, our exports of light modules have remained at a rate of more than 50%. According to the latest data from Wind, our exports of light modules have accumulated over the entire year 2024.
62.33 billion yuan, a significant increase of 58.24 per cent over the same period. Foreign markets have high demand, high technical requirements, low price sensitivity, and the export of products to the sea has ensured sustained growth in corporate performance and increased profitability.Cignal, a market research institute, noted in its latest report that the market size of the high-speed light module is projected to be in 2024.
Over US$ 9 billion. The volume of 400g and 800g light modules has increased nearly fourfold over the past 12 months, and is projected to exceed 20 million in 2024. With 800g growth reaching its peak, cloud service providers are transitioning to a single channel of 200g, 1.6t, and the market size of high-speed luminous modules is expected to expand from about US$ 9 billion in 2024 to 2026.
Nearly $12 billion, or 15.5%, of the cagr. The light module industry has technical, customer and product certification, financial and scale economy barriers that accompany the fast rate of the ai era.
In the first three quarters of 2024, a rapid increase in the demand for luminous modules, benefiting from overseas revenues of $5.13 billion, or 145.82 per cent, was achieved; a net return to mothers of $1.646 billion, or 283.20 per cent, was achieved. We expect companies to be on high barriers and fast-track in the future.
The global share of light-module manufacturers since 2010 has benefited from the depth of the algebraic market. By 2018, according to lightcounting data, most Japanese and American manufacturers had withdrawn from the market. In recent years, our light-module manufacturers have been in technology, cost, market, and operation.
By 2015, the world’s top ten light-model manufacturers were just one Chinese company. In 2021-2022, IMW was ranked first with coherent (finisar). In 2023, IMZ was first out of the list with other manufacturers.
Seven Chinese manufacturers came into the fold, rankings 1st, 3rd, 5th, Haesin Broadband, 6th, Shin Yi Seung, 7th, Heng Hua, 8th, and Solsi Light Power, 9th. National producers of light modules benefited from the depth of the current wave and are expected to continue to lead the industry in the future.
2.3 The silicon light, cpo, and lpo became the main development path for the next generation of light modules, with companies having major layouts, while new technologies and programmes in the light industry are emerging and are beginning to occupy a certain market share. Major new technologies include silicon light, cpo, lpo, etc.
The silicon light module, a light module generated by silicon photon technology, has a higher performance than the normal light module, and has the advantages of low power consumption, advancedness, high speed, low cost, miniaturization, etc.: 1) low power consumption: the silicon light module can effectively reduce power consumption due to its high degree of integration.
In the scenario of the module, low-power features can significantly reduce operating costs. (2) High-intensity integration: Silicon light modules use silicon photon technology to achieve a high-level integration of modems and unsourced light on the chip, which significantly reduces the cost of the chip in the light module.
3) High-speed rate: Silicon light modules can break through the transmission bottlenecks of traditional single-channel microchips, support higher rates of data transfer, and have greater advantages in the future high-speed transmission age. 4) Low-cost: Silicon light modules in a high-speed scenario of 400 g and above, compared to the traditional dml and eml light modules.
A more significant cost advantage is shown. The high integration of the silicon light module has resulted in a relative reduction in the cost of components and labour, which has enabled the overall cost to be effectively controlled. (5) Minimization: industry demand for light modules has gradually tended to be minimified and highly performing as the Internet industry develops.
The silicon light module, in the context of miniaturization, can effectively increase transmission rates while reducing performance losses.
The share of lithium (tfln)pic will increase. The light communication industry is already at a turning point in the application of silicon light technology on a scale, with sales of silicon photochips increasing from $800 million in 2023 to 48% in the year, and the market space for silicon light modules is expected to reach $8 billion.
China’s producers currently have a low share in the market for silicon light modules, but they have joined in the silicon light field, with China’s technology and technology, and are expected to expand further in the future. The combustible (cpo) refers to the exchange of asic chips and silicon light engines on the same high-speed board.
Technology can reduce the distance between the switch chip and the light engine, and help telecommunications move faster between the chip and the engine; it can reduce not only size, efficiency, but also power consumption.
Co, ibm, Intel, Invelda, amd, etc., and chip taps are all available in the cpo technology research and development domain. In China, companies such as China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, are also host countries.
The port has begun to grow gradually, starting with commercial operations from 2024 to 2025, and is expected to grow in size by 2026 to 2027, with market shares remaining high. Cir projects that by 2027, cpo will have market size of $5.4 billion.
Linear drive plug-in (lpo) refers to the use of linear direct-drive technology to remove the traditional dsp/cdr chip, leaving only the technical form of high-linear triver and tia. According to macom, more than 800g of dsp-enabled light modules can be used more than 13w, while more than 800g of macompuredrive technology is used.
The light module is less than 4w. The lpo can be applied to specific short-range applications. For example, the connection of the data centre cabinets to the switchboard, and the connection between the data centre cabinets.
Following the launch of a new product, Ipo. Twelve industry leading light module manufacturers, network equipment and chip manufacturers, including New Leap, have joined forces to create the lpo Multisource Agreement (msa), which will help to improve and standardize the lpo technical specifications and hopefully accelerate the Ipo ' s bulk commerce.
Light counting expects that Weidelda will have a small deployment of 200 g of lro and lpo in 2025. Meta believes that lpo and cpo are the right direction for industry to explore, not only to reduce power consumption, but also to improve reliability. According to the annual global market for lpo light modules, it will reach $680 million.
The technology reserve, which is currently actively moving forward on related projects, is expected to gain a higher share in the Ipo area. Figure 23: Ipo light module to remove dsp chips will have cost advantages. Emerging technology programmes such as silicon light, cpo, lpo, etc. are jointly promoting the development of the light module industry through technological innovation and integration
The benefits of reduced power consumption, cost savings, performance enhancement and wider application prospects for the light module industry meet the higher demand for light module performance from applications such as data centres and high performance computing. The 2025 light module industry is expected to meet the development of new technologies, and silicon light, cpo, and lpo are expected to be tested on a scale.
New opportunities for development will emerge from technology deployments. New technological innovations will follow the industry’s cutting edge, with a stock of new technologies for new products such as silicon light modules, associated light modules, 800 glpo modules, cpo technologies, etc., which will continue to grow for follow-up performance, benefiting from the continued expansion of overseas shares, good cost-control capabilities, lpo/aec, etc.
3.1. Products cover a full series of 25g-1.6t, accelerating the expansion of overseas markets in the digital light module market, where company products cover 100g, 200g, 400g, 800g high-speed modules and control high-speed rates.
The photochip and lightware encapsulation technology has now successfully introduced a series of 400g, 800g, 1.6t high-speed light module products based on the vcsel/eml, silicon light and membrane lithium programmes; 800g of these products have been delivered in bulk in 2024, and the demand for the 800g, 1.6t high-speed light module is expected to increase continuously in the future.
The Division has successfully developed and delivered bulk quantities of 25g, 50g, 100g, 200g series of light module products covering 5g forward, middle and back.Cignal, a market research institute, noted in its latest report that cloud service providers are on the move as 800g growth peaks.
One-channel 200g transition from the 1.6t programme: Angveda is expected to release the gb300ai server in the second quarter of 2025, with further product performance, with a 1.6 tbps light module; Jang Jie, founder of Halo Age (Six-Free) Semiconductor Limited, stated in an IFA interview that the 1.6t light module requirement in Angveda in 2025 could reach 3.5 to 4 million.
We believe that the process of industrialization of the 1.6t light module will accelerate, and that the commercial year 2025 will mark a faster rate of 1.6t light module, and that the demand for the 1.6t light module products of overseas cloud producers and British Weddal is expected to grow rapidly. Overseas markets are expanding fast.
By 2025, we expect the company’s share of overseas large households to remain upscale, and high-tech barriers are expected to deliver bulk to large overseas clients, with a potential to make a profit.
Figure 25: Income from overseas operations as a percentage of annual growth Figure 26: The Māori ratio of overseas operations is higher than in the country
By 2024, h1, the annual capacity of the company’s light module had been expanded to 9.12 million. The company’s plant in Thailand has been operating for more than a year, its capacity has continued to expand, and it now has good production and delivery capacity; Thailand’s plant in Thailand II was built and launched in 2024 q4.
The demand for company products continues to be strong, with 3.27 million light modules sold in the first half of 2024. The production rate has remained around 100% in recent years.
The high-speed light module has led not only to an increase in product sales, but also to an increase in corporate profitability. It is expected that, in the future, as the Department expands more customers, further upgrades its light module products, completes the second phase of Thai factories, produces and sells the company's products.
The ratio rises from year to year: accelerated expansion of production capacity. Thailand’s second plant was built and put into production in 2024 q4: production and sales rates remained high. In 2021-2023, companies ranked seventh in the global market for light modules. We believe that the company’s share is expected to expand in the future, depending on its superior technological strength and sufficient productive reserves.
Emphasis on research and development of new technologies and new products, leading in the lpo field Companies have given high priority to research and development of new technologies and new products. As of 2024h1, new technology research and development projects for related new products, such as the company high-speed light module, silicon light module, dry light module, 800 glpo light module, have made many breakthroughs and progress at a high rate.
The sales of light module products have continued to rise. The company has successfully launched a single wave of 800g light module product with a single wave of 200g, while 800g and 400g light module product combinations have covered 800g, 400g light module products and 400g annual h1 R & D investment in stem silicone solutions, amounting to $134 million, or 4.32%; the number of R & D personnel is 365, or 18.88%.
Figure 29: Companies maintain higher R & D inputs. In March 2024, at the 0fc2024 Fair in the United States, companies displayed industry first line based on single-way 200g rates of work.
In addition, the company has introduced a second generation of 800 g and 400 glpo products based on 100 g/lane technology for single-mode applications. The first and second generation of the company ' s 8x100 glpo light modules are now in a mass production phase. The company is lpomsa (multi-source).
One of the founding members of the lpo technology development and standard-setting has further consolidated corporate leadership in the lpo area.
Ipo and cpo are the right direction to explore. According to qyresearch, the global market model of the lpo module is expected to reach $680 million in 2029. The company has made sufficient reserves on the side of the Ipo-related product and is expected to continue to supply large offshore customers in the future, providing security for sustained performance as the Ipo supply pattern opens.
The dsp/cdr chip, leaving only high linear forms of triver and tia technology, is therefore less costly, and the lpo release is expected to lead to a sustained increase in the company ' s net Māori rate interest rate. 3.3 light engines, cpo, aec layouts open the company ' s second growth curve
The light engine is the core component of the light signal conversion in the light communication system. The light engine is usually made up of a laser diode and a modem in which the laser diode is responsible for producing the laser, while the modem converts the telecom into a light signal. In the light communication system, the performance of the light engine has a direct impact on the quality and speed of the transmission of the entire system.
Telecom is a leading supplier of high-speed optical devices in the country, and is significantly more profitable than a supplier of light modules, represented by new euphemisms and intermediary. New euphoria occurred in 2017.
Investing in alpine, alpine has the power to make light engines, and released the 400gpam4ncp4TM light engine by the end of 2020, which can be used by light module manufacturers to produce 400gbpsdr4 products to support high-speed connectivity in data center applications. So its profitability is expected to increase further in the future if companies actively expand their high-speed light engine operations.
The cpo effectively reduces the loss of data transmission between the optical appliances and the chip by encapsulating the light engine and the exchange chip, and significantly increases the speed of transmission. As the load of the work of the ai continues to grow, it imposes higher demands on the speed and efficiency of data transmission between gpu and other processing units, and silicon light technology is more interconnected than traditional electronics.
High-speed, lower-delayed interconnectivity, which increases overall efficiency and data transfer rates. Light counting predicts that cpo will start commercial from 2024 to 2025, that it is expected to achieve mass-scale production from 2026 to 2027, and that the market share will remain high at 30%.
Cloud service providers are actively promoting asic design, and aec is expected to fully boost aec demand growth, given the cost and ease of network architecture considerations.
The size of the high-speed cable market will more than double in the year, reaching $2.8 billion in 2028. A live cable (aec) will gradually capture the market share of the source cable (aoc) and the unsourced direct copper cable (dac). The new ebb is actively setting up aec-related products. The technology reserves of the light engine, cpo, and aec are expected to open up a second growth curve for the company and lead the company’s future business.
The current rapid growth in the light module industry has reached 11% of the global light module market in 2023-2029: one is ranked seventh in the number-to-light module market. We believe that companies are expected to further upgrade their industry in the 1.6t era with excellent technological strength and sufficient production and capacity reserves, and that their share will continue to expand in the future.
The lpo programme provides room for corporate profitability: new business layouts such as light engines, cpo, aec, etc. are expected to bring a second growth curve to the company, so we look forward to the company’s long-term development. Point-to-point module: point-to-point module is company-owned, product categories cover 100g for the data centre market,
200g, 400g, 800g high-speed light module, and 25g, 50g, 100g, and 200g series of light module products for 5g forward, middle, and return. Currently, the industry benefits from the development of the ai industry, with demand for the light module market, especially from large overseas customers.
With emphasis on new industry technologies, research on new products, a series of 400g, 800g, 1.6t high-speed light module products based on the vcsel/eml, silicon and membrane lithium formula, and 400g and 800gzr/zr+ dry light module products and 400g/800glpo module products have been successfully launched.
Maintain market position and share over time and keep performance growing rapidly. Pon light module: the pon light module is used mainly for the pon network, such as fibre optics to households, business networks, industry, etc., and its demand is driven by the network of operators, industry Internet, etc., and is not built by the network of data centres brought about by the development of the ai industry.
We expect this trend to continue because of the relatively low profitability of the product, which is not a focus for the future of the company, and the declining income levels of the past few years. We expect the public component: the product of the company is mainly a two-way light component, a light-launch component, a light-receiving component, etc.
We expect the business to grow steadily in the future. We expect the company to do so, and we'll choose middle-class inventions, rapid technology, technology, technology, technology, technology, technology, telecommunications, tekli, the sun.
A comparable company. A comparable average of 37.96 times that of a company in 2025. A combined consideration of the risk of comparable company valuations and of administrative sanctions against the company’s actual controllers: company shareholders, actual controllers, and chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Gao Quantue received a filing notice from the China Securities Supervisory Board on 20 December 2024, which Mr. Gao Qing Quantified
On January 22, 2025, Mr. Glory received a notice of administrative penalties from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board. This matter is not related to the company’s operations, it does not affect the company, and the company’s production business is normal.
The risk of a failure to develop is that our projections of performance with the company are based on the assumption that a slow and less commercialization of the industry in the future may lead to lower capital spending by cloud producers and a reduced demand for light modules, which may have a greater negative impact on the company ' s performance.
The risk of increased competition in the market: the current demand for light modules, especially for overseas customers, is strong, and there is an increasing number of home-grown light modules where manufacturers plan to move abroad, which may lead to increased competition in the industry, thus affecting the company’s performance and profitability.
Associated, lpo and other programmes have layouts that may affect the risk of a company ' s stock backlog if new new technology products are not progressing as well as expected: for communications equipment manufacturers and Internet manufacturers, companies ensure the speed of supply by pre-positioning some of the raw materials for which the purchase cycle is long and the market is tight, while the unit price of such raw materials is usually higher and the purchase expenditure is higher.
In the event of future failures in the winning share of the bid or high client forecast orders, there will be a risk of a backlog of raw materials affecting the liquidity of the assets of the Division and the cash flow of its operations, as well as the possibility of falling prices.