In the aftermath of the epidemic, on the 13th of April 2022, the tax-free lord of the Great Wall,
▪ China’s retail tourism sector is in line with the trend towards a return in consumption of hundreds of billions of degrees, and China’s leader has not changed: as a leader in retail tourism, China’s main destinations are China’s outbound groups and Hainan tourists. Before the outbreak, the number of annual passenger groups was 160 million and 160 million, respectively.
After two years of the epidemic, the island rose duty-free, with the result that it became the world’s largest tourist retailer. The supply chain continued to overlap, and its capacity to operate was optimized.
The tax-free share of the island is expected to continue to rise: in 2020, the tax-free license plate for the newly released island was opened and the duty-free share of the island was released in mid-2021.
Seagate Bay gathers high-end tourist resorts, and Seagate International Free City intercepts passengers on the island. After the landing of the two poles, China has been exempted from operating the gate area from the island's 53.1% tax-free business, back to 80.1%.
▪ Recovering from the epidemic, visiting the island in the medium to long term, and returning to international tourism in the medium to long term
We believe that recovery from the epidemic is an opportunity to save the next three years from capital investment. The core competitiveness analysis framework for tourism retail enterprises: core operating parameters for tourism retail enterprises.
Flows x store rate x conversion rate x repurchase rate x unit average rate x unbundling flow, volume, and operating three hard powers.
China Central Free (601888): 2021 Quarterly Review: Rent Reductions at Capital Airport  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Given the room for tax exemption policy, deregulation of the epidemic, international flights
The re-establishment of the line will allow the expansion of the size of the duty-free sector to accelerate again; the market is strong and the promotion of the repression of Maori performance is strong; and the new off-island tax-free pole shop will be brought into operation in 2022/2023 and re-entering the market.
China Free China (601888), 2021/2 billion yuan, corresponding to 28/20/19 times, was reasonably low in valuation as the world's leading retail tourism leader, moving up to the “buy-in” rating.
Repression of Māori performance, performance in line with pre-emerged policy risks affecting international relations; risk of tax-exempt policies falling short of expectations;
1.1. The course of development: deep roots and benefits from the development of the tax-free sector The tax-free policy is a tax-concession policy pursued by a country in order to meet specific political and economic policy objectives. Tax-free enterprises in China are rooted in the policy of the Chinese Government to exempt designated goods from customs duties, import chain taxes or tax refunds.
As China’s largest tourism industry, the China Tourism Group, operates a tax-free business, China has a tax-free consolidated license plate, and has opened more than 200 tax-free shops in the interior, Hong Kong, and overseas, leading to the prosperity of China’s tax-free industry.
To some extent, China’s tax-exempt industries and policies have changed in the course of their development. In the above figure, China’s top is the most important one, and China’s bottom is the central one issuing all the decisions related to the tax-exempt sector. We are trying to restore China by reinstating China’s tax-exempt development.
1.1.1. Phase I: From 1979 to 2009, China launched a 22-year tax exemption, and in 2009 it was listed as a whole. In 1979, the State Council approved and authorized the China Tourism Service to establish a tax exemption service throughout the country.
After the Party’s 11th plenary session of the 3rd plenary session in 1978, the country’s foreign open-door policy continued to deepen, and the exchange of people and goods at home and abroad intensified, setting the backdrop for the emergence of our tax-exempt industry. In 1979, with the approval of the State Council, our first port-free shops were established and managed by the tax-exempt division of China’s tourism services.
After several years of efforts, China’s tax-exempt business grew from more than 30 shops to the formal establishment of the China Tax-Free General Company in 1984. In 1986, the China Tax-Exempt General Company, in conjunction with China’s tax-exempt General Corporation, established a “four-size-fits-all” policy for national tax-exempt operations, which laid the foundation for the dynamic growth of the tax-exempt industry, namely, unified management, harmonization of prices, harmonization of orders, and harmonization of custom management.
In 1989-1992, the State Council extended tax exemptions and exemptions to the Qingqing District, emphasizing the centralization of tax-exempt operations, and took one step to establish the status of the China General Tax-exempt Corporation. In 1987, the State Council issued the " Serious Tax Code " , an important tool for strengthening the personal distribution of tax revenues. In this vein, in 1992 the State Council ' s Office proposed " Customs " to the National Tourism Administration.
In response to the request for further clarification of the centralized management of tax-exempt operations, it was agreed that the Chinese tax-exempt company would continue to operate a wide range of duty-free supply operations, such as duty-free shops at border crossings, under the “Université” policy, and stressed that in future all sectors should apply to the Chinese tax-exempt company for the opening of duty-free stores within the city and report to the State.
In 2009, the successful listing of China’s tax-exempt industry by the Sino-Chinese group on the roll-out sign-off meant that China’s tax-exempt industry was entering a new phase of development. In 1999, the Sino-Chinese-exempt group was delinked from the former competent ministry’s National Tourist Board and placed under direct central control.