"Researchchand developmentcenter."
- China's China-China-China-China-China-North China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-South China-- - China-South China-- - China-- - China-South China-- - China--- - China-South China--- - China-- - China-- China-- China-- China-- China--- China--- China--- China--- China--- China--- China--- China---- China---- China----- China-------- China----- China-------- China------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The company is the only tax-free operator with full licence plates in the country, with airport tax-exempt, intra-city tax-exempt and off-island tax-exempt licence plates, and with tax-free primary operations, including such duty-free goods as tobacco and alcohol, perfume and fine products, China is exempt (601888).
By the end of May 21, the company operated 195 shops covering 188 shops in 29 provinces of the country (over 90 cities), as well as six offshore duty-free shops in Hong Kong, Macao and Cambodia.
The tax-exempt industry: the long slopes of snow, the fuel for consumption and the return of consumption. The tax-exempt industry started in 1979 and started with reforms and opening up. The tax-free market is growing fast.
Billion dollars, 28.8% in 16-19, up much faster than the global and Asia-Pacific tax-free market. Effective control of the epidemic, combined policy support, and our tax-free market have shown resilience. For 20 years, our tax-free sales have reached 32.9 billion yuan, a 34.2% decrease in the same amount.
In the post-epidemiological era, our share in the global retail tourism market has increased further, and companies have fully benefited as champions, becoming the world’s largest retail tourism operator.
As a free trade port, Hainan has developed a duty-free business that takes over overseas consumption, and in recent years has eased off-island tax-exempt policies, and has released license plates, and many operators have entered the joint bakery. There are 10 duty-free shops operating in Hainan.
Six of them, in terms of the number and size of their doors, are infested by the company’s leading position, and will be exempt from duty in the future with Seagate International and Sanya International Free City, phase II, at airports: internal and external growth, and the key airports.
For duty-free exits, there are several major exit duty-free shops, such as Guangzhou Airport and Hangzhou Airport.
In 19 years, companies began to provide duty-free services in the city.
Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Beijing, Shanghai, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Taxes: The epidemic has prompted members to buy, and the space is huge. In 20 years of a new crown epidemic, the ports are largely closed, tax-free operations are blocked, companies are rolling over the line in the form of cdf members.
The company has more than 20 million members and has a huge tax business space based on a strong membership system.
Investment proposal: The company is the absolute leader of our tax-exempt industry, with a full license plate, an insider and an outreach partner, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., and with the opportunity of the new crown epidemic, has taken over the world’s largest retailer.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, as the new stores become operational, as the global epidemic revives entry and exit, and as the city goes free, elaborates on the policy context, trends and recent catalysts of the company's business plates, including duty-free off-islands, airport duty-frees, airport duty-frees.
Detailed reading of the development logic of the global tax-exempt industry and our tax-exempt industry. At the level of profit projections, detailed breakdown projections are made for companies’ important subsidiaries.
The company is the only retail operator in the country that covers all duty-free distribution channels, including port shops, off-island stores, inner-city stores, cruises, airport stores, airport stores, and foreign wheel shops. As of 31 May 21
On that day, the company runs 195 shops, covering 188 shops in 29 provinces of the country (over 90 cities), as well as six offshore duty-free shops in Hong Kong, Macao and Cambodia.
The global duty-free market grew steadily. The global duty-free market grew from $23.9 billion in 16 years to $35.7 billion in 1919, or 14.4 per cent for cagr; the national duty-free market grew from $23.4 billion to $50.1 billion during the same period, or 28.8 per cent for cagr.
The control of the epidemic is effective, and the policy is supportive of the recovery of consumption. Effective control of the epidemic, combined policy support, and our tax-free market have shown resilience. For 20 years, our tax-free sales have reached 32.9 billion yuan, a 34.2 per cent reduction compared to the same figure.
In the post-epidemiological era, our share of the global retail tourism market rose further, with companies benefiting fully from its role as the world’s leading tourist retailer. Tax exemption for off-islands: policy easing continues, free of charge. Henan, as a free trade port, developed a duty-free business to take over overseas.
Consumption returns, tax exemptions from the island have been relaxed in recent years, licence plates have been liberalized, and a number of operators have entered together to make big cakes, helping to achieve the 30 billion consumption return target during the 1455 season. Of the 10 duty-free shops currently operating in Hainan, six are exempt from the flag, and the company’s leading position is difficult to shake, both in terms of number and size, in the future with the sea mouth.
For 16 years, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the Customs Department, the National Tax Administration and the National Tourism Administration have jointly agreed to establish 13 new airport entry duty stations.
In the case of exit tax exemptions, the company will be able to establish a monopoly on the future of the industry by acquiring China and Shanghai.
The forward-looking layout takes over the airport core tax-exempt resources not only to enhance company performance, but also, at a deeper level, to complete the airport's position, thus exempting it from a greater bargaining power and industry status, both upstream and downstream of the airport's tax-exempt operations, and eventually creating intra-municipal tax-exempts: everything is in order, waiting for the east wind.
In Beijing, Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
In the context of the new crown epidemic, ports have been largely closed, tax-free operations have been blocked, companies have introduced online back-to-back electric power platforms in the form of cdf members’ purchases. Companies have more than 20 million members, and there is huge space for tax operations based on a strong membership system.
In 20 years, tax businesses received $19,708 million, an increase of 161.5 per cent, or 37.8 per cent of the company's total revenues.
The company continues to have greater space and potential for growth, as a result of the return to and exit from the country and the liberalization of tax-exempt policies within the city.
In March 08, the company was created by the China National Travel Group (CITT) as an integral reorganization of the travel agency and tax-exempt related assets, in association with the Chinese Expatriate City Group. In October 09, the company placed on the market its nameplate for tax-free operations, including the distribution, retailing and distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco and alcohol, perfume, and fine products.
In July 16, with the approval of the National Finance Committee, the Group and the Hong Kong China Travel Group were restructured, and the Group was integrated into the Hong Kong China Tourism Group (the Hong Kong China Tourism Group) as a fully-owned subsidiary. The Group will then hold China.
To date, China Tourist Group has 53.5 per cent of the shares held by listed companies and the State Treasury Board is the actual controller.
In February 19 the company transferred 100% of the shares of the company to the China Travel Group, the controlling shareholder, at a price of $1.831 billion. In October 18, the State Treasury transferred 51% of the shares of the Hainan Province tax-exempt company to the China Tourism Group; and in 20 years China Tourism Group transferred the shares to the China Tourism Group to resolve competition issues in the industry.
Fifty-one per cent of China's equity is injected into the company; in June 20, the company changed its name to “China Tourism Group Free Company” and focused its strategic orientation on tax-exempt operations. In December 21, the company acquired 100 per cent of the Hong Kong China Travel Assets Company (which owns the skills of a back-to-back off-the-shelf in-town tax-free shop) in cash from a fully-owned subsidiary of the China Tourism Group.
To date, the company is the only listed company with a major tax-free business.For years, the management team has developed a career in the retail tourism industry, with excellent strategic vision and extensive management experience.
On average, the team has 20 years of experience in the retail tourism industry. The chairman of the board, Mr. Peng Hui, has nearly 30 years of experience in retail tourism.
The company is the only retail operator in the country that covers all duty-free distribution channels, including port shops, off-island stores, inner-city stores, cruises, airport stores, airport stores, and foreign wheel shops. As of 31 May 21
On that day, the company runs 195 shops, covering 188 shops in 29 provinces of the country (over 90 cities), as well as six offshore duty-free shops in Hong Kong, Macao and Cambodia.
Figure 2 Trends in corporate stock prices, 2009-2018 II. Tax-exempt industries: long slopes of snow, boosted consumption returns 2.1 Global duty-free markets: stable growth, with Asia and the Pacific as the core driving force
The duty-free industry is essentially licensed as a monopoly retail, meaning that a government may authorize companies to set up duty-free shops at surface, air and sea ports, means of transport or within the city for the sale of luxury goods such as perfume, alcohol and tobacco, and refined goods to incoming and outgoing passengers. Tax-free enterprises may benefit from preferential treatment granted by the government in respect of import duties, consumer duties and value-added taxes, thereby generating a “tax differential dividend” that is excessive.
The global tax-free industry, which began in Europe in 1947, has grown as international tourism has developed, in essence as international tourism consumption has spread, providing tourists with duty-free goods of good quality and favourable prices, mainly perfume, cosmetics, tobacco, alcohol, etc.
So far, duty-free shops have spread across major airports, ports, border crossings and urban areas in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, and Africa. Global duty-free markets have grown steadily. The global retail tourism market was 59,91 billion yuan in 19 years, compared to 11 per cent in 16-19.
The size of the global retail tourism market is expected to reach $8,89.1 billion in 25 years, based on Frost Sullivan, with a tax-free ratio of 63.7 per cent and a global duty-free market sales value of figure 4 (in billions)
Global tax-free market sales  Global tax-free market sales - global tax-free market sales yoy - global tax market sales yoy
The perfume class is dominated by duty-free consumption. Global duty-free consumption is dominated by the timely assembly of perfume cosmetics. According to the data of the General Research, the share of perfumed products in 20 years of global duty-free consumption is 43%, while tobacco, electronics, and food products account for about 25%.
The main distribution channels for duty-free sales include airports, other (in-city duty-free shops, border crossings, etc.), on-board and ferry. Airfield duty-free shops are the largest distribution channels, accounting for more than 50% of the total; and within-city tax-free.
The Asia-Pacific region has great potential for growth. The size of the retail tourism market in Asia in 19 was $30.51 billion, compared with 18.1 per cent in 16-19, with tax exemptions of 63.7 per cent and 194.3 billion, compared with 26.6 per cent in 16-19.
The Asia-Pacific region’s share of duty-free sales continues to rise, from 40% in 16 years to 54% in 19 years. According to Frost Sullivan, Asia’s retail tourism market is expected to reach $6,548.8 billion in 25 years, with tax-free sales reaching $4,488.8 billion.
Market concentration has continued to rise, with the exception of the tax-free sector, which is leading the way. Through endogenous growth and rapid expansion, the world’s tax-exempt operators have been growing backwards in the context of the global epidemic, rising from 12 in 16 to the top of 20 in 20 years. In terms of global competition, the cr5 is 69.3% in 20 years, and market concentration continues to rise, with leading companies benefiting fully from global exemption.
Global duty-free market cr5 sales in 2020 (in billions of yuan) Figure 92020 Global duty-free market share by retail sales = duty-free retail sales in 2020
Wapa 2.2 Our tax-exempt market: licence plates are scarce, free of charge, and our tax-exempt industry began in 1979 and started with reforms and opening up. In 84 years, China’s tax-exempt companies marked the beginning of their operations.
After the implementation of the Hainan Island policy, duty-free returns to the island flourished and contributed to the rapid growth of our tax-free sector. For 17 years, the Department of Central and Central Administrations successfully bid for Hong Kong airport markers, marking the internationalization of our tax-exempt industry.
The relevant government departments include the Ministry of Finance, the General Customs Administration, the General National Tax Administration, the National Tourism Administration, and four other ministries, among which the General Customs Administration is primarily responsible for tax-free business units and tax-free traders.
The country’s tax-free market grew rapidly in 19 years. The size of the tourism retail market was 91 billion yuan, 25.1% in 16-19, 55.1% in 16-19, 50.1 billion in tax-free, 28.8% in 16-19, and much faster than the global and Asia-Pacific duty-free market. In terms of share, our tax-free sales increased steadily, from 50.3% in 16 years.
In 19 years, 55.1% were measured by Frost Sullivan, the size of our retail tourism market is expected to reach $27.7 billion in 25 years, of which $181.7 billion is tax-free.
In 20 years, our tax-free sales reached 32.9 billion yuan, a 34.2 per cent decrease in the same year, while the same period was 60.9 per cent and 40.2 per cent less globally and Asia, respectively. In the post-epidemiological era, our share in the global retail tourism market has increased, and companies have fully benefited as champions, becoming the world’s largest retailer of tourism.
By the end of 21 years, only 10 companies with tax-exempt licence plates in the country had an overall monopoly of more than 90% of them with full license plates for ports, islands, cities, etc., 51% of the country’s second largest tax-free operator’s day in 17, 18 years and 20 years of acquisition of the second-largest off-island tax-exempt operator.
In December 21, 51% of the stockholdings became more secure, with the acquisition of Chinese residents who operated duty-free shops in the city where returnees were repurchased. In December 2020, China’s share in the tax-free market was 2.3%, leading to a return of consumption and driving tax-free development.
Our consumers dominate the global consumption of luxury goods, and there is much room for the return of consumption abroad. According to the report on luxury goods in China in 2019, the global market for luxury goods in 19 was $38.17 billion, while China ' s global consumption of luxury goods was $15.27 billion, or 40% of the global market for luxury goods, 69% of which took place out of the country, and this was a significant loss.
▪ Share of foreign consumption of luxury goods in the world relative to the consumption of luxury goods in the territory of the country of origin as compared to the consumption of luxury goods outside the country of origin
The 13th Five-Year Plan explicitly emphasizes “the promotion of exit tax refunds, the study of additional duty-free shops at ports of entry, and the guidance of consumption returns.” In 16 years, 19 new entry-level duty-free shops were approved. In addition, the regulation of individual purchases abroad provides greater scope for tax-free development.
The Law of the People's Republic of China on Electronic Commerce entered into force on 1 January 19 and sub-purchases are subject to domestic registration and taxation as “e-commerce operators.” The domestic luxury market continues to grow at a high rate, and consumption returns are beginning to bear fruit.
The Insight Report on the Digitalized Trends of China ' s Luxury Markets, 2021, projected to grow by 23-25 per cent in 21 years and by more than 20 per cent in 22 years, is expected to reach 52 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 100 billion yuan over the previous year, of which 28 per cent are positive, 38 per cent are active consumption returns and 34 per cent are passive returns to the epidemic.
III. Exemption from duty on the off-islands: the policy continues to be relaxed, with the exception of the exclusive strategic position of Hainan, which is the strategic location of the Hainan International Centre for Tourism Consumption, which is exempt from taxes to cover the return of overseas consumption. In April 2018, Chairman Xi was established in Hainan.
At its 30th anniversary general meeting, the provincial economic district announced its support for the construction of a free trade pilot zone in Hainan Island and its steady progress towards the construction of a China-specific free trade port; the Central Government issued guidance on supporting the comprehensive deepening of the reform and opening of China's trade port, which designated the Hainan strategy as an international tourism consumption centre. In November 21, the Hainan Province's 14th Five-Year Plan for the construction of an international tourism consumption centre proposed the adoption of the following:
The Hainan provincial government has given the island a far-reaching objective of tax exemption. The Governor of Hainan province, Feng Fei, said that “to achieve a 60 billion yuan tax-free sales mark in 2021, the 21-year target has been reached, amounting to 60,173 million yuan, of which 50,490 million yuan is tax-free.
In an interview with Yang Xiaoming, Secretary Shen Xiaoming expressed the hope that the duty-free share of Hainan Island in 2022 would be tax-free for Chinese. In January of January, six people's high-level meetings in Hainan Province re-emphasized that “In 2022, Hainan will focus on improving the competitiveness of China's duty-free shopping countries and achieving 100 billion yuan in duty-free sales off the island”.
With the support of national policies for Hainan Province and the improvement of its tourist facilities, the South has become a popular resort, with the number of stayover visitors in Hainan Province reaching 11.1 per cent in 16 to 20 years.
With the impact of the epidemic, the number of tourists has declined, and as the epidemic improves, the number of tourists is expected to recover gradually, with the number of overnight stays returning to 85 per cent in the same period in 19 years in 21 years.
3.2 The exemption from duty on the island continues to be relaxed. The exemption from duty on the island, in terms of goods and channels, has been gradually relaxed. 11 years since the issuance of the Department of Finance ' s bulletin on the introduction of a pilot policy on duty-free passenger purchases on the island. The exemption from duty on the island is officially implemented at $5,000, with items such as jewellery, perfume,
18 cosmetics, etc. The exemption policy for 11-20 years has been adjusted from $5,000 to $100,000, and the category has been increased from 18 to 45 items, such as electronic consumer products, cosmetics, mobile phones and alcohol.
The increase in tax-free sales from the island is impressive. The policy is relaxed and the major new tax-exempt subjects are working to increase tax-exemption from the island.
3.3 The exemption from duty on the island is based on an extremely strong pattern, and the exemption from duty on the island has been liberalized. At present, Hainan has five tax-free offshore shops run by tax-exempt operators operating in three cities: Hainan, Sanya, Sanya.
Free from duty on the island and from monopoly on the sea. In order to promote the return of overseas consumption, the size of the South China Free Market, which has been liberalized for 20 years, six of them have been exempted from duty-free shops, and the company’s leading position, both in number and size, is difficult to shake.
Figure 26 Distribution of tax-free businesses in the Seagate, Figure 25 Distribution of tax-free shops in the Third Asia Region, Table 8 Description of tax-exempt operators and tax-free shops in the Islands
3.4 Tria International tax-exempt City: The Free-As-Is-Is-Is-On-Is-Is-On-The-Is-One: Expanding Luxuries. The first was opened on 1 September 14 with a total area of approximately 120,000 m2 and a commercial area of 72,000 m2 and is the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world.
The island project was also officially opened in January 20, with a construction area of approximately 65,000 square metres and a commercial area of 32,000 square metres, including the first basement and two floors of the ground, mainly for the sale of taxed goods and catering, and direct connection to the first phase of the walk-landing bridge, which is integrated and complementary in nature. The Sanya International Free City Phase 2 project is currently under development, with a planned investment of 36.9.
Millions of yuan, with a total construction area of approximately 17.25 million square metres, are expected to be operational by the end of 22, mainly in the high-luxury category.
The rate of change in the unit price + policy + has increased. Tax free international city receives tourists and shoppers up every year, and incomes are rising from year to year. Revenue from tax free international city increased from $4.2 billion in 15 years to $21.3 billion in 20 years, and the number of cagr to 4.88 million in 19 years, and the number of cagr to 10.6 per cent.
Figure 30 III Changes in the unit price of the International Free City (in yuan) 3.5 buys sea free, deepens the position of the sea mouth by 92.3% and strengthens the position of the leader.
The market opened in January 1919, driving a fast-growing income-free sea, reaching $3.299 billion in 19/20. On 2 December of that year, it opened with an area of 0.9 million square metres. Income rose from $1,239 million in 15 years to 20 years.
The number of purchases increased from 640,000 in 15 years to 1.27 million in 19 years, compared with 2,422,000 in 19 years, compared with 10.6 per cent in 19 years, and 20 years of exposure to the epidemic, with a drop of between 32 per cent and 16,49 million.
Figure 34 Revenue from the operation of a duty-free shop at the airport (in billions of dollars)
The contract for the lease of its premises with the maritime base expired in October 2021, and the parties are now in the 3.6 Seagate International Free City: Seaport Free New Landmark, which is scheduled to open this year, adjacent to the port. It is planned to open in September 22, with a free shopping and vacationer.
The project invested $12.86 billion, or about 675 acres, in a total planned area of approximately 926,000 square metres, with a total of six plots, five of which will become tax-free commercial centres and, once built, the largest tax-free market centre in the world. The port is two kilometers from the south coast and is off the island.
Table 9 International tax-exempt and sea-front international tax-exempt city comparison. Figure 37 Geographical location of the sea-front international tax-exempt city
It is expected that Korea’s tax-free replacement for Hainan Island will be weakened. The South Korean tax-free return is now good, with non-Korean tax-free fees of $14.9 billion in 21 years and 83% of the same period in 19 years, most of which we estimate are Chinese via direct mail.
Considering that we are still the main consumer group of Korea exemption (21.3 billion United States dollars in 19 and 112.4 billion United States dollars or more, or more than 70 per cent), in 21 China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Substitution for Hainan Island is also weakening.
4.1 The policy dividend is fully captured, and the key airports, airports and ports of entry have been expanded. Fifteen years ago, duty-free airport entry was opened only in cities like Beijing and Shanghai, and with the liberalization of the policy, duty-free entry at airports has gradually been eased.
In 16 years, the Ministry of Finance issued a proclamation on the policy of duty-free shops at ports of entry, with 13 airports in Guangzhou, Hongzhou, Shan Shan, Chengdu, Qingjiang, Nanjing Lok, Shenzhen Po-An, and six water and land ports in Shenzhen Fukuda and Wang.
After the easing of the policy, the airport tax-free shop was exempted from receiving 8 tickets. For 17 to 18 years, the tax-exempt duty-free share of the airport was further enhanced by exempting duty-free operators from tax-exempt duties, including Chang Shuu, Shenyang Ping Ping, Nanjing Lok, Hangzhou Shawshan, Guangzhou Baiyun, Qingjiang, Chengdu double-flowing and Urumqi.
The exit duty-free shop has been successfully renewed. Some of the airport exit duty-free stores have also expired, with the airport duty-free operation starting from 17 to 18 years.
In March 17 and April 18, companies acquired 51% of China’s shareholdings and 51% of Japan’s shareholdings in Shanghai at a price of 3.882 million yuan and 1.55 billion yuan, respectively. Shanghai, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The t3 terminal at the capital airport operates for 18-25 years. Shanghai won the t1 terminal in Shanghai in July 1818 for 22-25 years, t2 terminal for 19-25 years, S1s2 satellite office for 25 years, and the t1 terminal at Rainbow Airport for 25 years.
19-25 years of business. China is exempt from 18-25 years of tax-free trade in the entry and exit area of the capital airport t2 terminal in August 17, and from 19-29 years of tax-free traffic in cigarettes, food bars and perfumed, fine labels at Da-Hing airport in April 19. Through combined internal and external efforts, strategic captions in Beijing, Shanghai and other important airports are tax-free channels.
In August 17, China won the t2 and t3 air terminal for eight years, and the t2 and t3 air terminal for eight years.
In March 19 China won the 10-year exemption from the tax-free market for the first and second tranches of the Beijing airport, monopolizing tax-free operations at the North airport. In 19 years, tax-free shops at the capital airport (including the t2, t3 terminal and the Dashing airport) achieved $8,589 million in business income, an increase of 16.25 per cent.
The capital city airport has a large base of passenger flow, which provides the basis for tax-free development. International passenger traffic at the capital airport is the second largest in the country, rising from 22,558 to 23,91 million in 15 years and 1.4 per cent in 15-19 years, and a strong passenger flow base that will lay the foundation for duty-free airport sales.
Net interest rates fell as a result of rent increases. The capital airport delivered 8.5% in February 18, before delivery in China, and the net interest rate fell in 18/19 as the new contract (which was raised by raising the operating costs of the base against the actual sales) became more effective, with each contract adjusting the annual operating costs of the base on international passenger traffic floating in the air terminal where the camp area is located.
A supplementary agreement has been signed with the capital airport to demonstrate its bargaining power.
In April 18, the Shanghai airport lost one of its sons. In April 18, it was exempted from taking 51% of Shanghai's shareholdings, and in July 18, the Shanghai-marked Shanghai-Shanghai Bridge International Airport and Shanghai-Po-dong International Airport operated a tax-free shop. In 19, Shanghai realized operating income of $15.1 billion, an increase of 11%.
In addition to completing key airport cards, Shanghai has enhanced its procurement bargaining power through Shanghai. Shanghai has established good cooperation with international luxury suppliers such as Yaschande, L ' Oréa, and Louis Vuitton, and has a strong bargaining power. In order to ensure the integrity of the acquisition of tax-exempt transactions in Shanghai, China has signed an agreement on the transfer of shares.
The international passenger flow at Pudong Airport is the country’s first and most important airport tax-free channel. The international passenger traffic at Pudong Airport is the country’s first, increasing from 23,544 million in 15 years to 32.4 million in 19 years, and the capr 8.3 per cent in 19 years.
The number of international passengers at the bridge airport reached 3.42 million. As a result of the epidemic, the total number of international passengers at the two airports in Shanghai in 21 amounted to only 820,000, and we estimate that when the global epidemic ended, the flow of international passengers was fully liberalized and the volume of international passengers was expected to recover rapidly.
On the other hand, there was a fall in the cliff, and the Shanghai-based online shopping platform, “Small-on-the-clock” was launched. It benefited from the successful operation of the membership purchase model, which generated revenue of 13.7 billion Shanghai dollars in 20 years, a decline of only 9.4 per cent over the same period, as shown in figure 45 of Shanghai's operating income (in billions of dollars).
A supplementary agreement was signed with Shanghai Airport to increase bargaining power. The tax-free operation at Shanghai Airport was hit more than 20 years after the outbreak, and Shanghai and Shanghai Airport agreed to amend the original contract. The new agreement depends on the progress of the epidemic and the resumption of passenger traffic at Pudong Airport International and Hong Kong Adota, which began on 1 March 20th.
The supplementary agreement led to a significant increase in net interest rates in Shanghai in 20 years. The new contract came into force in January 19 with a high rent rate of 5.8 per cent in Shanghai in 19 and a supplementary agreement between Shanghai and Shanghai airport.
With effect from 1 March 2020, Shanghai, Japan, confirmed that tax-free shop rental costs were reduced to $1,156 million in 2020, that rent payable was equal to about 70 per cent, and that the introduction of member purchases increased the Shanghai net interest rate to 17.8 per cent in 20 years.
Bids, May 17, successful bid for company. t2 before/after launch (2018/4/26), t1 international entry duty-free shop site 3244.2356 million yuan per month of first year ' s base sales, 39/42 per cent; t2 international entry duty-free shop site month, successful bid, lower cover sales by 1 August 2018, proportional to actual monthly sales
International passenger traffic has risen rapidly, resulting in high growth elasticity. From 15 to 19 years, international tourist traffic was 14.1% cagr, which is significantly higher than the Beijing capital airport, which is 1.5% higher than the Shanghai capital airport, and 8.3% Shanghai airport, which is a late start of tax-free shops at Guangzhou airport, which in 19 amounted to $1.922 billion, which is far below the level of tax-free shops at Guangzhou airport.
The Beijing airport (including the T2, t3 terminal and the Dashing airport duty-free shop) of $8,589 million and the Shanghai airport (the Hapodong International Airport and the Rainbow Bridge Airport tax-free shop, incorporated in the consolidated statement in March 2018) of $15,149 million, show a high growth trend, with sales growing at a rate of 117 per cent in 19 and with the planning of the Great Bay of Australasia, which the country is investing in, as well as the management of the epidemic.
The future of international tourist traffic at White Cloud Airport will boost tax-free revenue and provide a high degree of flexibility and space. Figure 48 International passenger traffic at White Cloud Airport, Guangzhou (in thousands of US dollars) Winnered Hong Kong Airport tobacco and alcohol billboards for duty-free operations.
A license plate for tobacco and alcohol products was awarded to Hong Kong's joint venture with Lagdell (80 per cent free of shares in Hong Kong), which was closed, and in August 17, it signed the Liquor and Tobacco Concession Agreement, covering eight stores with a total business capacity of 3,400 square metres, operating from 18 November to 30 September 1724.
Hong Kong International Airport, an international and regional airline hub linked to more than 190 destinations worldwide, ranked Hong Kong International Airport 13th in terms of 71.42 million international passenger traffic in 2020, according to aci. Hong Kong Airport has achieved 2,402 million tax-free receipts in 19 years, an increase of 14.54%.
Figure 50 Revenue from tax-free shops at Hong Kong airports (in billions of yuan)
Intra-city tax exemption: Everything is in order, waiting for the East Wind. Tax-free shops in the city are those in which, with the approval of the competent department of the State Council, the General Customs Administration keeps a record of duty-free goods provided within the country to passengers holding an entry passport and valid tickets to leave the country within the prescribed time frame. Passengers can buy tax-free goods at airports and airports.
The advantage over the rest of the channels is that it enhances the flexibility of passenger shopping, which is mostly located in large commercial areas in cities, where shopping times are more abundant, display areas tend to be larger, and shopping experiences are better. The license plates are divided into two categories, and tax exemptions within the city are still in the early stages of development.
For the time being, China has tax-free shops in six cities, namely Beijing, Shanghai, Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, and Harbin, which are mainly for expatriates and Hong Kong compatriots.
Intra-city tax-free shops are being purchased from abroad; there are currently more than 10 home-to-country duty-free shops, mainly for returnees who have reached the age of 16 and have returned home with a passport for a period of 180 days.
Implementation opinion on the promotion of consumer expansion to accelerate the formation of a strong domestic market, which proposes “to further improve the policy of tax-free trade, to maintain the policy of providing services to expatriates and my residents, to improve the policy of duty-free shops within the city, to build a number of duty-free shops in China's special cities; to encourage municipalities in a position to do so to provide land, financing and other support for the construction and operation of duty-free shops within the city, and to work at airports and airports”.
Tax-free shops set up exit points for duty-free stores in the city. As the global epidemic breaks out, the duty-free market policy is expected to be relaxed and improved.
Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Beijing, and Shanghai opened their businesses. In December 21, they acquired 100% of the shares of China’s Hong Kong Hong Kong Central Travel Assets Company (which owns the skills to run tax-free stores in Hong Kong), and before they acquired the Hong Kong Hong Kong Central Travel Assets Company, the company did not return to China to buy tax-free business in the city, thus improving the city’s tax-free business map.
Table 17 lists duty-free shops in the city, 6 with taxes: the epidemiological background prompts members to buy, the space is huge, and the outbreak is on the operational line. Twenty years after the outbreak, the ports are largely closed, regardless of their borders, airports or seaports.
In closed conditions, tax-exempt operations are blocked, and companies submit timely applications for online platforms to the relevant ministries of the country, thus introducing online back-to-back electric power providers in the form of cdf member purchases. Companies have over 20 million members, with huge scope for tax operations based on a strong membership system.
Members buy to foster user consumption habits, with tax revenue multiplying. They benefit from the company’s vast membership system, as well as from the rapid growth of their purchases during the epidemic, with tax revenues of $19.7 billion over 20 years, an increase of 1615%, leading to a transformational upgrade of online operations, and the impact of the ironing epidemic on airport ports’ tax exemption.
In order to facilitate the rapid development of tax-based businesses, it is possible to avoid selling them to consumers at prices close to duty-free rates, which is the equivalent of most of the taxes paid by sellers. For example, according to the cross-border electricity dealer's combined tax statement, each ml is greater than $10 per skin and perfume.
A 23.1% cross-border electric power provider combined tax rate, and members buying platforms, although slightly above duty-free sales prices off the island, consider that the Māori rate would be lower than the tax-free commodity rate. The Māori ratio would be lower than the Māori-wide rate if they bought businesses directly.
VII. Profit forecasts and investment proposals, according to which revenues are about $13.1 billion, or about 20% more. Seagate International and Sanya International Free City, phase two, are gradually invested, and as the domestic epidemic improves, the return of South China tourists is expected to lead to further tax exemptions from the island.
Growth, as the global epidemic improves, the airport’s duty-free operations are expected to be repaired once the entry and exits are fully liberalized. Net profit and ps. Net profit returns are expected to be $9.6 billion, plus 52 per cent, based on 21 years of fast reporting, based on the January-February investment proposal that the company is the absolute leader of the tax-free industry in the country, with full license plates, internal and external co-operation, and with the help of the new one.
As new stores become operational, the global epidemic has brought about a recovery in entry and exit and the liberalization of tax-exempt policies within the city, companies will still have greater scope and growth potential.
Increased competition in duty-free markets: increased competition in duty-free markets due to an increase in the number of tax-free subjects and the risk of a decline in the share of the company’s market.
The macroeconomic downside risks: if the macro-economy drops, the population’s willingness to travel and consume falls, leading to consumer and unit prices Van Hiny, cfa, formerly employed in the Sino-Thai and Sino-Golden International securities, the team gained a new one in 2015
Masters graduated in finance engineering at the University of Illinois, and undergraduates in finance at the University of Gangdan. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.