Leading the digital transformation, actively creating the “second growth pole” — the first-ever coverage by the Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) report on the world's leading intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions service providers
Fujikang Industries Internet Inc. is a leading global digital economy company and a global leading Internet solutions service provider capable of manufacturing and industry, covering the entire data flow, leading operations, mobile equipment for communication networks, cloud service equipment and sophisticated tools and industrial robots, major products
Market value in circulation (millions): network equipment (network exchanges, routers, wireless equipment, 5gsmallcell, etc.), telecommunications (mobile base stations, light transmission equipment, etc.), high-precision institutional units, servers, storage of communications network equipment
Storage equipment, high-precision equipment for cloud services, precision tools, industrial robots, etc., achieves full coverage of five broad categories of cloud and edge computing, industrial Internet, smart homes, 5g and network communication equipment, smartphones and smart apparel digital economy industries.
The rapid evolution of digital change, the prospect of industrial Internet, which in recent years has become increasingly the key to the development of digital, networked, intelligent innovation in manufacturing, with the development of 5g, the growth of material networking technology and the country's strong support for industrial Internet.
At the same time, the industrial Internet industry will grow rapidly and hopefully become an important force for the high-quality development of the economy. According to ICAC data, the total size of the industrial Internet market in 2021 reached $107.6 billion, an increase of 18.23 per cent, and the size of the industrial Internet market in 2022.
A horizontal expansion of business and the creation of a “second growth pole” of new opportunities for digital industrialization will actively seize the opportunities for development by continuing to optimize business portfolios, consolidate supply chain leadership, upgrade research and development capabilities and strengthen talent management, with efficiency in size and supply chain operations
The great advantages of Yang's power and client resources are consolidated in the leading position in the electronic information manufacturing industry; on the other hand, the horizontal expansion of the industry is firmly embedded in semiconductors, new energy vehicles, automation and robotics.
The company is the world’s leading provider of smart manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions, and it has achieved coverage of cloud margins, industrial Internet, smart homes, 5g and network communication equipment, smart phones, and intelligence.
In recent years, companies have been active in expanding the industrial landscape to such areas as semiconductors, new energy vehicles, and the industrial Internet, creating a “second growth pole”.
1.1 Creates an “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet” ecology, a full-scale data distribution process. Fujican Industrial Internet Inc. is a leading global digital economy company and a leading global provider of smart manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions.
Founded in Shenzhen in 2015, 2017 was changed to Fujikan Industrial Internet Inc. and successfully listed in 2018 as a stock. The company’s scope covers the entire data process and is committed to providing products centred on the industrial Internet, design, manufacture and service technologies, assist in the industrial transformation of smart manufacturing, and build “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet”
New ecology is becoming an integrated solution service provider for intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet. Companies now act as bridges and bonds in global industrial chains, based on the advantages of sophisticated manufacturing techniques and the entire industry chain of data integration, based on deep-farming for many years.
Figure 1: In the field of deep-farming smart manufacturing and industrial Internet for many years, the industrial conglomerates conceived and the industrial conglomerates announced their full commitment to the "industrial Internet ecologic system."
The Ministry of Industry and Communications has fielded research on the industrial U.S. Chengzhou industrial manufacturing line, which has been awarded the first platform-credible service certificate issued by the Industrial Internet Union, and has deployed more than 60,000 industrial robots throughout the country.
Six lights out smart factories across the country, and the Confederation of Industrial Wealth has successfully entered the marketa — elected to the World Economic Forum Lighthouse Network in Davos, becoming one of the world's 16 lighthouses.
Ficloud is one of the three five-star certification platforms of the National Alliance of Industrial and Industrial Industries. Beacon Industrial Internet Platform (now upgraded to Ficloud Clouds) has been rated one of the 10 major cross-practice, cross-cutting industrial and Internet platforms by the Ministry of Technology.
Strategic investment in `Collective Clouds Technology', new infrastructure of the deep-farming industry Internet • ICU-owned trust and control stock, Cino-Cin-Dika, Hua-Yun-Cement to form a joint venture — strategic access software
The Federation of Industries proposes a "Data-Driving, Green Development" strategy, the Federation of Industrial Wealth's exclusive use of the "Spirit Robotics" company's main business is cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment, and the Industrial Internet.
Equipment (network exchanges, routers, wireless devices, 5gsmallcells, etc.), telecommunications equipment (mobile base stations, light transmission equipment, etc.), communications network equipment with high-precision institutions, servers, storage equipment, cloud service equipment with high-precision institutions, precision tools, industrial robots, etc., achieves cloud and edge computing, industrial Internet, intelligence, etc.
Figure 2: Corporations are leading companies in the digital economy worldwide that stay deep-deep in China and the world. 12 countries and areas in Europe, Europe and North America, based on many years of sophistication, are home, 5g and network communication equipment, smartphones and smart apparel digital economy industries.
Experiences such as management for profit, supply chain management, flexible production, etc., achieve a dual cycle of production, both domestic and foreign, and, in the face of a sudden change in the global situation, adhere to the Chinese model of development and integrate the advantages of globalized resources, promote the digitization of the ict industrial chain, and transform it to contribute to the high-quality development of the global digital economy.
Figure 3: Based on China, the global distribution of 1.2 equity structures is concentrated, equity incentives are motivated, equity structures are relatively concentrated, and the structure is stable.
The company’s equity is relatively concentrated, the overall structure is more stable, the governance structure is balanced, and it is beneficial to protect shareholders’ rights.
In June 2022, the company launched the Fukang Industrial Internet Corporation (FIT) Staff Holding Plan 2022, which targets directors of the company (in addition to independent directors), supervisors and senior managers, company and subsidiary core technical (business) staff.
The implementation of an employee holding scheme can create full motivation and motivation, motivate workers to create value for the company, enhance the competitiveness of the company, better attract the entrepreneurial team, motivate the company’s talent and other key talent needed by the public sector, improve corporate governance mechanisms, and create shareholder value.
The stockholding scheme further boosts the company to drive its employees to take over strategic corporate development goals, to drive companies to achieve 1.3 strong performance, and industrial Internet operations are expected to become a new growth point in performance. Companies perform robustly in the face of the global new crown epidemic, price increases for bulk commodity raw materials, and chip shortages.
In 2021, the company achieved a net profit of $6,872 million for shareholders in the Division, an increase of 2.16 per cent over the previous year, with a robust overall performance and consolidation of the digital economy.
Figure 5: Corporate performance is robust and long. For many years, the company's deep-farming technology has kept its main business growing despite rising production costs, such as raw materials, logistics, etc., and the company's overall Māori ratio has steadily increased.
With 40.43% and 58.92% of total revenues, respectively, the Māori rate has remained stable, and the Māori rate for company precision tools and industrial robots has grown and remained high, reaching 43.87% in 2021. As the numbers have moved forward, the industrial Internet operation of 2022H1 has continued to grow at a high rate, with revenues achieved in the first half of the year.
435 million yuan, an increase of 17.26 per cent over the same period, is expected to be the main growth point in the company ' s future performance.
2.1 Communications equipment: benefit of 5g construction, with a breakdown of approximation market demand 2.1.15g commercial acceleration of urban infrastructure consolidation 5g base station construction progresses steadily. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the total number of mobile base stations nationwide was 9.96 million in 2021
Of these, 4g base stations amounted to 5.9 million, 5g base stations amounted to 1,425,000, and a net increase of 81,000 by the end of the new year. Of these, 5g base stations amounted to 1.59 million, representing 15.5 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations, representing an increase of 1.2 percentage points compared with the previous year. Of these, 134,000 were newly built in one quarter.
The impact may have slowed, with the construction of 5g base stations in the country expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. Global 5g network commercial processes accelerated. According to gsa data, 200 operators in 78 countries had opened 5g commercial services by the end of December 2021.
The landscape will give further impetus to the evolution and development of 5g network technology, with higher demands on the operator 5g network, and operators will have to increase their load significantly. According to ihs data, the global market for 5g base equipment was $27.4 billion in 2021, projected to reach $31.4 billion by 2025, with a 26 per cent annual compound growth rate.
2.1.2 Site applications bring market increment. Smart terminals are the basis of intelligent life. As 5g technologies are integrated into national development strategies, they are networked, cloud computing, etc.
With the support of technologies such as artificial intelligence, the experience of intellectual life is gradually reaching out to people, home, sports health, video entertainment, etc., into critical stages of development. And a wide range of intelligent carriers, such as smartphones, are widely used to cover the whole scene, moving to the end of intelligence as various applications land.
The market for smart mobile terminals and apparel devices has gone hand in hand. While the global market for smart phones has saturated since 2016 and has slowed down significantly, smartphones have been growing in a new round as the 5g switch has arrived.
Global smartphones reached 1,355 million in 2021. As smartphones spread, they developed around them 534 million worldwide worth of serviceable equipment, and are expected to reach 637 million by 2024. Moreover, through the gradual improvement of industrial chains and the import of smartphones and clothing leaders, ar/vr will become operational.
The market is fast and long-term, and the ar/vr technology will be widely applied to professional settings, such as health, education, and enterprise-level users’ business training and engineering applications. In the context of the new infrastructure, smart households are moving from one-size-fits-all to the intelligence-connection phase, and industries are moving to high quality.
Growth patterns. The main drivers are increased household digital demand, increased consumer awareness of household intelligence and convenience, higher standards of living, increased consumer purchasing power, and increased consumer demand for smart home services. According to idc, the annual compound growth rate in the size of the smart home installation market is projected to be 2021-2025.
2.2 Cloud services: Cloud computing markets expand at an accelerated pace, data centre construction provides industrial drivers with strong demand for cloud services, cloud computing markets expand at a high rate, cloud services are the main driving force of future server markets and demand continues to grow.
As a result of repeated global epidemics, the landscape of distance learning and collaboration, home-based videoconferencing, etc., has become the norm of daily work and life, creating a strong demand for cloud services. According to Canalys, total global expenditure on cloud services rose to $191.7 billion in 2021, with a combined growth rate of 35.07% in 2018-2021, requiring market demand.
Meanwhile, with the release of the East-West Plan, the country's data centre clustering has pushed up demand for server markets. According to the global server sales tracking report, worldwide server output will increase by 6% in 2022, to 13.8 million. Income will increase by 17% in the same year, reaching 17%.
Global cloud computing markets are warming and rebounding. As the economy warms, the impact on global cloud computing markets has diminished, and by 2021 they have largely recovered to pre-epidemiological growth levels. According to gartner, global public cloud markets, represented by laas, paas, saas, reached $33.7 billion in 2021, at a rate of increase.
China’s cloud-based market continued to grow at a high rate. In 2021, China’s cloud-based market was growing at a rate of 322.9 billion yuan, an increase of 54.4 per cent over the previous year, of which the public-owned cloud market grew at a rapid rate of 70.8 per cent to 2181 billion yuan, which is expected to be the main engine of growth in China’s cloud-based market in the coming years; and private-sector clouds.
2.2.2 The accelerated construction of the data centre will further drive the growth of the cloud computing market, which is calculated as a key client downstream of the idc industry chain.
Resource providers for the construction of the idc engine room to provide the necessary infrastructure, including basic networks, network equipment, IT software equipment, IT hardware equipment, electrical equipment, etc.: midstream is an integration of upstream resources to provide idc services for information systems, including operators and network-neutral third-party idc service providers; downstream is a specific need to use idc
Corporate users of the housing sector, including cloud computing firms, Internet enterprises, government agencies, financial institutions, and other business customers, account for the largest share of sales, at 37%. In recent years, the country’s launch of East and West Counting, and the high profile of data center infrastructure worldwide, will certainly drive the steady growth of downstream cloud computing markets.
Upstream: resource provider Midstream: idc service provider 65.9 per cent of the cost of major mechanical and electrical equipment.
The cost of renovation construction was 11.3 per cent, compared to 12.4 per cent for cloud computing plants.
It's a software provider for telecommunications.
China Telecom China
china third-party idc service provider it hardware provider
Idc service provider selected by the principle of proximity (19 per cent of sales)
The security level for idc should be gds for the Universal Data Age.
Photomodule, OO webbed technology □ 5 on-line, other resource support providers
Cloud computing company ups
The global data centre has grown steadily in size. The global digital economy has continued to increase its contribution to the economy in recent years.
The rapid growth in demand for storage, analysis and processing has contributed to the rapid development of the global data centre market, which will enter a new phase of development. According to ICA data, the global data centre market reached $74.65 billion in 2022, an increase of 9.90 per cent over the same period, and is expected to remain at around 10 per cent in the future.
According to counterpoint data, global server market revenues will increase by 17 per cent in 2022, to $111.7 billion, and are expected to contribute to steady growth in the size of data centres in the coming years. Figure 23: Global data centre market size of $74.65 billion in 2022, figure 24: Global server market revenues of $111.7 billion in 2022
The size of the domestic data centre industry has continued to grow steadily, and the size of the hangar has steadily increased. According to ICDC data, the size of the Chinese data centre industry market is expected to reach $19.7 billion in 2022, and will continue to lift the light module.
By the end of 2021, we had 5.2 million data-centres, or more than 30 per cent in the past five years. Of these, the larger or larger data-centres have grown even faster, with 4.2 million, or 80 per cent, of them based on the standard 2.5kw.
Figure 25: China ' s data centre industry market size reached RMB 19.7 billion. 26: Large data centre hangars are growing faster. 2.3 Industrial Internet: the domestic layout is fully operational, companies are responding to new opportunities. 2.3.1 Market size growth is high, and industrial connectivity is promising.
The industrial Internet is an important building block for the transformation of industrial digitalization. The new generation of information and communication technologies (ICT) is a new infrastructure that integrates the depth of the industrial economy and provides an important avenue for industrial digitization, networking, and intelligent development. The industries covered by the industrial Internet are the three main sectors: networks, platforms, and security.
In recent years, the industrial Internet has grown rapidly in size and participation, and according to AIDS advisory data, the global industrial Internet hardware in 2020 has grown rapidly.
The size of the market for network products has reached $43,164.5 billion, and is expected to reach $45,98.7 billion in 2021 and $62,873 billion in 2025. Industrial Internet is increasingly becoming a key driver of manufacturing digitalization, networking, intellectual innovation, and market size will be further developed.
Our industrial Internet industry has grown steadily. With the country’s 5g, the technological development of the Internet, and the country’s strong support for the industrial Internet, the country’s industrial network market has grown in size. After experiencing the impact of the new crown epidemic, the new industrial and economic model of the industrial Internet as a vehicle has become the driving force for the country’s production and economic recovery.
According to data from the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the total size of the industrial Internet market in 2021 amounted to 1076 billion yuan, an increase of 18.23 per cent over the same period, and the Institute of Commerce and Industry predicts that the industrial Internet market will continue to grow at a high rate in 2022 and is expected to grow at $121.9 billion.
Figure 28: The size of our industrial Internet industry market is expanding. Figure 29: The economic value added of our industrial Internet industry as a percentage of gdp rises.
In addition, the introduction of new infrastructure has further accelerated the process of digitization of industrial systems, with the emphasis and support of national policies.
The size of State-owned equipment dealers is expected to grow steadily. 2.3.2 Policy guarantees industrial development, technology promotes industrial upgrading. Policy continues to add codes to provide industrial Internet development. The Government attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet industry.
In 2016, the State Council issued the Guidance for Deepening Manufacturing and Internet Integration. By the beginning of the "14th Five-Year Plan" in 2021, industrial Internet-related policies were heavily planned. A series of laws and regulations and policies have been enacted to create a favourable business environment for the industry.
The construction of the industrial Internet is applied to multiple front-line technologies, mainly 5g, margin computing, industrial intelligence, digital combs, block chains, etc. 1) 5g technology. 5g, as the latest generation of cellular mobile technologies, is characterized by large-scale connectivity, high reliability, low-time delay, etc.
The basis of the connection can be applied to the three scenarios of enhanced mobile broadband, large connector networking, super-reliable low-time communications, using 5g technology that can effectively address the diversity needs of different industrial scenarios. 2) Edge computing is used as a network edge close to the source or object of the data, integrating networks, applying core capabilities, computing memory.
The stored open platform, with the advantages of low-time delay, efficiency, near-end service, low load, and the ability to provide marginal intelligence in close proximity, is an essential part of the industrial Internet. 3) Artificial intelligence technology. Using knowledge mapping, machine learning, in-depth learning, natural language processing, etc., can solve the huge volume and number of industrialization network data.
Helping to achieve better precision decision-making and dynamic optimization, based on issues such as dimensions, real-time analysis and difficulty in quantifying, is the key to the industrial Internet forming an optimal shut-off of data. 4) Digital twin-breeding technology uses algorithmic models to analyse and understand the data to optimize production processes, with data drivers, etc.
Model support, software definition, precision mapping, and smart decision-making. 5) Block chain technology. Through block chain encryption algorithms, access control, privacy protection, intrusion detection, etc., data sharing, network encryption and access control at various stages within an industrial enterprise, and use of block chain distribution.
2.3.3 The lighthouse plant leads industrial Internet development The lighthouse plant is the world economic forum (wef, worldconomicforum) that has been operating in recent years.
In 2018, the World Economic Forum led and joined McKenzie in launching the Global Lighthouse Network initiative, whose main judgement was the success of the plant in using the technology of the fourth industrial revolution to boost economic and operational efficiency, and the goal of the global lighthouse network was to share the work of the fourth global manufacturing industry.
Best practices in the industrial revolution provide opportunities for cross-business learning and collaboration. Enterprises rated as lighthouse factories are considered leaders of the fourth industrial revolution and represent 4.0 representatives of digital manufacturing and industry, to some extent representing the highest levels of global intellectual manufacturing capacity.
As of September 2021, 90 factories from many countries and different regions of the world in leading industries had been selected for the Lighthouse Plant. Of these, China owns 31 Lighthouse plants in 14 provinces or municipalities directly under the Central Government.
Cognitive change, more businesses are beginning to explore the digital transformation of lighthouse plants, which have multiple “lighthouses” under the umbrella of global companies such as Fauscan, Bocture, Schneider Electric, Renault, Johnson, etc. Figure 30: Geographical distribution of the global “lighthouse plant”
The lighthouse plant is an important part of the upgrading of the digital transformation of manufacturing. On the one hand, the lighthouse plant, using digital technology, can improve production efficiency and promote energy-saving emission reductions. On the other hand, the lighthouse industry’s Internet is accelerating.
The lighthouse plants are fully connected, deeply integrated into the Internet, big data, and artificial intelligence, with a high productive potential, and contribute to the continuous improvement of the industrial Internet operating system. The lighthouse plants promote sustainable development and productivity improvements.
According to industry, the fourth industrial revolution enhanced the sustainability of the organization, with direct and indirect cases of special design contributing to it. Directly, of the 14 lighthouse enterprises in the processing industry, the deployment of direct cases, such as digital twins, helped 29% of lighthouses to increase sustainability; indirectly, up to 50%.
The Beacon companies claim that indirect examples such as advanced analytical tools have improved the quality of output, reduced the end-of-life rate, increased the core advantages of deep-farming technology, seized opportunities to create the three main areas of the “second growth pole” of 3.1 operations, and created the eco-economy of the digital economy.
The company is actively engaged in network and digital transformation, covering the entire process, building a new ecology of “smart manufacturing + industrial Internet” around the three main areas of communication and mobile network equipment, cloud computing and industrial Internet, and consolidating corporate advantages with multiple products and services.
1) Communications and mobile network equipment: in the area of 5g related equipment, the company layout includes products such as base station routers, 400g switchers, base stationru, small base stations, mobile routers, household routers, 5g modules and open-ran programmes; in the area of car connectivity, the company covers 5g specialized network standard products, marginal operating modules, shared base stations
Products such as shared-ru, 5gobu and Car Networking Modules, while products related to corporate data centres and autopilot computing are also expected to yield in 2022; in virtual reality, companies now have the core technology of w-fi6/6e, and industrial products can be adapted to remote troubleshooting scenarios and enhanced by expert remote guidance
Efficiency, safety of industrial scenes; smart households, where companies have been investing in smart home technologies and products for many years, are currently developing and delivering smart home products covering products such as 4kott streaming audio devices, mesh wireless networks, ip web cameras, smart doorbells and smart speakers. Corporate intelligence as a whole.
The number of home-based devices continues to exceed 100 million, of which the number of ott streaming audio devices is more than 60 million, 2) cloud computing: corporate cloud computing and corporate servers and storage units maintain global leadership. Companies have established partnerships with top global clients to continue to deepen their collaboration and launch a new generation of cloud computing infrastructure solutions.
Including modular servers, high-efficiency algorithms (hpc) and advanced cooling solutions for data centres. With respect to new products and technologies, the company rolled out modular servers, including operating modules, management modules and interface modules to support x86 and arm structures. In 2022, the company first issued two arm-based architecture masters, certified by the authorities.
A high-performance, multi-nucleic cloud server provides a powerful boost to the digital transformation of global cloud service providers and firms. Beyond this, companies are actively engaged in Hpc-related business, with the approval of large domestic and international cloud service providers, and are expected to benefit from the rapid growth dividends of the Hpc industry.
3) Industrial Internet: The corporate system of business on industrial Internet products is maturing and has developed into an integrated lighthouse plant resolution programme, a scene-based, hard-to-soft integration product, cloud and platform services, three main service components. The company has sunk a one-stop digital transformation service capacity and a whole-of-the-ground product system, and has established regional operating services throughout the country.
So far, the company has built five world-class “lighthouse plants”, nine “green factories”, more than 10 “smart factories”, successfully serving the head of the new energy car and the head of the auto spare parts industry, the upstream aluminium materials industry, etc.
More than 50 leading companies, as well as invisible champions and specialized new firms in the automotive metal parts, medical devices, etc., have collectively released their strong growth potential. The world’s leading high-quality customers, solid strategic partners.
The core clients are smart phones and global leaders in the areas of wearing terminals, cloud computing servers, telecommunications and network devices, smart home devices, including aliba, amazon, apple, aws, Cisco, Commcope, dell, ricsson, etc.
Google, h3c, hpe, Hala, Microsoft, Netapp, nokia, nvidia, oracle, roku, seagate, tungsten, bytes, etc. (in alphabetical order) 3.2 plus R & D input to unlock core technical support points.
With 5504 patents authorized, the total number of patent authorizations increased by 33.4 per cent over the year, and the share of frontier technology patent reserves was 47.9 per cent, covering mainly cloud computing, big data, mobile terminals, robotics, object networking, intelligent life, while further strengthening digital intelligence manufacturing capacity through investment in chips, industrial software.
Figure 33: Increase in company R & D costs and revenues over the years Figure 34: Number of company R & D personnel and percentage of the internal Lighthouse Plant where Shenzhen, Chengdu, Wuhan and Chengzhou plants were successfully certified as World Lighthouse Plants;
In addition, more than a dozen industry leaders, such as external electronics, automobiles, machinery, energy, housing, equipment, and so on, have now assisted in the digital transformation of more than 50 industry leaders, including a number of companies such as the Sensitivity Group, the Chinese Motors Group, the Hironaga New Energy, Xinhua Medical Services, and Seagull Residents. In addition, the company has assisted Shindaika in 2021.
Acclaimed by a global lighthouse plant, the main results were a 33 per cent reduction in production costs, an increase in equipment efficiency by 21.4 per cent, a 20.9 per cent reduction in product failure rates, a 37.9 per cent reduction in product delivery times, and an upgrading of one-stop supply chain service capacity by core technologies in the digital economy.
Response chain to build manufacturing bases in mainland China, Taiwan, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Viet Nam, Mexico, the United States of America and other countries and regions, with continuous digitalization and intellectual upgrading; and in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, the United States, Singapore, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, Japan, etc.
The company’s global digital management system, the flexible allocation of production and supply chain resources, the efficient and rapid delivery of production and global delivery needs in the client region, and the provision of low-cost and more resilient one-stop supply chain services to clients through investment layouts in the areas of chip, industrial software, etc.