South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: Performance summary: Companies achieved business income of $2,223 million in 2017, an increase of 37.01 per cent over the previous year, with electricity.
Since then, the global semiconductor industry has entered a new phase of growth driven by technologies such as the ai and 5g, with the industry earning more than $400 billion in sales, which has reached a record high. China, the world’s largest semiconductor consumer market, has one-third of the world’s total, and the downstream market is vast. On the policy front, integrated circuits are listed.
In terms of financial resources, large-scale local funds and social capital have come with sufficient financial support: on the industrial side, international crystallized manufacturing firms have invested in manufacturing plants on mainland China. With three-fold benefits in capital, policy, and industry, China’s semi-conductor industry will have historic development opportunities.
:: Industrialization of technologically alternative equipment applications of 28 nm and above, promotion of market expansion for 14 nm process equipment, and development of key technologies such as 10 nm and 7 nm. In 2017, North China cost about 736 million yuan in R & D, R & D accounted for 33.13 per cent of revenue, and increased R & D investment allowed North China to develop mature programming equipment
A number of important breakthroughs have been made: 02 special 14nm equipment has been delivered to the client for process validation: 28 nm and above have been bulked into the mainstream integrated circuit production: some of the products have become the baseline platform for the negotiation of production lines at the national dragon chip factory; and all 8 inc equipment has been fully installed in the country.
At the same time, the North has begun to build an integrated circuit facility for overseas R & D, pre-positioning cutting-edge technology such as 10 nm and 7 nm, and maintaining the development of cutting-edge technology. • New energy sources are good for lithium power, vacuum market orders are high, and electronic components are growing steadily.
The rise in the sale of new energy vehicles has led to a boom in the lithium battery industry, which will benefit the northern Lithium Equator. Rapid developments in the domestic photovoltaic market have led to a significant increase in the upstream monocrystal equipment market, with a historic breakthrough in the company’s vacuum equipment market order in 2017, which was signed in the course of the year.
The most sophisticated industries, such as aerospace, where sophisticated electronic components are oriented towards national priorities, have grown steadily over the years, with revenues of $763 million in 2017, an increase of 25.49 per cent over the same period.
Taking into account the high profile of the semiconductor equipment industry in which the company is located, the company, as the industry's scarce target, maintains the “buying of the cleaning machine market” (2018-03-31).
Assumption 1: the company as the upstream core of the semiconductor industrial chain and as the lead firm in the domestic semiconductor equipment, the technology gap with the outside world is closing, and the Māori rate of company semiconductor equipment operations will remain at 40 per cent over the next three years; Assumption 2: The rapid development of artificial intelligence and object networking drives the continued growth of demand for electronic components.
(b) Assumption 3: the company's monocrystal furnaces have been technologically innovative and gradually entering the international market: the company's vacuum equipment operations have been growing at a high rate of 20 per cent over the next three years;
Assumption 4: As a result of global entry into the panconductor hyperbolic cycle and the acceleration of the production of semiconductors for national production, the business income of the North will remain high. Assumption 5: the company intends to acquire the American akrion company, with an 18-inch pre-positioned crystal round, is expected to be released in 2018
Yes, there are sufficient orders from downstream integrated players, such as Centracchi International, Kyoto East, and semiconductor equipment, which will rise significantly in 2018. On the basis of these assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for companies for 2018-2020 as follows: Noone has ever suffered, has not suffered, and will not receive any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.