High income growth, semiconductor equipment industry space, North China-North China Corporation 2017 annual report.
The company issued its annual report for 2017, which resulted in operating income of $2.22 billion, an increase of 37 per cent over the reporting period; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. The scheme for distribution of profits of the company was based on 458,004,372 shares, with a gold dividend of 0.28 (including taxes) per 10 shares distributed to all shareholders, and a red share of 0 (including taxes) not transferred to the equity fund.
The growth in income from core semiconductor equipment, which accounts for more than half of total operating income, is significant in the east, with 51 per cent of total corporate semiconductor equipment revenue, amounting to $1.13 billion, an increase of 39.47 per cent over the same period the previous year, and production from semiconductor operations.
The main items included seven major types of semiconductor equipment and components, including carpators, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, dispersers, scrubbers and mfc, for eight application areas, namely, integrated circuits, advanced encapsulation, semiconductor lighting, micromechanical power systems, power semiconductors, compounds semiconductors, new energy photovoltaics, tablet displays, etc., covering most of the critical process equipment in the pre-conductor production process and many products already in the country.
The company’s second largest share of electronic components, with a total revenue of $760 million, an increase of 25.49 per cent over the same period, is operated by the company’s original company, the Seven Stars’ Precision Electronic Technology Ltd., which combines electronic components production units. The main products include high-precision resistors, capacitors, quartz crystals and modular power sources.
The semiconductor industry continues to be innovative and the transfer of industry offers opportunities for domestic equipment \triangleright global semiconductor sales totalled $412.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 21.6 per cent over the same period. According to our projections, the semiconductor downstream from 2018 to 2020
Domestic semiconductor sales in 2017 amounted to $131.5 billion, accounting for 31.9 per cent of global sales, and domestic semiconductor consumption markets have become the largest in the world, with a combination of policy and fund support, and domestic crystalline construction and investment levels have reached new peaks, providing ample customer import opportunities for domestic semiconductor equipment.
High R & D inputs are essential for semiconductor equipment evolution \triangleright 33%.
Technical clearance of equipment such as proliferation furnaces, washing machines, etc., the products are in the early stages of industrialization, and the manufacture of integrated circuits such as 12 inch 14nm process etching machines, pvd, ald, etc., is accelerating. Semiconductor equipment is not imported as expected.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom.
He's a member of the Eung Heung Bond, and he's doing research in the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.