In the North, Volkswagen 2017: Visibility of photovoltaic equipment growth, semiconductor net profit for shareholders in listed companies of $126 million, an increase of 35.21 per cent over the same period, with steady growth in performance,
The market recognition and influence of the company’s integrated circuit production equipment, as the only provider of core equipment for the integrated circuit front, is also changing. We continue to appreciate the continued exposure of leading companies to North China’s 2017 report: 2.222 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 37.01 per cent;
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $126 million, an increase of 35.21 per cent in the same year; management fees benefited from the high profile of many industries, such as downstream semiconductors, photovoltaics, led, etc., and steady growth in equipment operations. In 2017, the company ' s main electronics equipment business earned $1.44 billion, an increase of 43.96 per cent in the same year.
In the case of semiconductor equipment, the income is $1,134 million, an increase of 39.47 per cent, and vacuum equipment, a gain of $200 million, an increase of 127.46 per cent. We believe that downstream industries continue to have a high profile, providing an impetus for the company’s performance growth in the coming years.
Income from the electronic component products grew steadily. Revenue from the electronic component main business was $763 million, an increase of 25.49 per cent compared to the previous year, representing a 34 per cent increase in total income, a strong increase in downstream customers, a relative increase in hand orders, which guaranteed a sustained outbreak in 2018.
The bulk of the supply is monocrystal growth equipment, which, at hand orders of about $900 million, will gradually be recognized in 2018-19 for continued research and development of semiconductor equipment, which is expected to accelerate its release. Semiconductor equipment technology is difficult and bottlenecked, and plays a key role in the development of the integrated circuit industry, with the company’s products covering 20% of the value of the core equipment.
Technology and markets are expected to make a sustained breakthrough, using market prices as the standard on April 18, 2018, to contribute to the main growth point in future performance. Semiconductor equipment development has not progressed as expected, and semiconductor markets have not expanded as expected.
The North’s Innovation: The Lead for Importing Alternative Semiconductor Equipment, Future Flexibility, 2018.03.02 The Industry’s Insight Report on Semiconductor Equipment – The country has been on board for many years.
The market surplus was 102, 69 and 51 times higher, respectively, and was recommended on an ongoing basis.
Yang Shaohui* shaohui.yang@boccichina.com's general semiconductor equipment revenue increased by 40% in the same year, in line with expectations.
This represents a steady increase in income from electronic component products. The main electronic component camp revenue is $763 million, a 25.39 per cent increase from the previous year, representing a decrease of 34 per cent of total revenue, mainly due to the rapid growth in equipment operations, as the main customer of the electronic component of the company is the main customer.
In the field of military engineering such as military aerospace, ships, precision instruments, the customer is sticky, the growth is relatively stable, and the future growth is expected to continue at an annual rate of 10-20%, and changes in the product structure of the general semiconductor have led to a decrease in the Maori rate. The overall Māori rate for electronic equipment products is 33.2%, a decrease of 4 pct compared to the same period, mainly because the Māori rate for semiconductor equipment has dropped by 5 pct. We believe that it is related to the restructuring of the company’s products and that the semiconductor equipment is:
While the Māori rate of equipment products is the highest, the Māori rate of panel equipment is the lowest, and the company ' s 17-year growth in panel equipment is 62 per cent. Led equipment is also growing faster, reducing the overall Māori rate, but the Māori rate of equipment products with the highest technology content is maintained at over 40 per cent, reflecting the company ' s core competition.
The company’s R&D costs in 2017 were 736 million yuan, roughly the same, of which bulk production was achieved and became the baseline platform of mainstream downstream customers. The PVs were well-placed, guaranteeing an increase of over 200% over 18 years.
In 2017, the company signed a new bond of $1,022 million, and in 2017 it recognized an income of $200 million (of which the stock market was 102 and 69 times higher, taking into account the high size of the semiconductor equipment company, the scarcity of the target, the constant recommendation, the maintenance of the purchase rating, the North China Creature, and the fact that the company had been able to pay for it.