In the North, where the growth in the use of technological equipment has been significant, the year-round performance is high. In the North, it published a quarterly report in 2018: $542 million in operating income, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the mother is 15.36 million yuan, an increase of 857.6% in the same year; the net profit of the non-mortality - 1,197 million yuan; and the basic $1 billion, an increase of 100-150% in the same year. We believe that the company, as the lead company in semiconductor equipment, is expected to fill the wave of transfer of the beneficiary semiconductor industry to China.
Process equipment (pvd, etching, oxidizer, etc.) became a downstream base platform with 14 nm set up for early development of the layout, with downstream clients covering major chip manufacturing enterprises in the country (Center International, Yangtze, etc.) with an opening performance of $542 million in the first quarter of 2018.
As the lead company for semiconductor equipment, the net profit in the future major craft and equipment industry has increased significantly, thanks to income growth, increased government subsidies, and lower management costs. The Department achieved a return net profit of $1.536 million in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 857 per cent.
It is a 31% growth in corporate income, a substantial increase in government subsidies of 310%, and a decrease in management costs of the same year. Inventory increases are substantial, with ample hand orders and high year-round performance growth. Companies sell stock, with stock being used as spare parts for equipment products. Inventory in the first quarter of 2018 amounted to $2,296 million, a year-on-year increase.
United States akrionysstemsllc assets disposal has been completed, and technology and market synergies are evident. The company successfully acquired the United States akrion company for $15 million in 2017, effectively replenishing and enhancing the company’s cleaning and preparation of product lines, and the technology and market synergies are evident and are now long.
There has been no sustained progress in product technology and slow progress in import substitution.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shaohui* shaohui.yang@bocicchina.com
Income increased by 31% in the first quarter of 2018, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the production of process equipment. The company ' s products consist mainly of electronic components, products of process equipment.
The net profit has grown significantly, thanks to income growth, increased government subsidies, and lower management costs. The company achieved operating profits of $3.88 million in the first quarter of 2018, resulting in a reversal of losses of 133% over the same period, and a return of $1.536 million over the same period, mainly due to an increase of 857%.
(a) Income growth, significant reductions in administrative costs and significant increases in government subsidies: in 2018, management costs amounted to $161 million in the first quarter of the year, a decrease of 18.5 per cent in the same year and an administrative cost rate of 30 per cent, a decrease of 18 pct in the same year;
The company’s overall Māori rate has increased, thanks to a change in the marketing structure of the products of the panconductor. The company’s overall Māori rate was 41.9% in the first quarter of 2018, compared with an increase of 8.6 pts, due mainly to an increase in the average Māori rate for craft equipment products (the company’s annual 2017 report revealed a high Māori rate of 43% for electronic components products and 33.2% for electronic process equipment products).
Changes in the structure of the sale of equipment are the main reason for the increase in the average Māori rate. The Māori rate for general semiconductor equipment is in descending order: (c) equipment > photovoltaic products >led equipment > panel equipment > , there is a large gap in the Māori ratio for all types of equipment, there is a large increase in the structure of product sales for the average Māori stock, there is ample hand orders to ensure high performance growth throughout the year.
The bulk of the company's vacuum equipment (single crystal growth equipment) is expected to be delivered in 18 years. Currently, the vacuum equipment is ordered in 7-90 million yuan and will be gradually recognized in 2018-19, with revenue expected to be 18 years.
The Akrionsystemsllc assets of the United States have been handed over, and the technological and market synergies are evident. The company acquired the American akrion company for $15 million in 2017 to effectively complement and enhance the cleaning of equipment product lines, and the integrated cleaning operations include single and batch cleaning of the two product lines, further expansion of the range of cover processes, clear technological and market synergies, and now have been stored in the Yangtze River.
We believe that the main points of growth in corporate revenue are the expected 600-70 million dollars in light-voltage equipment over 18 years, which is the same increase.
200-250%; semiconductor equipment is expected to generate revenues of more than 1.6 billion yuan, a 45% increase over the same period; electronic components are growing steadily, and we believe that the company, as a leading company in semiconductor equipment, continues to progress in technology, with high market demand, and is expected to benefit fully from the import replacement dividend transferred from the semiconductor industry to China. While the company does not currently have a valuation advantage, the downstream semiconductor industry has a high profile, which is of national interest.