The 14nm process equipment enters the process of authenticating the akrion platform, and facilitates the development of the cleaning machine business 35.21% long.
The main products of the company semiconductor equipment include etching machines, pvd, cvd, oxidizers, oxidizers.
Dispersible furnaces, scrubbers, mfc, etc., with applications including integrated circuits, photovoltaics, led, tablet displays. The company's 28nm and above technology proxy equipment has entered the country in bulk.
The company, which is the country's major technology unit, has completed several key processes, such as the manufacture of integrated circuits 90-28nm, and is currently working on 14 nm.
Major shareholders (20171227) Process equipment has also been delivered to clients for process certification, and it is expected that production will be achieved in follow-up, with an increase in the acquisition of the akrion company ' s enrichment of cleaning equipment product lines and the consolidation of overseas markets
The company's cleaners cover applications such as ic, photovoltaic, led, tablet displays, etc., and the company's collection is relatively high. In January 2018, the company successfully acquired the equipment cleaning business assets of the akrion company for $15 million, which was the first Chinese acquisition since Trump took office.
In this way, the company not only obtains the relevant patents and core personnel, enriches the range of products, but also contributes to the construction of overseas platforms for marketing.
With regard to vacuum equipment operations, the North has more than 60 years of vacuum thermal equipment, research and development and manufacturing experience. The vacuum thermal treatment equipment, atmosphere protection heat treatment, has been in place for the last six months, compared to 300 depths.
In 2017, 200 million yuan was recorded, an increase of 127.46 per cent over the previous year, benefiting mainly from single-crystal equipment and iron-clad materials.
The stock incentive scheme highlights management's ambition The company released the equity incentive plan on 24 March, which is intended to reach 341 core technicians each year
Four and a half million shares, representing 0.98 per cent of the company’s total issued equity, were awarded for three consecutive years. This stock incentive program highlights the management’s big deal with the company.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.