High-quality coal resource performance rebounds with a significant increase of 73,202 million yuan in net profit to the mother, an increase of 27.56 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net profit attributable to the parent company owner is 857 million yuan, which is higher.
Cost compression performance during the period was more elastic, benefiting from the rise in coal prices, and significant growth in corporate incomes in the fourth quarter, which resulted in higher than expected growth in corporate performance throughout the year.
In a positive environment, corporate coal production reached 39.15 million tons, a further historic high; commercial coal sales were 36.24 million tons; combined coal sales cost was $341.41 tons, tons of coal cost 204.07, tons of coal cost to 137.37, and Māori to 40.22 per cent. The cost rate was significantly reduced during the period, falling by 4.93 hundred.
The three wells were selected for the first advanced mine in the country, six were selected for a level 1 safe and standardized coal mine with an advanced capacity of 34.5 million tons, and even if production was restricted again in the future, the impact on the company’s advanced capacity was relatively small.
The company, as the leader of a coal-blowing block, is a high-yielding, high-yielding mine with 100% mechanization and a good quality of power and metallurgical coal. It is a representative of the efficiency, sophistication and environmental efficiency of the industry.
The most elastic performance is generated by the return of coal prices. The company is already prepared to cut the less efficient s07905141001 co-mines under the flag, to mitigate the loss of the mine from its performance, and to clean up the load and help the company to make it lighter.
As capital investment increases, demand in the steel industry warms, storage in the steel mills is low, the price of metallurgical coal is expected to remain at the current level, driven by demand, and companies will benefit significantly from the steel recovery. Under supply-side reform policies, coal can no longer be produced.
The implementation of Open Source Securities Ltd. is expected to maintain coal prices at current levels as the supply and demand patterns improve further as the off-farm capacity continues to grow and the company, as a representative of the advanced capacity, will fully enjoy the double-prices associated with supply-side reforms.
In addition, as Shanxi's leading coal company, the San An Group reserves rich coal resources in Shanxi, Naymon, Xinjiang, etc., and the Group's high-quality assets are expected to be injected.
As a coal blowtorch, high-quality coal resources, efficient managerial capacity, greater performance and future assets of the Xianan flag are injected into expectations.
Fig. 1: I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to present this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I have been, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.