The short-term impact of the epidemic can be controlled, with a steady quarterly profit performance, transport and logistics forecast for the first quarter of 2022.
With a loss of profit, the net return to the mother is expected to be $9.5-1.10 billion (an increase of 196 per cent to 211 per cent over the same period), and the company ' s quarterly earnings are stable and in line with expectations, in the context of operating pressures caused by the containment of the disease.
The short-term impact of the epidemic can be managed as a whole, with multiple factors contributing to a steady performance in the first quarter. As a result of the embargo imposed on some of the core cities in China and Shenzhen in March, courier companies faced the challenges of less efficient operations and a decline in business, adding to the company’s initiative to improve the structure of its products and reduce its low hair.
As a result, we saw a 7.9 per cent drop in the company ' s overall volume in March, but it was timely for the company to receive, transfer, transport and deploy multiple links to upgrade its quarantine control measures, and to ensure that the transport and last kilometre of essential supplies for the population during the epidemic were fully secured by the capacity of the logistics services, which were diversified from the end to the end.
So far, the impact of the epidemic has been limited and manageable for companies. The company’s 22-year q1 performance and the reversal of the deficit have largely benefited from: 1) proactive adjustment of the product structure. Reduction of the volume of low-morier products: 2) maintenance of cost controls, efficiency of input output and technological improvements in resource use
Rate management, continued progress towards four-net accommodation, enhanced site, line resource integration and enhanced resource synergies across the business plate during the spring season; 3) equalized loss on new operations; 4) consolidated performance of the Jali logistics since the fourth quarter of 2021.
At this stage, the company’s overall capacity will be sufficient to meet its business development needs for a longer period of time, and we expect that in 2022 there will be a decline in corporate capital spending and an increase in asset utilization.
The main tone of the company's development this year is sound, and we anticipate a steady growth of the company's time-limited Express year-round, while the company will continue to enjoy four-fold accommodation and excellence.
The cost-efficiency benefits of fine-tuning operations are expected to be substantially restored in 2022. In the context of the epidemic, the Fountain Holdings - 002352-21 performance forecast: four quarters of profitable capacity has been quickly repaired, the supply of smooth logistics services has been strengthened in an irreplaceable way, and companies still have a strong moat.
3rd Quarterly Financial Reporting Review: 3rd Quarterly Profitability Review: 3rd Quarter Performance Pre-Assessment Review: 3rd Quarter Performance Review: 3rd Quarter Investment Recommendation: Maintenance of Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Purchase Ratings.
The first quarter of 2022 saw a positive gain compared to the same period in the previous year, and, against a background of pressure, the company’s quarterly earnings were stable and consistent with expectations.
The short-term impact of the epidemic can be managed as a whole, with multiple factors contributing to a steady performance in the first quarter. As a result of the containment of some of the core cities in China and Shenzhen in March, which are represented by the epidemic, courier companies face the challenges of operating efficiency, declining operations, etc., adding up to the company’s initiative to improve its product structure and reduce the volume of low-mori products.
The company’s 22-year q1 performance, compared to the q1 performance, has benefited mainly from: 1)
(b) A proactive shift in the product structure to reduce the volume of low Maori products; (b) adherence to streamlined cost controls, improved input efficiency, improved management of resource use efficiency in a scientific and technological manner, continued facilitation of four networks, enhanced integration of site and line resources, and enhanced resource synergies across the business blocks during the Spring Festival; and (c) a similar decline in new operations;
At this stage, the company’s overall capacity is adequate, it will be able to make a challenging economic environment, and the main tone of this year’s growth is robust, and we expect the company to be on a year-round schedule.
While robust growth is expected, companies will continue to benefit from the cost-efficiency benefits of four-bedged and refined operations, with a significant recovery expected in 2022. In the context of the epidemic, the inescapability of smooth logistics services has been strengthened, and companies still have a strong moat.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject