Centre for Resource and Environmental Research
On April 28, the Hwang Holdings issued the first quarter of 2022. The 2022q1 company achieved revenues of $62,984 million, an increase of 47.78 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $1,022 million, a decrease in the revenue from the increase in express delivery and a significant increase in the revenue from Gary.
Revenue was 39.6 billion yuan, a decrease of 1 per cent in the same year. Of that amount, q1 had a 2 per cent decline in its delivery volume as a result of the epidemic that affected parts of the country in March.
The rate is 10 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 pct over the same period. q1 companies received $16.3 per cent, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year, mainly due to their better product structure. q1 companies received $20.2 billion in revenue from supply chain operations, an increase of 784 per cent in the same year, and the high rate of growth was mainly a combination of Gary logistics.
2. Barriers are stifling, growth space is wide-ranging - smooth-consumption holdings are multi-pronged, with a q1-and-fail gain. q1 company Maori is 12.3 per cent in year, an increase of 5.1 pt; net interest rate of 2.32 per cent, an increase of 5.0 pt in year, and profit improvement is mainly due to: (1) continued concentration
(b) Core logistics strategy with emphasis on sustainable health development; (b) improved product structure to reduce the volume of low Maori products; and (c) maintenance of streamlined cost controls to improve input output efficiency, sustained progress towards four-net integration, enhanced integration of site and line resources, and enhanced resource synergies across the business blocks during the spring festival;
Improved profitability of operations, resulting in a year-on-year decline in new operations; (5) 2021q4 consolidation of Carri logistics; introduction of equity incentive schemes, which are expected to drive long-term growth in performance.
The equity incentive scheme is expected to align the core talent more closely with the interests of the stockholders and the company, while driving the company’s long-term business performance to continue to grow.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of significant increases in labour costs, failure to increase productivity utilization as expected Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment