A healthy quarter, with equity incentives for long-term development, transport, logistics, a year-on-year loss in the first quarter of 2022, meets expectations. $62.98 billion a quarter.
(+47.8%) The net profit to the mother is 1.02 billion yuan (the same period last year - 990 million yuan) and the net gain to the mother is 910 million yuan (the same period last year - 113 million yuan). A quarter has been forecast and performance is up to expectations. Against the background of more than three months of epidemic containment, the company's performance has been robust in the first quarter.
The management of the epidemic and the restructuring of products led to a slowdown in the growth of fast-moving logistics operations, with multiple factors contributing to a steady performance in the quarter. Some of the core cities represented in Shenzhen in the country in March were affected by the epidemic.
As a result of the imposition of seals and the challenges faced by courier companies in terms of reduced efficiency, declining volume of business, etc., the company has taken the initiative to adjust its product structure and reduce the impact of low Maori products, so we see the company ' s one-quarter maximum price/minimum price of 52 weeks.
The volume of fast-moving logistics operations and revenue growth decreased to -1.5 per cent and +2.7 per cent, respectively (2104 q1 growth rates, respectively) and continued to perform robustly, with the same-parity gains achieved, mainly as a result of: 1) proactive adjustment of product structures to reduce the volume of low-māori products; and 2) maintenance of streamlined cost controls to improve input output
Efficiency, technologically and technologically improved management of resource use, continued progress towards four-line accommodation, enhanced site and line resource integration, and enhanced resource synergies across the business plate during the Spring Festival; 3) Business-on-year reduction: 4) Merger of performance of the Jali logistics since the fourth quarter of 2021.
At this stage, the company as a whole has sufficient capacity to meet its business development needs for a longer period of time, and its capital expenditure has decreased by $440 million to $3.53 billion on a year-on-year basis. This year’s domestic epidemic has been of limited duration.
Assumptions, we expect that the company will still be able to achieve steady growth in its year-round prescriptions, while the company will continue to enjoy the cost-efficient benefits of a four-bedled and refined operation, and will achieve a large performance in 2022.
Division staff share mechanisms with owners to attract and retain high-quality core talent, build corporate capital.
Performance forecast for HSBC - 002352-21: four-quarters fast-tracking of profitability The firm's long-term growth is highlighted by the evaluation targets; Incentive plan costs are estimated in the bulletin
The impact of amortization on the cost of 22 and 23 years is estimated at around $200 million per year, with a low degree of impact. Performance forecast points for the first three quarters of Consistency Holdings - 002352-21: three-quarter performance loops. Investment recommendations: maintaining profit forecasts and maintaining “buy-in” ratings.
The first quarter of 2022 was a year-on-year loss and met expectations. The first quarter generated $62.98 billion ($1.13 billion over the same period last year).
Epidemic containment and product restructuring have led to a slowdown in the growth of fast-moving logistics operations, with multiple factors contributing to a steady performance. As a result of the containment of some of the core cities in China, represented by Shenzhen, in March, courier companies have faced reduced operational efficiency, reduced business volumes, and increased corporate ownership.
Product structure, reducing the impact of low-māori products. So we see that, against a backdrop of a single quarter of company rapid logistics operations and endemic closures that limit the operations of courier companies, the company ' s 22-year q1 performance remains robust and reversed, mainly as a result of: 1) proactive adjustment of its superior product structure to reduce the volume of low-māori products;
2) Upholding the process of streamlining cost controls, improving the efficiency of inputs and outputs, improving the management of resource efficiency in a scientific and technological manner, continuously promoting four networks of accommodation, strengthening the integration of resources in the field, and enhancing the synergy of resources across the operational panels during the spring season; 3) the same level of losses in new operations; 4) consolidation of the Jali logistics since the fourth quarter of 2021
At this stage, the company’s overall capacity is sufficient to meet its business development needs over a longer period of time, with the company’s capital spending falling by $440 million to $3.53 billion on a quarterly basis. Under the assumption that the epidemic will last for a limited period of time in the country this year, we will be able to reduce our overall capacity.
It is expected that the company will continue to grow steadily throughout the year, while the company will continue to enjoy four-fold accommodations and an annual equity incentive scheme aimed at creating and perfecting mechanisms for sharing the staff and owners of the company, attracting and retaining the best core talent, building on the company's human resource strengths, and keeping an eye on the company's continued rapid development.
(b) According to the estimates in the bulletin, the cost implications of the amortization of the cost of the incentive scheme for 22 and 23 years would be around $200 million per year, with little impact.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject