002352.sz Inter-district operation 2201 net profit-and-loss and increasing profitability on a quarterly basis
Incidents: The company published its first quarterly report for 2022: 22q1 generated 62,984 million yuan, an increase of 47.78 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net profit was 1,022 million yuan, with a loss of 989 million yuan during the same period the previous year, resulting in a reversal of the profit; and the net profit after deduction was 912 million yuan.
Improved profitability: Net profit of 22q1 was significantly reversed, with the combined Māori rate rising from 5.09 pct to 12.26 per cent, mainly as a result of: 1) Focusing on core logistics strategies, proactively fine-tuning the product structure and reducing the volume of low Māori products. According to business data from January to March, the company completed the first quarter of the year.
Reflecting the company's assessment of business volume more in terms of quality than speed, 2) stick to the benefits of this control, improve the efficiency of input output, enhance the efficiency of resource use by technology, promote continuous grid accommodation, enhance site, line resource integration, and enhance the financing of cross-practice blocks during the Spring Festival
Source synergies; 3) Improved profitability of operations, resulting in losses of new operations on a year-to-year basis; 4) combined, from 21q4 operations, the performance of logistics contributed $20,205 million in the supply chain and international operations a quarter, a 451 per cent increase. In addition, the combined cost rate decreased by 0.94 pct to 9.64 per cent, from sales to international operations.
March saw a small increase in single-ticket revenue over the same ring: according to the single-month data, in March 2022, the main battalion, the product mix, the city was blocked by the epidemic's containment effects, causing logistical traffic to appear in the cashier's transit site in the state of Garang.
Identification of cases and a small decline in business volume, but the return of single-ticket income to the same ring has continued to rise, as the Department has continued to refine product stratification, develop targeted market strategies, improve product structure, and raise the share of institutional investors in circulation a share
By the end of March, Garrett Logistics and Héné worked together to successfully win the global bid.
As a whole, brand synergies and multi-business synergies are expected to lead companies in terms of scale and coordination.
The same effect, consolidating the company’s leading position and competitive advantage in the integrated logistics track. Profit predictions: prices eased under tight policy regulation, industry began to compete with collusive services, and company direct modeling had a pregenital advantage.
In addition, it is expected that the first half of 2022 will see the pilot operation of the Australasia airport, which will provide a powerful engine of growth for the statute of limitations, international industry and the supply chain, the ability of companies to negotiate their products and optimize their costs, and the resilience of their performance. Taking into account the repeated outbreaks of disease in the country since March, and the rise in oil prices,
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.