Tigermed (300347 CH)
Expect business rebound in 2024E
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB68.57
Tigermed reported 2023 revenue of RMB7,384mn, up 4.2% YoY, and attributable
(Previous TP
RMB80.31)
recurring net income of RMB1,477mn, down 4.1% YoY. Revenue/ attributable
Up/Downside
29.1%
recurring net income missed our forecast by 2.9%/ 12.1%, respectively, mainly
Current Price
RMB53.10
due to shrinking COVID vaccine revenue, slowdown in global R&D activities,
China Healthcare
and contracted margins stemming from temporary pricing adjustments coupled
by relatively lower lab facility utilization. New orders signed in 2023 amounted
Jill WU, CFA
to RMB7.85bn, down 18.8% YoY, mainly due to ~RMB1.2bn reduction of COVID
pass-through orders. Nonetheless, the total backlog experienced a mild uptick
of 2.1% YoY, reaching RMB14.1bn by the end of 2023, which provides a solid
Benchen HUANG, CFA
foundation for sustainable growth. Management has observed early indicators
of a demand resurgence and anticipates that both revenue and attributable
recurring net income will achieve mid-teen growth in 2024E, signaling a robust
Stock Data
recovery from the previous year.
Early signs of demand recovery. Tigermed experienced heightened
volatility in client demand in 2023 due to subdued global biotech funding and
escalating competition in the clinical CRO market. However, management
Source: FactSet
has observed a positive shift in macro sentiment since late 2023, with
Shareholding Structure
biopharmaceutical funding in China exhibiting a significant sequential
rebound. In Jan-Feb 2024, Tigermend's new orders regained double-digit
growth, particularly in the US and Australian markets, according to the
Source: HKEx
management. With this trend to continue, management maintains a positive
Share Performance
forecast for full-year demand. Additionally, we want to highlight Tigermed's
promising growth potential in China's market as the government persists
with its supportive policies for domestic pharmaceutical R&D.
Well-progressing globalization strategy. The challenges of the industry
Source: FactSet
did not dampen Tigermed's commitment to globalization. Underpinned by a
12-mth Price Performance
growing and dedicated team of 110 PMs and CRAs, Tigermed's US clinical
operation saw rapid growth in revenue and backlog in 2023. Its localized
clinical operation team enables Tigermed to better capture opportunities
from both Chinese pharmaceutical companies looking to enter the US
market, as well as from US clients not fully served by global clinical CROs.
Tigermed acquired a Croatia-based clinical CRO, Marti Farm, in Jan 2023,
further bolstering its service capabilities in Europe. Tigermed has
Source: FactSet
established clinical teams in South Korea, Southeast Asia and Australia.
MRCT projects in 2023. We think a well-established global network will help
Tigermed in mitigating potential geopolitical risks.
Maintain BUY. We revised our TP from RMB80.31 to RMB68.57, based on
a 10-year DCF model (WACC: 10.95%, terminal growth: 2.0%), to factor in
slower projection of revenue and recurring net income growth. We forecast
Tigermed's revenue to grow 13.3%/ 17.7%/ 21.9% YoY and attributable
recurring net income to grow 14.2%/ 22.7%/ 27.4% YoY in 2024E/ 25E/ 26E,
respectively.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates.
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.