In 2022, the net profit of the track control system grew by 10.96 per cent for the mother, and in the first quarter of the year, 2,275 million yuan was collected for the 22q4 battalion, an increase of 1.93 per cent, and 1,032 million yuan for the mother.
The growth in performance was mainly due to the company’s promotion of project profitability, construction standards management, the same rate of increase in gross margins, and the same increase in the value of new external contracts, which led to an increase in operating income. By operations, systems delivery/design integration/equipment manufacturing/engineering contracts were separately generated.
In the area of deep-farming orbital transport control systems, the company now accounts for more than 70 per cent of the revenue. The company has developed three core systems delivery, design integration, equipment manufacturing, and a steady contribution of more than 70 per cent of the total revenue. 2022,73.12 per cent of the overseas market, the company relies on the “triple” of design research and development, equipment manufacturing and engineering services.
The company is well-placed, and is expected to benefit from a recovery in the tradable flow. The company’s total new contracts, both domestic and foreign, continued to grow throughout the year 2022, and the company is expected to benefit fully.
Total investment is expected to reach $3.5 trillion, and domestic rail infrastructure will remain at a high level. For the global railway industry, the Oxford Institute of Economic Research projects that total global rail investment will increase from $382 billion in 2020 to $565 billion in 2040, and that international railway infrastructure will continue to grow steadily.
Moreover, China’s Urban Orbital Transport Association data show that during the “14’s” period, our urban-track communications signal is expected to reach 22 billion yuan per year in size, and the signal control system is expected to reach about 10 billion yuan per year in size. With sustained growth in the country’s and abroad transhipment market, corporate demand is expected to increase steadily.
Investment proposals: The company is the leading global service provider of the orbital traffic control system, the country’s high-speed railways and urban orbital transport markets are well-established, and international influence is steadily rising to open up overseas markets. The current segment of the orbital traffic is recovering, companies are full of orders, and the size of the domestic and international orbital markets continues to grow.
The increase in performance was mainly due to the company ' s promotion of project excellence, standardized construction management, a rise in the Māori ratio, and the same increase in the value of new external contracts, which led to an increase in operating income. In the single quarter, the 2.204 company achieved revenue of $13.275 billion, a rise in the same ratio.
In 2022, the company ' s gross profit/net interest rate was pct, mainly because of an increase in labour, depreciation and safe production costs compared to the previous year, and the company ' s share of the cost of safe production.
Interest income decreased and fees increased. In 22 years, the company ' s R & D cost was 1.690 billion yuan, an increase of 3.13 per cent over the previous year, and the company continued to increase its investment in research and development for new products to strengthen its industry leadership.
Figure 6: China Chase Roe recovered from the world ' s leading provider of orbital traffic control systems, formerly the Ministry of Railways Communications and Signals Engineering Company, which was established in 1953 and whose main business is orbital traffic control.
Systems technology and its derivative applications have developed into a full-chain service capacity covering investment finance, design research and development, system integration, equipment manufacturing, engineering services, and operation maintenance, and have developed into a world-class orbital traffic control system solution provider. The company’s world-leading control technology is 150,000 km of railways and over 40,000 mb.
With security guarantees provided, over 60,000 high-iron test cases were established, exceeding the sum of multinational enterprises abroad. The high-quality opening of overseas projects such as Hungarian-Hungarian-Hanvan-Hungarian-Hungarian-Hungarian-Hungarian-Hungarian-Hung Kong-Tung-Tung, previously built by companies, which had won a good reputation for advancing offshore operations, the company is gradually becoming an important participant in the international orbital traffic control system.
In the field of deep-farming orbital traffic control systems, revenues account for more than 70%. The company has been focusing on research and exploration of orbital traffic control technology and its derived applications, and has now formed systems delivery, design integration, and equipment manufacturing.
In addition, the company is strategically oriented towards “responsible responsibility, innovative leadership, emphasis on mastery, diversity and synergy” and provides products and services such as trams, smart cities, electrical electrification and general contracting for engineering. In 2022, the company delivered/design integration/design.
In the area of high-speed railways, as of the end of 2022, the company ' s core products and services covered by the high-speed railway control system maintained the world ' s number one, with more than 95 per cent of the overall winning mileage of the country.
In the area of urban orbital transport, data for 2022 shows that companies won 22 of the 42 metro signal control system projects for which tenders have been opened, with more than 50% of the city’s share, maintaining their leading position in the area of urban orbital traffic control system solutions.
The company relies on the unique advantages of the entire industry chain of design R & D, equipment manufacturing, and engineering services, and continues to export our mature orbital traffic control technology overseas. Some of the products and technologies are exported to more than 10 countries and territories, including Asia, Africa, Latin America, and Europe.
Countries and territories such as Bolivia, Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Ethiopia, Angola, Argentina and others cooperate and deliver systematically, with increasing branding and international influence, and companies are well-placed and are expected to benefit from a recovery in the on-track flow. The total number of new contracts signed by companies throughout the year, 2022
At this stage of the recovery in on-orbit traffic, companies are expected to grow at an accelerated pace. Global investment in railway infrastructure will continue to grow as the size of the domestic and international rail markets continues to grow.
In addition, after years of development, our railway investment has shifted significantly from new construction to remodelling and transport support.
In the global railway industry, total global railway investment is projected to increase from $382 billion in 2020 to $565 billion in 2040, and the international railway base.
According to China's Urban Orbital Transport Association, during the “145” period, we will add 3,000 kilometres of urban orbital transport operations to maintain a higher level of investment.
The size of the signal market is expected to reach $22 billion a year, and the size of the signal control system is expected to be around $10 billion a year. The company is at the forefront of our urban transit control system solution, stabilizing its share of the market in the country's urban transit control system, which accounts for about 40% of the market share, benefiting from a definite increase in the mileage of our urban traffic, the company's urban track.
Business needs are expected to increase steadily, and the basis and results of the profit projection scenario provide the following assumptions for the profit projection model:
As a hypothetical assumption, we expect a public orbital traffic control system: the company is at the forefront of our orbital traffic control system, providing core control technology and equipment for more than 95 per cent of the irons in our already operational battalion, and occupying around 40 per cent of the country's urban orbital traffic control system.
The ultra-high market rate provides a solid basis for companies to upgrade and maintain their operations. General Engineering Contracting: The main contracting business of the company is to take over the construction of local government-led orbital transport infrastructure, facilities engineering, and smart cities.
We use both absolute valuation and relative valuation to estimate the reasonable value range of the company. The company’s deep-farm orbital traffic control system has for many years formed a complete industry chain in the field of rail control.
The only companies that can offer one-stop services ranging from investment financing to R&D design, equipment manufacturing, engineering services, and operation to maintain the entire industry chain have a higher market share in the country and a stronger competitiveness on the international market. We anticipate a steady growth in the future earnings of the company, with the following five-year valuation assumptions:
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive than the rate of wacc and constant growth, is presented in the table below. The Chinese Express mainly provides an industry-wide chain integration service for orbital traffic control systems and selects the main business products and operations.
Structure, business model, size of collection and size of industrial up-and-down industries in China with the same or close company 5.57-6.69 yuan. Corporations are the world ' s leading service providers of orbital traffic control systems, with a steady share of domestic high-speed railways and urban orbital transport markets
At this stage, the company is expected to benefit fully from the recovery of on-orbit traffic traffic, the company's stock of orders, and the growing size of the domestic and foreign tradable markets. We expect the public to benefit from a combination of absolute and relative valuation methods that together produce a reasonable value for the company in 2022.
The calculation of annual free cash flows, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the selection of tv assumptions and comparable company valuation parameters, the incorporation of many individual judgements, the consequent risk of deviations in the valuation, and the high 10-year free cash flow calculation, leading to an optimistic valuation;
The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, with the assumption that the no-risk interest rate is 2.78 per cent and the risk premium is 7.77 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and there may still be a risk of low estimation or take-off of these parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
Relative valuation: we have compared the relative valuation indicators of Chinese Chinese vehicles (601766.sh) and popular science (000925.sz) that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, and we have selected the average of comparable companies per in 2023, and our performance projections for companies are based on business growth and profitability assumptions, which involve an increase in revenue from new operations.
Assumptions such as speed, Maori rates, and time-cost rates are somewhat subjective and may and actually lead to deviations, leading to higher-than-actual forecasts of corporate profitability. Risk that technology research and development will not yield the desired results: the company is in a fast-track traffic control system industry
At the rapid pace of development, firms within the industry need to continuously improve, design and develop new technologies and products that are closely aligned with technological developments and household needs. Companies may run the risk of less than expected results in technology research and development if they experience delays in technology research and development, failure to meet market demands, and failure to keep pace with technological trends.
Risk of loss or penalty due to the quality of the product or service and the resulting production or operating accident: The company is the core business operating to ensure the safe operation of the national orbital traffic, which may involve the product of the orbital traffic control system or