Wall car (601633): Short core leads to sales, short-term pressure, product structure continues to optimize
Incidents: The Great Wall Cars published the February 2022 Express, which sold 70,792 vehicles in February, compared to 20.5% in February. For example, the Hover brand sold 41,994, corresponding to 31.2% in February; Wey Brand, a global-renowned suv manufacturing firm, maintains that “every one”
The business concept of 4,432 vehicles, i.e. +103.1 per cent; 11,637 cards, i.e. 23.1 per cent, i.e., the Great Wall; the Europins, a little bit more progress in the sky” has advanced corporate sales of 6,261, i.e. 15.1 per cent, and tank brands of 6,468, i.e. +96.0 per cent.
The industry culture and management team has created a unique business and management model, with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry, with short-term pressure on sales, mainly affected by chip shortages.
The company is actively promoting the development of a product by the company’s HQ and chip suppliers.
In the case of debt payments and cross-equity holdings, the Hafer Dog is the second heavy weight of the Hafer Dog.
Reecats, punk cats, lightning cats will be on the market, further enriching the company's product matrix in the pure electricity field; with regard to the wey brand, the mochadht-phev, with lemon mixing dht, was officially marketed on March 1st, the new energy market at the top of the card, and the dream will be launched during the year; with regard to the tank brand, positioning is in progress.
Large-scale commercial luxury tank 500 will be on the market on March 18th. The company’s new platform has a new 52-week stock price range, the vehicle type has a stronger product power, the end consumer has a higher degree of recognition of the company’s new product, and the new vehicle type is on board.
The city will further enrich the corporate product matrix. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we're looking at the pace of the company's new car type in 2022, total stock/flowa shares (million shares)
Growth; new energy technologies have not developed as much as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Automobile (601633): Short core leads to short-term pressure on sales, product structure continues to be optimized. Li Jinjin Nankai University has many years of experience in car and spare parts research and has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.