Great Wall Car (601633) Brand premium enhanced 24 January 2022, cost of disturbance performance
The Great Wall Automobile Company, a world-famous suv manufacturing company, has a sophisticated enterprise based on the concept of a business that makes "a little progress every day".
In the context of industry's lack of cores and the rise in raw materials, the company achieved business income and net repatriation in 2021, creating a unique business culture and management team.
We measure the business income of the company 2021q4 at $45.52 billion, or +10.6 per cent of the year, and the net return profit of the ring 2021q4 fell by the same year, and the cost side was largely affected by the rise in raw materials.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentation: Charges and equity incentive charges on the cost side that may be compensated for Eura user charging equity
In 2021, based on a new platform, the company built a new product matrix, created an autonomous, high-end cross-country tank, and launched Haf red rabbits, Haffers, Wei moka, Wei machidodht-phev, Wei latte latte dht, tank 300, Tan.
In 2021, the company sold 42 per cent of the new platform ' s model. With core technology, the company ' s brand premium capability increased, with the Wall ' s public information showing that average single car sales in 2021 exceeded $106.4 million, an increase of 14.5 per cent.
Institutional change and technological innovation build companies’ long-term core competitiveness. Companies have changed their bottom structure, moving from a “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user services operator” and a business model to a “product-plus-software-plus” that provides the basis for their effective exploitation of market demand.
Landing, currently lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen energy-related technology, 3.0t+9at/9hat superdynamic technology, etc., are already on the product, and the applications of cell technology, cobalt-free batteries, etc., will also be applied to the new energy stock/transita share (million shares)
Car models. During the critical period of electric intelligence change in the automobile industry, the company was an autonomous car company that had earlier transformed and landed its products in the circulation b/h (million shares), while the hot sales of the end market confirmed the strong market competition for the company's products.
In the long run, the Great Wall cars, which have accumulated core technology, are expected to accelerate the acquisition of the new track for the future. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies have been farming for years in the field of electric and intelligent growth, and in 2021, they have advanced the new cycle and accelerated their growth in the face of the rise of autonomous new energy sources.
The far-reaching effects of the structural changes at the bottom, and the long-term core competitiveness of technology-building.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Cars (601633). Increased brand premium capacity, cost-related disturbance performance Lee Jinxan Nankai University Master of Management, years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, worked in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, 2009-present.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.