The lack of core remains a problem with the January sales, and (i) the shortage of chips has affected the company’s output, which is weaker than sales, and the high-priced sales of cars, which are expected to open up profitable spaces. Haphe6 and Hapheus, as well as the 300 tanks, and the cannons of the Great Wall, are sold out by thousands every month.
The Huff brand sold 70,228 in January, Huff Dogs 7,826 per month, Huff Beasts sold 10,085 per month, less than two months on the market, with a cumulative volume of over 16,000. The tanks delivered 10,363 in January, an increase of 72.2 per cent compared to 2022, and the tanks will be upgraded through product innovation, service delivery and survival.
In January, 12,860 items were sold in pickup cards, of which 10,059 were sold in cannons from the Wall. In 2022, the Great Wall cannons were going to be active in fashion, commercial, multi-use recreation, and new artillery items were launched.
(ii) In the area of new energy, Ola brands sold 13,229 in January, an increase of 28.9 per cent compared to the previous year. Ola good cats sold 9020 in January, an increase of 333.4 per cent compared to the previous year. In 2022, products such as Eura Ballet, Eurapeake and Eura Flash Cat will gradually be on the market, contributing to the continuous breakthrough in the sale of the Ora brand.
Ballet cats hit female consumers at a price of $1.52 million and are expected to be on the market in the first half of the year, lightning cats are expected to be neutral, selling around $200,000, and are expected to be on the market in the second quarter of 2022. Punk cats are expected to be on the market later than lightning cats as the Ora flagship.
(iii) New cars will continue to be branded upwards, and more will be expected from overseas. It is expected that new items such as Hafko Dogs, Haverh 6phev, Wey Dreams, and Tank 500 will continue to be launched in 2022, and companies will continue to sell and lead the brand upwards. In addition, in 2022, the company will have more flowers from overseas.
Ra, the Great Wall pickup will also drive more cars abroad, plowing into niche markets such as Russia, Australia, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Chile, while continuing to actively explore more overseas markets such as Europe, Thailand, etc. Investment advice: companies are the leading domestic auto brands, and the market is excellent in suv and pickups.
New platforms, new technologies, and a significant increase in corporate production power, differentiated competitive strategies provide a solid basis for a substantial rise in the volume of products. We expect that corporate net return profits in 2021-2023 will be pressure on the cost of energy cars; and that macroeconomic growth will slow down.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.