The Great Wall's performance forecast - the determination of the transformation of the Global Smart Technology Corporation (GSST) event: the company published its 2021 performance report, which received $13.3 billion a year in revenue.
Non-occupational costs affect four quarters of performance.
Internationally traded cars are growing in bicycles, single-car rates, single-car net profit rates, which match the growth in corporate sales and benefit from the industry’s “tight balance” of demand-deprived multiplicity of products, which is historically high. Sales are the most central business indicator for car companies.
The 2021 Great Wall cars continued to lead the traditional suv, pickups, and in areas such as net cross-country stock/flow (millions of shares) suv, pure electric sedans, where tanks 300, Olysses and cats became separate.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) is a star-car type in a self-segregated area, reflecting a company ' s outstanding performance at the core level of business, up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
This is the most central business performance of the Great Wall in 2021. The Great Wall Car (601633) will remain a product year in 2022.
The White Woo team, the three-quarterly review of the Wall's car -- the roll-out of the list, with Haf, Pikka rolling a smooth pace, Ora, wey, tanks, Sharon, with high-season innovation and high-quality growth.
A large number of cars will be rolled out, reflecting the systemic leadership of corporate car-type R&D and listing. The Great Wall Car (601633), “Advanced Global Smart Technology,” is a two-way shift.
In the Long Wall Cars, smart electric power changed the path of the industry, and the Wall used to be a global vehicle.
The company’s followers are progressing, encroaching on the share of joint ventures in the domestic market. The Great Wall now needs to rise significantly at an average price.
Great Wall Cars (601633) "Inputs are necessary, especially smart cars, electric car-related talent, technology development is strategic recommendation 2021."
The Wall has taken the lead, and the investment efficiency of the Wall for a long time has been:
Investment proposal: We expect the company to return to the mother in 22/23 years net profit of $9.5 billion/12.5 billion each, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.