The multi-brand strategy launched a strong product cycle, full technological transformation, 25/01/2022 event: 23 January, the Wall Cars released a 2021 performance report.
\triangleright has improved product structure and brand premium capacity is expected to continue to grow. \triangleright, based on company equity incentives, \triangleright
In the long run, such cost inputs will build companies’ long-term competitiveness, and brand premium capacity will continue to grow as collection and sales continue to fall downhill.
The strong product cycle continued, multi-brand strategies and hybrid technologies grew in 2022. \triangleright 2021, corporate multi-brand strategies landed, Hophet, Haver Red, good cat gt, wey moka, Ma
1. The Great Wall car (601633) was delivered in the first month of its listing in December 2021; the tank was listed in 300/500, which is now on hand orders.
150,000; Great Wall Picard has been the country's top export sales for 24 years, with nearly 50% of the city's share. In 2022, the company's strong product cycle continued, with Eura Ballet/Punk/Molnley cat, tank 700/800, Golden Kong Gun, 2.
Fast-forward review: strong product cycles continue, sales in February, multiple high-end new cars such as Sharon's branded machine, multi-brand strategy and dht hybrid technology are on the market, 3.
The electrical smart industry chain layout accelerates, technology shifts to full-scale product empowerment. In electricization, the beehive \triangleright quick-reflection: the heat of the hot-marketed car is on the line, leading to January.
In 2021, energy produced the world’s first cobalt-free battery, and in the future it will focus on a global short-cut system covering cobalt-free, three-dollar lithium and phosphate lithium chemical systems. In terms of intelligence, coffee intelligence 2.0 has been completely upgraded and now 4.
In September 2021, MMI released the best calculation of current global yield from the Great Wall Car (601633): the impact of the epidemic has been on the downside.
Motion-driving computer box 3.0 with high-speed pilot-assisted driving landings, noh production of smart pilot-associated driving systems on the market in November, and urban/full-scale noh functions planned for 2022. The company ' s technological transformation will achieve full product empowerment, and the autonomous leader is expected to achieve a new high-quality cycle.
\triangleright promotes differential competition and electric intelligence development, and wey, tanks, Ora, among others, will launch new multi-car models that are expected to become new performance growth points and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.