The value of the brand premium has continued to rise, with a flat annual profit spread Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) of $1 billion, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year, and net return return of $1.84 billion, a decrease of 33 per cent in the same year.
• The average price of bicycles has continued to rise, with a flat annual profit spread. In 2021, the company achieved an increase of 15 per cent in the sales structure of 1.28 million new vehicles, with a gradual improvement in the sales structure of the company, which represents a 40 per cent breakthrough compared to the projected new platform model, benefiting from an improvement in the marketing structure of the company.
The average vehicle price reached $115,000, benefiting mainly from higher value-added product sales such as tanks, good cats, higher company prices compared to the trend of 300 depths, and recovery of terminal discounts, which are expected to continue to improve at the corporate level.
During this period, the company’s performance has been hampered by increased costs, mainly from increases in employee remuneration, equity incentives, and the Eurasia event. • The new car cycle continues to ferment, with full power in 2022.
The company’s five major brands continue to work, the Hover and Picard brands are growing steadily, and wey, Ora, and Tank brands are expected to increase their sales rapidly. Wey brands have been completely upgraded, with high-end smart positioning of mocha, machito, latte, etc., while companies will have multiple Wey brands in 2022.
On the market, the company's short-boards in sedans, mpv, etc. will be completed in terms of class. The tank brand will be independent, the tank 300 will create a new cross-country ecology, the tank 500 orders will be strong, and the public brand will continue to rise.
New cars are being delivered at a slower pace than expected: new energy operations are not expanding as much as expected. 1. Sales are steadily increasing, and new models continue to be released.
2. Improved marketing structure and a steady increase in the average price of bicycles
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.