The Great Wall vehicle (60163.sh) sold in February equal to 20.5 per cent, and the model structure continued to move towards high-end development.
20.5 per cent, ring ratio - 36.3 per cent, with the exception of Wey and Tank brands, which in 2021 were in the cycle of renewal and gradual roll-out of new models, recorded a higher rate of increase in February 2022 below the low base, while sales of the three remaining brands declined in February.
The fall in sales was influenced by spring season on the one hand, and some of the new models were not available due to chip supply constraints and material shortages on the other. During the strong product cycle, we thought the chip was a short-term disturbance, and we still looked forward to the new vehicle roll-out, which led to higher sales, higher-end structure, and intelligent growth.
• The ability of black cats, white cats, etc., to make a profit is affected by the shortage of chips, the increase in battery prices and the fall of new energy car subsidies. According to the official app of Ola, the company currently has a backlog of 20,000 black cat/white cat orders.
In many cases, companies and distributors have suspended orders to secure the supply of materials for subsequent high-end vehicles. Short supplies have prevented the company ' s launch in 2021 of a new-style Hophet, lattes, and adapted cat sales of 5009, lattes and 4066 cats, respectively, in February 2022.
• Three technology branded vehicles accounted for 75.1 per cent of the total, with a larger number of new vehicles showing up in January-February 2022, with the company ' s smart model rising to 88.1 per cent, and lemon, tank and coffee intelligence three.
Technically branded vehicles accounted for 75.1 per cent of the total, and on 1 March 2022 Mochadht-phev was officially listed, with a 32 per cent increase, and the structure of the vehicle continued to break upwards.
The company’s vehicle structure is expected to continue to move up-end and intelligently, as the vehicle type continues to be on the market. Thousands of new cars, multiple new models, hand over bright report cards -- +9.32%, tank 500 aid brand high-end.