Wall car (601633) Short core impact, end-of-life sales, accelerated deployment of the offshore market Wall car
Events: The Great Wall Cars published the January 2022 Express, and the company sold 111,778 vehicles in January, corresponding to 19.6 per cent, and the Hafer brand sold 70,228, corresponding to 25.7 per cent in January; Wey Brand, a globally renowned suv manufacturing firm, held in “Every”.
The business concept of the Great Wall, with 5,098 vehicles, corresponding to 15.0 per cent; 12,860 cards, corresponding to 42.2 per cent; Euraian Progress, with advanced brand sales of 13,229 vehicles, corresponding to 28.9 per cent; and 10,363 tanks, corresponding to +72.2 per cent.
The industry culture and management team created a unique business and management model, with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry, with short-term pressure on sales, mainly influenced by chip sensibilities.
The downside is mainly affected by a shortage of chips, and the company’s four-drive type has a higher demand for the chip. The new platform’s main vehicle is sold, and the new cycle will continue in 2022.
10,085, Euratom 9,020, Tank 300, 10,363. We believe that the new vehicle under the new platform has a stronger product power, and the end-user's recognition of the company's new product.
The year-on-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-the-year-on-Hover, the Hafer-Coo Dog is the second-on-the-heavy-type. On the O-La brand, the listing of the ballet cat, punk cat, lightning cat will further enrich the company's product matrix in the pure electricity field. On the Wey brand, the mochadht-phev, which carries a lemon mix of dht, has been opened.
In January, the company sold 12,750 vehicles abroad, started production in the second half of 2023, with an annual capacity of 100,000, which will be re-radiating the entire Latin American region in the future.
The company’s profit forecast and investment rating: we're looking at the company’s pace of release of the new model in 2022, and the firm’s deep layout on the chain of electric and intelligent industries is expected to be its core competitiveness.
The Great Wall Car (601633): Short core affects short-term sales, speeds up the deployment of overseas markets, the growth of the East's financial resources.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall Car (601633): Short core impacts short-term sales and accelerates the deployment of overseas markets.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.