At the height of the brand, the peak price of the brand rose steadily in 2022 and the cost was spread thinly. Ten thousand dollars, or 14 per cent more than the year, benefited mainly from the increase in the share of high-value-added products and the lack of cores.
The company realizes a net profit return of $1.84 billion in the fourth quarter, a decline of 33% compared to the previous quarter, mainly due to the increase in employee remuneration, the introduction of equity charges and the recovery of equity incentives.
Corporate prices are at a percentage point relative to the trend of 300 deep, largely influenced by rising raw materials and rising employees’ salaries. • New vehicle reserves remain rich, with a peak in 2022.
Based on the company ' s equity incentive targets, the company ' s 2022 sales target is 1.9 million, of which the Hover and Pika brands are growing steadily, and wey, Ora, and tank brands are expected to increase rapidly. In 2022, the company will be listed with a number of Wey brands.
The brand of tanks is independent, and the model of the car, such as the Bounty Car, will be marketed successively. The Oula brand product class has broken upwards, with new products such as lightning cats, ballet cats, and ponkey cats playing a 15-300,000 market to make up for the company’s short-end market in pure electricity.
New vehicles are being delivered at a slower pace than expected; new energy operations are taking on less than expected risks. 1. Brand premiums continue to rise, costs are spread throughout the year. 3. Improved marketing structure and vehicle averages have steadily increased
In 2021, the company achieved a sales volume of 1.28 million, an increase of 15% compared to the previous year. By category, the sales of the company ' s Hover and Picard items remained stable, with a slight increase. Wey brands achieved a sales volume of 58,000, a decline of 25% compared to the previous year, and 2021 was the first year of the migration of the Wey brand, with the company launching mocha, latte, ma, respectively.
New models like Kido, smart and high-end positioning, followed by Wey brands, will expand the number of cars, and will gradually build up the company’s new dht hybrid system, leading to a full-scale increase in the competitiveness of branded vehicles. Tanks and Ora brands are growing fast.
85,000 vehicles, simultaneously influenced by a lack of core, have accumulated a large number of orders from tanks 300 to achieve product-driven brand development. Euro brands have benefited from the rapid development of new energy vehicles, with 135,000 vehicles sold in 2021, an increase of 10,000 yuan, or 14 per cent, compared to the increase in the share of high-value-added products, and the impact of missing cores.
In 2021, the company realized a net return of 6.73 billion yuan, an increase of 25 per cent, and in the fourth quarter of the year, a net return of 1.84 billion yuan, a decrease of 33 per cent. The main reason was the increase in employee remuneration, the introduction of equity and equity incentives and the deduction of the impact of one-time costs.
The profit level for the fourth quarter of the post-company is expected to be the same as in 2020.
Chart 7 shows the evolution of the profits of the bicycles over the years. New car planning. In 2022, the company issued a number of new cars covering all product categories of the company.
Wey brands will build on existing models to further refine the product categories, which involve cars, suvs, and mpv. Eura brands will upgrade the company’s new energy model from the mini-car market to the mainstream market, the lightning cat, and mpv.
New products such as punk cats, ballet cats, etc. are on the market. Huaann Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covers New and Automobile Industries. Song Wai-jung: Five Years of Automobile Industry Research Experience, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.