The first-ever coverage of Eastern Wealth (300059) The first-ever coverage of the report The first-ever integrated money-sharing platform: Eastern wealth is the leading global Internet finance in the country.
The service platform, with the “Oriental Wealth Network” at its core, is gradually turning to a three-tier system of flow flows: the company's starting vertical finance, the three main platforms of the Eastern Wealth Network, Space-based Gold Network and stock cafés are interlinked and accumulated large numbers of users.)pcend: 2012
To date, Eastern wealth page views (pv) and usages have always led the industry, of which the market value of the share of circulationa (billion yuan) peaked at 140.769 million/week in 2015 at the sum of the main financial and economic sites at pv.
Two times; 2) mobile end: the company’s current 12 million app-months leads the big coupons. Gradually, the foundation’s industry leads: the Sky Fund network takes the lead in obtaining a three-way pass, and the industry’s expansion is becoming the platform’s leader.
In the context of increased industry competition, prices have fallen from a four-fold discount to a one-per-cent discount, but companies have continued to expand the scale of sales to $525,162 million in 2018, with a stronger flow stickyness, and the creation of a public fund subsidiary with the prospect of future sales integration and higher profits.
Retail securities booming: companies moved into securities operations in 2015 and have since emerged rapidly against bond dealers, while companies have reached 1.26 per cent of the market share, ranking 20th in the industry, and will continue to grow as companies grow their capital.
At this point, the company’s retail securities business and fund sales operations are expected to break out, and the resonance between the two will lead to high performance elasticity. In addition, the company is actively developing a variety of financial areas, such as public fund-raising, small loans, letters, private fund-raising, and integrated financial eco-development.
Risk factors: stable macroeconomic risks; compressed flows of mobile end-of-side companies; increase in the share of public brokers, mixed markets, as expected.
Corporate overviews: The country’s leading integrated money exchange platform Eastern wealth is the country’s leading integrated Internet financial services platform. With the “Orient wealth network” at its core as a flow system, companies are actively transforming the integrated financial services platform to achieve multi-level liquidity.
Financial e-commerce, retailing of securities are at the core of the development model, supported by diversified finance such as small loans, futures, factoring, etc. 1.1 Development journey: initial vertical finance, gradual financial entry.
The three main financial and financial networking platforms of the Sky Fund Network, which provide vertical information services, community interaction, and base information services, form a complete flow system. With the rapid expansion of client sizes, companies are listed on their business boards in 2010, obtaining substantial equity financing while increasing the impact of capital markets.
The company’s market share in brokering and blending has increased rapidly since then, and has become more competitive in the area of retail vouchers over the last two years.
Companies are actively expanding their license plates, acquiring letters of credit, small loans, public funds, etc., and continuously adding codes to the diversified financial layout. Chart 2: Eastern wealth lines and major participating companies 1.2 Corporate structure: flat- level management + structure is improving
The company ' s major shareholders and the real owners were the founders (formerly Shen Jun), whose share share share was 23.81%. The second and third shareholders, respectively, had roots (paternity) and Luli (wifeship) in their unit of action, and the three holders together held 29.57% of the shares.
In terms of equity incentives, the company undertook two separate equity incentive schemes in 2011 and 2014. The first equity incentive covered senior and middle-level managers, as well as technical cadres, and effectively benefited shareholders, companies, and core employees.
Merited and enhanced the stability of corporate executives and core teams.2 Financial performance: high performance rate, significant cost advantage 2.1 overall performance: on high growth track
The growth in net profits of parent companies has also been more than 10 times higher. The strong growth in the two indicators has been largely due to the outbreak of fund sales, which boosted company performance.
In the case of the overall weakness of the first and second-tier markets, the performance was more robust and the equity operations slowed down, but the Fund ' s operations picked up, resulting in the firm ' s overall performance being far better than that of the securities firm as a whole.
2.2 Financial characteristics: The identity of the voucher provider is clear and the cost advantage is becoming apparent The year when the company’s performance erupted has two contributing factors. The first is the overall upturn, the fund’s sales are hot, and the second is the good synergy after the company’s acquisition of the Tibetan peer securities, and the new bondmaker’s attributes have led to an acceleration of the company’s performance.
In 2016, the Fund ' s market position followed the second-tier market, with the Fund ' s sales falling sharply, and the collapse of securities operations led to a significant decline in corporate performance. Taken together, the bond dealers ' own strong market linkages, the accumulation of funds, and the amplification of sales, led to a clear strong beta properties for companies.
The division shows a greater amplitude in comparison with the traditional bond plate, which is expected to rise at a high level of market peaks, but also to be vigilant in the search for the market valley. It moves from a light asset voucher (led by a single securities broker) to a consolidated retail voucher (taking into account the mixed, pledge business)
With $459 million in self-financed funds and $141 million in partial fund-raising a year, a total of $600 million is being replenished from Eastern securities. Two fund-raising exercises have led to a first reduction in leverage multipliers and to an overall upswing. While corporate leverage multiples have declined in 2018 as a result of a contraction in the size of the pledge, it is expected that, given the higher leverage levels of other listed dealers,
Companies are more likely to continue to raise their debts in the next phase, and there is still room for leverage multipliers.
The company’s cost management index continued to rise significantly, reaching the top of the industry, according to the securities firm’s ranking for 2017. Between 2015 and 2017, the company’s cost-management capacity rose from industry to industry, reaching 1.78 in 2017, leading the industry and well above the industry’s average value of 1.05, demonstrating a cost-side advantage.
Specifically, the cost management capacity = (business income - return on investment - gain from fair change in value)/business expenditure, where companies are ahead of the target because of a molecular focus on non-investment-type business income and effective control of operating expenditure at the denominator. For 2018, sales costs for companies fell by 4.1 percentage points to 8.3 per cent.
The share of management costs declined by 12.2 percentage points to 38.2 per cent, and the cost rate continued to show a marginal downward trend. The share of advertising business declined from year to year, while revenue from e-commerce services rose to 10.78 per cent.
Figure 12: Changes in income from Eastern wealth operations (%) Overall, the core profit points of Eastern wealth have evolved in recent years, reflecting the firm's strategic level
In the next part, we will look at the four stages of the flow base, the liquidity of funds, the liquidity of securities and the exploration of integrated finance, in a step-by-step analysis. Figure 13: A map of the strategic development of Eastern wealth
The starting point of the company's operations is an exchange service platform with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core.
The three sub-platforms of wealth networks, sky funds networks, stock cafés cut into user demand in three directions: finance news, fund research, and equity interactions, respectively, providing a richer experience of financial services than those of competitors during the same period. The synergies between the three are stronger, and integrated flow ecology is more efficient in terms of access, diversion, and sedimentation.
Figure 14: The Eastern wealth flow system has evolved over the years, and the company’s three-tier platform model has matured to become a top-level competitive player in the area of financial flows. For example, the main site, the Eastern Wealth Network, is the China Internet Information Centre, whose statistics show that the country’s three-dimensional platform is becoming more competitive.
The weekly average page views (pv) of the Eastern Wealth Network since 2012 are well above all major competitors (including the new wave, the search for foxes, the three Internet portals, the financial section of the Internet, and professional financial websites such as the news, finance, etc.), with a peak performance of 140.769 million per week in 2015, twice as high as the sum of the main competitor at the time, pv, and in the area of financial flows at the pc end)
The average weekly visit lasted as long as 98,733.1 million hours, leading the same kind of website, and the second new wave of finance averaged 58,843.31 million hours over the same period.
There are two main reasons why the company has been able to take over. 1) Externally, the Eastern Network of Wealth was born at a time when it helped to develop early. Four years before the company was founded, in 2000-2004, the Internet grew in size, rising from 11 to 11 million people over four years from 9 to 11 million.
The rapid rise to 7.9% in new waves, search for foxes, web portals, and the rapid rise of financial sections under the banner. But, given the limited overall growth of financial and economic website users at the bottom of the market, the financial and economic website’s model has not broken out, and the portal finance website, which is represented by the new wave, has not established a substantial pre-emptive advantage.
Since its establishment in 2015, the Eastern Wealth Network has built on the wind of the day, which began late, but has still formed. 2) The co-development of the stock cafés and the Sky Fund has shaped the competitiveness of differences. Early vertical finance sites have largely followed the concept of “technology supremacy” or “content is king” but have a client experience and client detail.
Sub-needs have not been studied in depth. And companies have captured the needs of customers in the financial field and investment funds, and have introduced stock cafes and the Sky Fund Network, creating a distinctly differentiated service. Specifically: (a) stock bar, which shapes the ugc properties and enhances the flow stickyness. By reference to the organizational form of the " stick-up " , the share bar is divided by the name of the unit.
The biggest feature of the stock bar is that the user content is original. In the site of the ugc attribute, the user is autonomously producing the original output, while discussing feedback, the interaction between the two greatly enhances participation.
The website covers information about the Fund, product information (presentation, net value, valuation) and road show information, while providing a one-stop fund search and comparison function that greatly improves the efficiency of the Fund’s own investments.
In the fast-expanding period of the foundation company, the auxiliary investment function of the website caters well to the needs of a wide range of investors, and the attractions are significant. More importantly, the two sites and the Eastern Wealth Network are highly interconnected, and a significant portion of the Eastern Wealth Network flows can be made more sticky at stock cafés and the Daily Fund Network, which each acquires.
With a greater probability of leading back to the Eastern Wealth Network, the easy trio ecology has a slight lag in the visible 3.2 mobile end layout as the leader of the financial information service pc end flow, while the company has a relative lag in the layout of the mobile end.
As of June 2015, there were 3.140 million, 1552 million and 6.21 million active users of Eastern wealth, homogeneity, and wisdom, respectively. That is to say, at the same time that companies are rapidly rising at the end of pc, the flow of mobile ends lags far behind that of the main competitor, the homogeneity and wisdom.
By the end of 2018, the difference between the company’s and the same flower’s app monthly activity was 12 million and 3594 million, respectively, and the difference is still clear. Moreover, on the securities service app list, apart from the homogeneity that preceded it, the subsequent booming fortunes of the company and the Qintai.
As traditional coupons speed up the construction and optimization of mobile end-of-end platforms, the market competition for securities service apps is intense. The momentum is particularly strong in the Internet-based conversion of Chinese securities. 2018 annual reports show that the cumulative downloads of the Valium Treasure Terminal under the Volkswagen flag have reached 45,691.71 million.
The proportion of people who have gone through the application (which accounts for the total opening) reached 98.78%, the trades reached 87.34%, and the average monthly activity reached 6.63.6 million (cagr 30,81%) in 2018, which is at the top of the class of coupons. The data from the easy-to-show data show that the monthly activity of $7,128.8 million in the year ended 2018 was almost equal to that of wisdom (the length of time spent has been overtaken).
The gap with the Eastern Wealth Network app has also narrowed initially.
We believe that, now that the age of mobile connectivity has reached 98.60% of the total number of Internet users in late 2018, the pc end advantage has ceased to exist, and as the 5g network progresses, the mobile end will become the focus of online traffic competition. Taken together, the flow and sticky flows under the current corporate flag are still leading competitors.
However, there is a clear lag behind the preponderance. Whether companies will be able to maintain the flow advantage by successfully transferring the pc end to the mobile end will be a major challenge in the next stage of development.4 Financial liquidity is one of the first outbreaks of fund sales.
Fund sales are the first key flow of wealth in the East. With the high-quality user resources accumulated by the Sky Fund Network and two other platforms in the early years, companies seize the opportunity of industry expansion and quickly become the leader of third-party sales, end of 4.1 fund-raising, and third-party sales.
According to data from the National Statistical Office, the population’s demand for asset management has expanded with the rapid growth of income and wealth in 2014-2018. According to the Funders’ Association, the overall size of the market has grown nearly 1.5 times over the past five years, despite the fact that it is new for 2017-2018.
The regulatory effect of the regulations has led to a contraction of the corridor operations and a significant slowdown in market growth, but as the industry moves towards a proactive management transformation, the growth in the size of the capital is expected to pick up steadily. In the capital master plan, public funds have always been an important component, better than the growth rate in the capital sector, mainly because they are subject to the new regulations.
As the size of the equity market rises, its distribution channels are also changing rapidly, from a pre-existing situation of bank sales to a pattern of direct sales, bank sales, voucher sales, and third-party sales.
The size of the third-party platform is due, inter alia, to: (a) the prevalence of the customer base and the high efficiency of the platform ' s front-loading under diversion; and (b) the relative technical and service advantages of traditional channels, where good purchasing experiences can trigger a reputational effect;
(c) Relatively low rates are more attractive to price-sensitive customers and are easy to absorb low net-value customers. 4.2 Upwards and downwards, leading companies in 2012 to become the first institutions to be awarded license plates by the CVM to third-party public funds.
At the upstream end of the product line, companies have worked extensively with foundations to expand their product banks. Between 2012 and 2015, the number of fund companies working with the Sky Fund network increased from 41 to 128, while the number of online fund products went from one to another.
681 increased to 6,470 and the number increased almost tenfold. According to Wind, 98,48% and 95.45% of the Fund’s products are currently covered by the Fund, respectively, and are in the forefront of the industry.
Figure 26: Eastern Wealth Fund Corporation/product coverage at the downstream end of sales, where high-quality flows add up to the market landscape, leading to an outbreak of scale. The Network’s flow of resources is the basis for sales sales, and since its inception, the site has built up a large number of target clients who are oriented towards the Fund’s investments.
Matching sales can be considered water-to-water. According to the company's annual report, the average daily page views on the 2018 website reached 5.62 million (7.63 million trading days: 1.61 million non-trading days): 22.31 minutes of average daily use by users: volume of traffic and stickyness are maintained at high levels. With an increasingly rich product base and a high-quality flow base, companies sell.
Motivating sales to attract customers, further magnifying the beta effect, with sales surged by 22348%, breaking by $70 billion, and laying the industry’s edge. Despite the contraction of the size of the industry in the following year, for the last two years, figure 30: Institutional sales rankings in 2017 (billions)
4.3 Batj's entry into the market has led to increased competition in the industry. In 2016, the giants joined the market for surrogates, with two main effects: 1) the entry of ant gold into the market has created a price war and reduced the overall profit space of the industry.
Under the Portfolio Investment Fund sales cost management provisions, the third-party sales agency’s requisition rate may not be lower than the four-fold discount of the base price. Although the CSRC has since amended the Regulation in June 2013 to liberalize the four-fold discount, most third-party sales agencies have implicitly maintained the four-fold discount price, avoiding price wars that would reduce profit margins.
In 2016, with Ali’s ants in stock-for-quantity funds, the latter, as the market’s latecomers, took the lead in a price war, reducing the four-point cut of the pre-consensual benchmark price to one-to-a-half, and reaping customers at a huge price advantage. And the post-third-party fund sales platform was under pressure to follow the price battle and launch a sales strategy of up to one-to-a-half.
Companies are no exception. Third-party surrogate profits are starting to fall across the board in the context of a sharp fall in the requisition rate.
The share of the Fund’s sales costs in the management fee is a tail commission, which is calculated daily from the Fund’s assets in proportion to the size of the Fund’s sales and the agreed percentage of withdrawals. The amount of tail commissions depends on the ability of the Fund’s sales agencies to negotiate with the Fund’s companies.
Gold sales agencies dominate, have a high market share, have a little market pricing power, and have a strong voice in the share of tail commissions. Taken together, the combined rate of daily fund sales has declined in recent years.
The market’s leading position, with a discounted requisition rate and a higher share of tailings, allows companies to maintain a combined rate of 0.33%. But after 2016, there was a huge increase in cross-border payments, as a result of weak market performance and price wars, and the company’s combined fees.
Jingdong (Kentre), Tung Tseng (Teng An), Pedu (100 yen) are also entering, bringing together third-party markets for marketing, and the overall competitive environment is becoming more intense. The most obvious advantage of the big traffic is still Ali and Tseng, on the one hand, where the flow of mobile ends is already in a significant lead position. As of January 2019, an appliance for payment of treasures and micro-letters was created.
In the last three years, the market for third-party mobile payments has expanded rapidly, and the total amount of payments has been less than 6 trillion at the beginning of 2016.
The sum rose to 47 trillion yuan by the end of 2018, of which 53.78% were paid, 38.87% were paid by micro-credit, and less than 8% were paid by all other competitors. Indeed, thanks to these advantages, the wealth and wealth of the ants under the banner of the two companies has risen rapidly.
In terms of ant wealth, according to data publicly disclosed by the Platform, the number of registered users at the end of 2017 was more than 180 million, and the users were active in high positions. In January 2019, the Vice-President of the Ants Gold Clothes Wealth Group, Ming, publicly stated that the number of users of ant wealth finance had increased by 210% in 2018 compared to 110% in the same year.
The details have not yet been disclosed, but the ants’ wealth has been largely + high growth paths have been established. The finance manager, Xiaomin, was also publicly released in January 2019, and currently has more than 150 million users and more than $500 billion in capital holdings.
On the whole, the Sky Fund Network has a certain disadvantage in the competition of the big flows, and the company’s share in the fund’s sales will expand or slow as the ant wealth, treasury management and the flow of third-party payments will continue.
In May 2015, the company issued an announcement to set up a fully-owned Eastern Wealth Fund with over $200 million in over-financing investments.
Management Limited, extending its operations to fund raising, fund sales, asset management, and extending upstream from downstream sales to the production chain. In October 2018, the CSRC formally approved company applications.
By creating a public fund management company, the company has successfully extended its operations to upstream product development, and is expected to achieve a market-based increase in the fund’s management costs based on operational synergies.
Revenue, while opening up new development paths to the Sky Fund Network.5 Financial liquidity bis: Retail securities show a bright eye 5.1 focuses on brokering and blending
By purchasing 100% of the Tibetan equivalent securities in 2015, the company acquired full-size licensing qualifications for its securities business. In terms of the type of business, the ratio of portfolio brokerage and credit operations among companies has been increasing in recent years. The annual report 2018 shows that the share of the company ' s brokering income has reached 58.08%, while interest income has reached 34.09%.
Other operations include futures, capital management, investment banks, financial consultants, investment consultancies, and a shrinking share of total income to 7.83 per cent, showing that companies are currently pooling resources into securities retailing operations, thus creating differences Figure 38: Internal structure of securities operations (%)
In recent years, the system of voucher trading services has evolved rapidly, and has evolved gradually from the original single model of “business + client groups.” On the one hand, the major bond dealers have done the same.
As the concept of wealth management services deepens, the direct management of subsidiaries, the establishment of wealth management centres/flaghouses become more common, and high-end services provided in multi-sectoral collaboration bring higher value returns. On the other hand, in the midst of the wave of mobile connectivity, coupons have also increased for long-tailed customers.
Services. With the spread of mobile Internet and the rapid development of financial technologies such as artificial intelligence and big data, bond dealers have created Internet Finance or Financial Science and Technology, adding-intelligence and mobile end applications to cover a large number of small and medium-sized investors, of whom Eastern wealth is the best.
According to the Securities Association, the average household asset balance of companies in 2017 was 22% of the Sino-Chinese securities, 52% of the Chinese securities, and 52% of the Chinese securities.
New-generation investors are also long-tailed customers that are currently under-explored, and with the rise of 80, 90 years later, the proportion of late-60 clients in total clients is decreasing. New-generation investors are more accustomed to mobile Internet, and their behaviour tends to be networked, and company-led online securities services have a wide market.
The share of brokering transactions in the Division has risen significantly by 0.48%.
As mentioned earlier, a three-tier system of flows, centred on the Eastern Wealth Network, is an important basis for companies to carry out their securities business. In the securities service app flow competition, although companies lag behind major competitors, it does not.
According to Ignorance, the Eastern Wealth Network is active at the end of 2018 for 12 million users, with 174.97 million hours of use, at a distance of 35.94 million hours, 352.74 million hours, and Kutsu An (3.78 million, 32.37 million hours) with a certain lead.
App, while most of the active users of the voucher system are already trading customers of their respective carriers, the active users of the information network, such as the Eastern Wealth Network, still have much room for development, and the process of conversion of financial information users to securities-trading customers is the key to the company’s share rise over the past two years.
So far, the company is in the process of speeding up the process of conversion, and part of the transformation of the advertising business is direct advertising) and ads for niche resources (the share of the day is more than 1.5 million: video interviews, etc.) in two ways, companies advertise for clients in a number of sectors, such as foundations, banks, cars, real estate, etc.
Thus, the main advertising campaign has gradually shifted to its own business orientation, with its main orientation being the opening of securities. Overall, while the reorientation of the advertising business has cost some of the external earnings, the increase in internal flows is undoubtedly a major catalyst for the rapid growth of corporate securities.
On balance, firms now have a significant advantage in the area of opening accounts and trading, with large-scale primary flow accumulations of gravity, which allow companies to remain superior to the client efficiency of most of their counterparts, and whose share is expected to continue to expand. But there is also a need for vigilance on two fronts, namely, direct or indirect access by major competitors.
The second is the accelerated rise of the post-Watter securities, and the approximation under the flag of Tai King An, both of which pose a potential threat to the firm’s strong flow base. Given the low-cost advantages of Internet operations, companies quickly take up market share by using low commissions.
The annual commission rate for companies is only 0.024 per cent, well below the industry average of 0.034 per cent, compared with the main broker competition, but behind the same broker-led Chinese securities (0.021 per cent) that are focused on low-price strategies. We believe that since the price war, the rate of commission in the industry has continued to fall, but in the second half of 2017 it was affected by the overall operating costs.
The downward trend in commission rates has been significantly reduced, and is still in the tens of thousands of dollars. In this case, prices of companies as low as 12:24 remain more attractive to price-sensitive customers and the advantages of low commission strategies and Internet channels complement each other and form the key to the company’s continued access.
The game will be key to the sustainability of the company's strategy. 5.2.3it base and product bank advantages The company has a strong base in the field of it, with R & D currently accounting for 39.08 per cent of the total workforce and R & D investment accounting for the total
The collection rate is 8.01%, both of which are at the top of the bond business. The value of R & D inputs has increased rapidly from 12 to 44 in recent years, and of generic technologies from 3 to 14.
At this stage, while corporate product R & D orientation covers both institutional and individual clients, current product paths have become more skewed towards the c-side flow, mainly through the provision of end-of-service value-added services to new users, such as open-account gifts.
Seven products, such as a professional version of Eastern wealth, a school finance terminal, a dk mastery code, core insider, vip insider wealth, mobile phones, level-2, and short-line radar.
Figure 46: Comparison of R & D personnel in selected coupons in 2018 Figure 47: Comparison of R & D expenditure in selected coupons in 2018 Figure 48: Inputs and output of Eastern wealth R & D
5.2.4 Set up a web site to improve the company's online advantages, but under current regulatory requirements, part of the business has to be done on-line, and the addition of the off-line network is also necessary.
For the purpose of testing, branding and influence, companies have continued to operate in recent years. By 2018, the company had 136 businesses in 26 provinces.
Overall, the size of the team has reached 3,667 and the size has reached 65.39 per cent, and the overall expansion is also faster than the industry. Figure 50: Developments in the Eastern Department of Wealth.
The commission strategy, while making effective use of the advantages of the product bank to increase the attractiveness of opening and actively complement the bottom-line configuration, is somewhat clear in its overall approach and its advantages are expected to continue. The high overlap of clients in the two operations has led to a similar low-priced, flow-based strategy in the company’s business strategy.
Interest rates increase. Companies now publish a two-way rate as low as 6.99%, while other securities dealers in the industry, but it is worth noting that companies now account for 1.26% of the two-way market, which still lags behind the 1.94% of the stockbrokers, mainly because: 1) the two-way operation has a lag.
Extra opening is required on the basis of trading in securities, and opening is based on the requirement to open an account and engage in a securities transaction for at least six months. There is a lag in raising the share of the business as a result. But the share of the balance as long as the stock of the disciplinary business keeps up the increase.
Another condition for eligibility for voucher operations is that the average daily assets in the last 20 transactions are not less than $500,000. Generally, the market share of the coupons is at the same level as the market share of the brokers, but the threshold of 500,000 openings is limited for the public sector’s main clientele, long-tailored customers.
The start-up of finance coupons has to be done on a case-by-case basis, and the company’s limited front-line network does not provide sufficient facilities for customers’ business processing, which greatly affects their motivation. But the company is now actively engaged in off-line networking. 4) The capital needs to be further expanded. The company’s current level of effective leverage is only 1.63 times higher than that of the industry.
As companies begin to step up their debt mobilization efforts, the level of corporate capital is expected to rise, capital constraints will be bottlenecked, or combined, as the number of company points rises and capital capacity expands, the company’s two-pronged business is expected to grow faster, and the city’s share will gradually converge towards brokering.
6. Financial liquidity three: Integrated financial development options. Companies have experienced two successful realizations, “reversion + liquidity” development ideas have matured, and new financial liquidity channels can be further developed in the current context of stronger competition for both fund exchange and portfolio operations.
1) In the short term, the company has diversified its financial arrangements and improved its business chain in order to broaden its liquidity. Since 2016, the Department has accelerated the establishment of a variety of multiple financial subsidiaries to improve the Internet financial services business chain.
In addition, there have been attempts at private fund-raising platforms, video sites, etc. Although most of the layouts are still at a relatively early stage, the company’s intention to extend the value chain and build an integrated financial services system is clear. We believe that two of the many attempts are very bright:
(a) Lending & Letters: The microfinance sector has been growing faster in recent years, particularly with the outbreak of growth in the number of micro-lending companies during the period 2010-2014, reflecting the huge market demand caused by the difficult and expensive financing of small micro-enterprises. However, after 2015, as the problem of non-performing loans has become more visible, insolvency within the industry has become commonplace.
In 2017, the company officially joined the micro-credit business, with $200 million to set up the company, mainly because of the previous letter-making operation. In fact, the micro-credit system, as an important complement to the indirect financing market, supports micro-enterprises’ financial support.
There is no doubt that there is considerable certainty about the prospects for market development, and the key issue is that the country’s imperfect business acquisition system has prevented most small loan companies from accurately controlling credit filters, leading to high credit risk. As early as July 2016, the company had acquired the business credentials (Oriental Wealth Inc.) and its creditworthiness.
In addition, it is worth noting that, in addition to corporate letters, companies are moving in the form of personal letters. In 2016, corporate participation was recognized as a credit cloud, with a 35% shareholding ranking as the second largest shareholder, taking into account the control and growth of the credit cloud in personal data.
In the area of letter guarantees, where there are leading in-house technologies, companies are expected to extend their credit acquisition advantages to a large number of long-tailed individual investors, and to enhance secondary development for stock clients. (b) PET: In January 2019, companies launched a private fund-raising advisory and trading platform to try to raise money.
A successful model of the Sky Fund will be replicated in the private sector. Good private fund-raising will provide online private fund-raising services solutions for private fund-keepers and investors, including certification of qualified investors, contract signing, double recording, to the end of time, transfer and collection of funds, all of which will be solved online, and will greatly address the information asymmetry of private fund-raising transactions.
Given the company’s extensive experience in the field of integrated public fund-raising services, we believe that good private fund-raising will create strong advantages at multiple dimensions, such as fluidity, data, technology, and transport, and that it is hoped that the market will soon be opened up and lead the way to development.
The company had established a good business consulting company as early as 2008, but the private market was premature, and private fund-raising platform development plans have been stalled. But now private fund-raising funds are already 12.8 trillion yuan, largely equal to public fund-raising, and the conditions for development are more mature, and the company is expected to take advantage of the two-pronged public/private fund-raising platform to build it.
In the long run, the company may be going to reward the money and realize a model for the liquidity of integrated financial service providers. The short-term multiplicity of layouts is more tactical, while the company’s long-term strategic development remains the path to the development of Kashin Orient.
Eastern wealth and America’s charlesschwab have been compared for a long time, with similar backgrounds, transformational paths, which have made Kaguin the company’s main development pole. Since he was founded in 1971, he has evolved through the “commissioner-assets (funds) conversion-interconnection.”
In 2000, the company began to deploy multiple financial subsectors, expanding its trust, banking, insurance, etc., and eventually entering the current integrated financial service provider phase. Credit management has now become one of the largest wealth regulators in the United States, with the number of users and the size of asset management at the end of 2017 reaching 1080, respectively.
At $3.36 trillion, the market value of the United States shares has also risen to $60.774 billion and is on the investment banking and brokerage board.
The rest of the low-priced brokering, fund platform, and integrated financial operations can be located beyond the time frame of the Internet finance business, so that credit may provide lessons for the company’s long-term development. At present, with the completion of diversified finance, the company or others who will follow Kaguin’s lead will focus on the client.
A shift in size to the size of the client ' s funds to further enhance the customer ' s stickyness and the size of the fund retention through a full range of financial integration services, thus seeking more stable interest income and income from wealth management operations.7 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Financial e-commerce operations and securities operations are the company’s core profit growth point. In financial e-commerce operations, I am still expanding in the area of surrogates, but the company’s size has increased or slowed as payment treasures and treasury interventions have taken place.
In terms of core assumptions, the contribution of investment, management, etc., is low, and we focus mainly on brokering commissions and two-fold spreads. For 2019, when the level of certainty is high and the same base is low, on the basis of sensitive calculations, we reflect the cyclical volatility of capital markets.
In other business areas, the contribution of revenues from financial data operations and advertising services has been gradually declining in recent years, largely maintaining it. Figure 57: Portfolio operations as a net income from Eastern wealth brokerage (discounted) sensitivity analysis, 2019.
In order to get a reasonable trade pe, we have selected the average peg, 1.72 times the average in 2019, based on the company ' s real estate and net profit from maternity in 2018. In order to smooth the data fluctuations, we have set the parameter g at 18-20.
The net profit compound rate is 49.33%, taking into account the estimated contribution of the securities business to the net profit of $1,124 million, which results in 2) non-equity business: we use the pe valuation method directly. Financial software service companies such as Hinoy, Henogen Electronics, Focus Technologies, etc., are selected as comparable companies, using p-to-compromises based on an average of 82.13 times their value in 2019.
Figure 59: Comparable securities business, Figure 60: Comparable non-equity business, 2019. Markets have warmed rapidly since the beginning of the year, and the scale of brokering transactions and the size of financing coupons has been reversed.
The company’s retail securities business is expected to break out, and the Fund’s sales operations will benefit greatly if the earning effect continues to increase, and the resonance of the two core operations will bring high performance elasticity, adding to the company’s “financial technology plus voucher” market labels, and Davis’s double hit is expected.
In the long run, the company’s two main profit growth points will be challenged, whether it’s a big cashier in the marketing industry or a stock-marketer in the securities industry, which will constrain the company’s business development. But in terms of the company’s development history, Mr. Minoru and his management team have come to terms with strategic choice and track for long, and the company is now actively publicizing,
We remain optimistic about the long-term growth of the Department’s financial system in the areas of microfinance, credit collection, and private-sector financing. The Department’s mobile end-of-side flows have been compressed: corporate brokerage, and the increase in the share of mixed markets, which is not as high as expected.