Researchchand developmentcenter otc has a channel advantage.
I-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-Y-N-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-N-N-Y-N-Y-N-Y-N-N-N-Y-Y-N-Y-N-Y-Y-Y-Y-N-Y-N-N-N-N-N-Y-N-O-N-O-N-N-N-N-N-O-O-O-O-O-O-N-N-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O.
Three hundred and ninety-nine hundred million yuan (+4.16%) in China, mainly driven by the growth of the Chc business, with professional brands, big health, etc. growing faster. Slowing down at a steady pace is mainly influenced by the transition of national and provincial tenders, formulations, formulations, etc.
There has been a certain decline in the expansion of the grain industry, as well as a decline in the sales of Chinese injections as a result of the epidemic and the policy of clustering. The following six months of effective control of the epidemic and smooth progress in the formulation of granular operations, the company expects to buy the Quan Pharmacy Group to work together to create synergies.
On the one hand, it will facilitate synergies between the two sides in the field of medicine and health by developing industrial systems around 37 resources and promoting co-development: on the other hand, Huo Yun will take full advantage of its rich management.
Experience and industry resources give companies the ability to build a good branding base that explores the creation of the "Kun-chung Pharmacy 1381" and "Kun-chung-chung-chung" to carry more products that have historically sunk, which will help build up the 3-S7 industry chains.
Millions of yuan (+7.43%) are still growing under the influence of the epidemic. According to company announcements, the long logic behind the future growth of Chc operations is: 1) to seize opportunities for industrial change, to integrate high-quality resources in the industry, to bring in market-potential brands such as the Kunon Pharmacy Group, and to create synergies. 2) New channels have been expanding over the past few years.
In recent years, the share of sales through online channels has risen rapidly, through product restructuring and professional teams to adapt to future trends. 3) Strengthening brands is a central element of business development. Companies under brands will further break down their product categories to meet patients’ disease diagnosis.
The last month has seen an increase or decline (%) in the need for health management throughout the treatment process, and new products (e.g. dragon horns and anti-viral oral fluids) have been introduced constantly, enriching the product lines. We look at their ability to develop over the long term.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that companies are the country ' s rare platform-based otc enterprise, with brand advantages and increasing brands, and that the Chc business has a long-term growth logic, with a national bid switch, with annual revenues of 170.29/195.221.2226.7 million yuan, with a net profit return to the mother.
Risk factors: market and policy risks, innovation risks in R & D, merger and consolidation risks, price of raw materials
The South Pharmaceutical Plant was set up in Shenzhen by the First Military Medical University in 1985 and five by the 39th Enterprises Group, Shenzhen 39th Pharmacy Company Ltd. and others in 1999.
The company initiated the establishment of a joint-stock company, which was listed on the Shenzhen Main Board in 2000 and reorganized into the Hua Yuan Group in 2008, and has now developed into a large State-owned company with a market for controlled medicines. The company is mainly involved in the development, production, marketing and related health services of pharmaceutical products such as otc and Chinese prescription drugs, the core of otc products in the cold, gastrointestinal, skin, paediatrics, cough control, and so on.
Osteoporology accounts for a higher share of the market; prescription drugs are among the top of the domestic market in Chinese medicine formulations such as granules, cardiovascular veins, anti-cancer, anti-contamination, etc. The corporate brand strategy is “1+n,” with the series “999” as its core brand, creating “tsuns,” “good dolls,” “friendly recovery,” and “comfort.”
In 2021, in China's comprehensive list of non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products, “999 flus”, “999 cotrimoxazole flus”, “3900 stomachs”, “999 pyres”, “Anno calcium”, “Friendly recovery” came to the top of the list.
In addition, the company has set up a system of 39 commercial customers, working on the creation of an intelligent ecological circle of “diagnosis + treatment + health” and the creation of a deep blue (intellectual) complex.
Laboratories, upgrading of traditional drug manufacturing systems using technologies such as 5g, block chains, digital twins, cloud computing, ai smart production equipment, and accelerating the digital transformation. At present, the total stock of the company is about 988 million shares, the current chairman is Mr. Qiu Hua Wei, and the president is Mr. Zhao Bingxiang.
In addition to R & D, production and functional platforms, the company ' s Chc Enterprise has four line ministries, the rx Enterprise Financial Analysis: 22h1 performance growth robustly, with expectations for the second half of the year.
Revenues of 1,532 million yuan (+12.34 per cent), net profit returns of 2,047 million yuan (+28.13 per cent), continuous digital transformation upgrades of companies, enhancement of brands, channels, increased investment in innovation, improved quality and efficiency of operations, and strong industry status achieved robust growth in business performance.
The growth rate is mainly driven by the growth of the Chc business, with professional brands, big health, etc. The growth rate is faster. Slower or slower, mainly influenced by the transition of the national bid and the speed of the provincial markers, and a certain decline in the expansion of the formulation particle operation, in addition to the impact of the epidemic and the collection policy, with a similar decline in the sales of the Chinese injection drug and a decline in the prescription drug operation.
Looking ahead in the second half of the year, there are some uncertainties in the external and market environment, such as the implementation of the new national tender for the Chinese formulation of particles, the expansion of the central drug collection, the recurrence of the epidemic, etc., specific responses have been developed by companies, as follows: effective control of the epidemic has been achieved in the following six months, and in terms of the Māori ratio, the decline in the Māori ratio of the company ' s sales has been due mainly to changes in the structure of its operations and increases in its costs.
The share of prescription drugs with relatively high interest rates has declined in comparison with previous years, with a marked increase in the cost of formulation granules after the implementation of the new national tender, an increase in the share of the relatively low-than-national pharmaceutical operations, and a similar increase in the share of the global drug operations. The Division has initiated cost management and changes in the structure of operations, and the other three cost rates have remained largely stable. Net interest rates on sales have increased.
The company re-orientated its business system in late 13th and finalized the Chc business as a core business, with two prescription drugs as a framework for the development of the core enabling business. Operations are mainly in the form of chc (self-diagnosis), prescription medicine.
Ministry, Ministry of National Medicine: 1)chc is relatively high and companies are committed to leading companies in the field of chc, taking advantage of the upward trend in consumption, previous prevention and back-to-back rehabilitation, and future operations will continue to be heavily branded, fully configured and sustained; 2) prescription drugs will decline in comparison with previous years, and prescription drugs will continue to grow.
In the long run, the company hopes to be able to strategically configure the core range of prescription drugs, thus contributing to the recovery of the Maori and profit-making capacity of the prescription drug operation.
In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow of companies operating is stable at around $2 billion, relatively high net, competitive advantage analysis: brands are strong, research and development are sustainable, brands are strong, and consumer communication and media outlets are valued. Companies create the "1+n" brand system (999 as their main product)
Based on research on large health industries and consumer demand, the company has since 2018 launched brands such as 999 Vidocq, 39 Ituripson, 9youungbasic, peach white and white.
The company focused on the rehabilitation of slow diseases, such as cardiovascular cerebral veins, and built the Acetylene Blood-Tone Soft capsule. The “999” brand was repeatedly rated as the “China's top cognitive mark” and “China's most valuable brand.” In 2021, China's pharmaceutical industry's 100th largest pharmaceutical company was listed as the third largest company.
The company has set up a system of commercial channels covering the entire country, with Chc cooperating with the country’s best-quality distributors and chain terminals, and with more than 400,000 pharmacies distributed nationwide. The prescriptions are connected to thousands of level hospitals and tens of thousands of primary health-care facilities nationwide.
Large platform companies, such as houses, are connected to the Internet+Medicine. Three-hundred trade channels 2.0 are dedicated to creating an efficient link to a service platform with customers that meets the full range of user needs.
In addition to the projects of the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Ministry of Science and Technology on the subject of smart manufacturing, several factories (Hao Yunchang, the Yaan Sanctuary, the dates factory, the fatty deer factory, etc.) have continued to promote the construction of smarts and to optimize the quality of visualization and product end-to-end production.
In May 2022, the company announced that it would purchase 28 per cent of the shares of the Quintine medicine in order to pay cash for the possession of the medicine.
QN 27,56% shares, purchase of QN 0.44% shares from QN, and QN is a controlled subsidiary of QN 39, initially expected to complete the QN project in November. QN is a leading company in the country in natural plant medicine, and deep-ploughing the QN series of plants represented by blood-stamped soft capsules.
(a) The pharmaceutical industry has three main components: 1) the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry, which has a full-scale product of powder, injections, capsules, tablets, granules, pills, dispersants, etc. Smart lines of production covering cardiovascular vascular, osteoporosis, antimalarial and spleen gastrics, cold respirators, gynaecology (physical and mental).
Treatment areas such as "Puter-oral" and "prescription-retail" are driven by two-wheel drive; 2) international cooperation and the flow of medicines. Building on the global web-based resource advantages of "artemisine exporters", they are actively moving out to become "internationalized health service providers" and 3) pharmaceutical health. Focusing on company-specific plant resources, 37 and artemisinin, will bring corporate research and development, branding, and technology in plant medicine.
The advantages extend to the larger health sector, where companies have developed and deepened their organization in the areas of effective skin protection, oral care, healthy food competitions, and have explored new retail models in the field of health.
(+3.28 per cent), net profit attributable to the mother is 217 million yuan (34.77 per cent) and net profit not attributable to the mother is 144 million yuan (-28.69 per cent) The cost of sales for the company 2022q2 was 35.41 per cent (an increase of 6.90 pct) and the asset was reduced by $35.82 million (the same period in the previous year).
Long 35%, blood-septic needles show bright performance (+38%), benefiting from the successful selection of the central medicine department and the entry into the pilot catalogue of the health-care payment criteria. The Kuntung drug collection, profit recovery, has reached a record high of 696 million yuan (+6.63%) of operating income, net profit of 90.202.28 million yuan (+94.75%), cascading spleen, sulphate, sulphate, fratricidal gasket, clean stomach.
The company and the company are engaged in the production and marketing of medicines. They have strong synergies in areas such as business development and technology development.
Quality development in the 37 industries. China's management experience and industrial resource endowments are good for creating the "Kun-chung Pharmacy 1381" and "Kun-chung-chung Medicine" as the best products in the country, raising the value chain of the 37 industries.
In mid-2021, the pharmaceutical industry recovered significantly, and new opportunities opened up for the industry. According to Minet, the volume of sales by Chinese pharmaceutical producers has declined since 2018, as a consequence of the Chinese industry's production regulations and the “restrictive” policy. According to the Kun Pharmacy Group, in 2021, 250.8 billion yuan (+4.9 per cent) was marketed in public health-care facilities and zero in urban areas.
At the demand-side, the growth of the health-care industry in China has been spurred by an increase in ageing and an increase in public health awareness. Between 2014 and 2020, China’s per capita disposable income and per capita spending on consumption increased year by year, with per capita spending on health-care consumption accounting for the total.
The share of spending on consumption rose from 7.20 to 8.69 per cent, and the willingness to pay for health care increased. At the supply end, the dividends of the Chinese medicine policy continued to be released, the State strongly supported the Chinese medicine industry, deepened the reform of the health-care system and the pricing of health services, maintained the balance between the Chinese and Western sectors, and supported and promoted the innovative development of Chinese medicine.
The revolution, the rapid expansion of online channels, the further concentration of catalytic brands, the extension of brands, the expansion of channels, price-fixing capabilities, and the development of high-quality Chinese pharmaceutical companies will gradually move into a high-quality development phase, and we believe that Luang San is looking forward to a good development opportunity as a good pharmaceutical company.
22H1 company Chc achieved $5,535 million (+7.43%). 999 pyre, with the help of packaging upgrades and digitization, promoted rapid growth, and the “39 stomachs” implemented a rejuvenation marketing strategy, with the help of shaking, knowledge, etc., to consolidate the advantages of the area of disaggregation.
Platforms such as Hand and 100 degrees of health build digital operating ecosystems, and AUS$ 999 focus on clinical research projects to build a mining-type academic highlands. Large health operations are growing well, with fast growth in online operations. In addition, companies continue to develop their capacity in the area of rehabilitation for slow diseases, and rehabilitation for slow diseases remains stable.
According to the company announcement, the logic for the future growth of the Chc business is to: 1) seize opportunities for business change, integrate high-quality resources in the industry, introduce market-potential brands such as the Kun Pharmacy Group, and create synergies. 2) Expand new channels. Companies have continued to deploy new channels over the past few years through product restructuring and professional teams.
In keeping with future business trends, the share of online sales has increased rapidly in recent years. 3) Reinforcing brands is a central element of business development. Companies under brands will further break down the product categories, meet the health management needs of patients throughout the process of disease diagnosis, and continuously introduce new products (e.g., dragonhorning and antiviral oral fluids, etc.) and enrich product lines.
The Chinese pharmaceutical formulations have the advantages of safety, efficiency, convenience, and quality stability control compared to the Chinese ones. After long-term State policy guidance and support, the Chinese pharmaceutical formulations industry has gradually moved towards standardization, and the pilot project ended in November 2021.
Production and marketing restrictions have been liberalized, and the industry has opened up a wide range of opportunities. From the health care end: we believe that, with the introduction of the national label and the introduction of the formulation particles into the provincial platform, more provinces will be able to integrate the Chinese formulation particles into the provincial health care system, which is expected to eventually become part of the national health-care system.
Broader to the grass-roots end-markets, and more responsive to the everyday consumption habits of Chinese medicines, will help boost the market’s expansion of formulae particles. In 2022, the stock of old modeled granules produced by firms gradually became clear, and the standard switch provided an opportunity for firms to develop a new price system. We expect firms to either increase their prices up and out of the plant in order to ease the upward pressure on the cost of pharmaceutical supplies and the unit use increase.
One billion yuan, or about 15 per cent, of the Chinese sector, and about 11 per cent of the Japanese market for Chinese prescriptions, which accounts for about 60 per cent of the Chinese tablets (as reported in 2019 by the Internet). We expect that there is room for a doubling of the potential for higher prices in the country.
The formulas industry is currently in a competitive 6+n pattern, with China’s Chinese medicine leading the industry, followed by China’s Chinese medicine industry and China’s 39th city. We believe that the leading firms built the protected river at the four-dimensional level of “Production Process + Cost Control + Anticipated System + Market Coverage” and that new entrants to the competition were hard to catch up with.
The changes in industry brought about by the end of the dots have led to the active promotion of research into the production and marketing of new national standard varieties of Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, the steady promotion of national standards, local standard product switching, and the expansion of the drinking business to compensate, to a certain extent, for the impact of the decline in the production of formulations. Different provincial policies have led to different rates of progress in different regions, but after the first half of the year, in the production of national and provincial tenders.
In the first half of the year, in the transition phase, the costs will increase, and companies will eliminate some of the costs, projections and assumptions by controlling costs by strengthening industrial chain management and adjusting downstream sales prices.
In 2021, we split the business data of the various departments of industry, and estimated that: (1) non-prescriptive drug operations: 4 under the Chc industry, the otc industry's flu, gastrointestinal, dermal fields, with branding of products, we estimated their income volume to be approximately $5.6 billion in 2021 and expected to be 2022-2024.
(2) Prescription medicine business: under the prescription drug industry, there are three Ministries of Industry, the National Drug Department, which estimates the amount of revenue we will earn in 2021. For the compatriots, Kuo-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, the average value of the industry averaged 41.66 times that of the company in 2022. We believe that the company is the country's rare platform-based otc company, with brand advantages and continuous brand enhancement, and that the company has a brand, chc.
The business has a long-term growth logic, and the national bid switch-particle operation has been temporarily affected, with the formulation particle industry having the potential to grow at a very high price over the long term, and the company has the advantage of an industrial chain for one of the six older households. We have set policies such as the China-Yun 2000-022 pe valuation area, drug concentration procurement, etc., which may have an impact on the existing business. Drug belt procurement is becoming more common, and the selected product is being selected.
The price of the species will fall by a certain amount, which will have an impact on the company’s operating income and profitability. In the Hubei collection, four varieties of barley injections, pulse injections, serolygen injections, blood plug-in capsules were involved in the offer, resulting in a drop of 41.11% in the range of radiation. At the same time, a dynamic adjustment of the health-care catalogue was carried out for the exclusive species outside the catalogue.
Negotiating access, and negotiating price reductions for large catalogued health-insurance funds, may put some of them at risk of price reduction. The long-cycle, high input, and high failure rates of pharmaceutical research and development, from new drug development to listing, are more affected by uncertainties such as policy regulations and market competition patterns, and companies will face some risk of innovation in research and development as their research and development investments grow.
The M & As project is heavily invested, complex to integrate, and the market environment and policy environment are constantly changing and may be exposed to inadequate analysis of or responses to target enterprise risks, market potential, potential value and profitability projections for M & A operations, and risks such as poor integration after investment.
Prices of Chinese medicinal products have been influenced by a number of factors, such as macroeconomics, monetary policy, natural disasters, asymmetric information on the end of cultivation, and weather factors, with the market of Chinese medicinal products as a whole rising upwards, with some varieties having higher prices.
At the same time, the cost of producing a variety of medium-formulated particulates for the implementation of the new national standard has increased significantly.
Mr. Nguyen, a member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, has two years of experience in securities. He worked at the Minya Foundation, and in 2022 he joined the Sunda Securities, which studied medicine consumption and raw materials.
Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022 to study medical devices, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.