Xu's 16-year-old report, the industry's upturn and the company's elastic performance is rising quarterly, showing the industry's upswing: the company's ups and downs every quarter of the year.
In four quarters, a single-season revenue of $4.8 billion, an increase of 32.17 per cent over the previous year, was higher than in three quarters, and six months of capital investment and supply-side contractions led to a massive rise in commodity prices, which led to a rebound in the industrial landscape, with the exception of the smaller concrete-mechanical harvests.
Beyond this decline, fire-fighting machinery, stump machinery, shoveling machinery collection have all increased by the same year, and while there has been a slight decline (-4.81 per cent) in the weight-lifting machinery of the public sector, we recognize that there is a roe (ttm)
In order for the crane to enter later than the excavator in the construction process, it is expected that the crane will be turned into an engineering machine with a significant increase in the maximum value of 16q4-17q1 excavators in December
There has been an increase in the crane rate and a significant improvement in the balance sheet and cash flow statement: 16 years of a small decline in the overall GDP rate of 1.06 percentage points, while the ratio of revenue to the largest weighting machine is optimistic, the same rate has increased by 3.44 percentage points, and we believe that the main product is sold.
In structure, the higher Māori ratio resulted from higher sales of medium- and large-scale cranes. And the recovery in end sales also led to an improvement in the balance sheet and cash flow statement, with accounts receivable falling by 14.53 per cent year-on-year, five years lower: operating cash flows increased 19.3 times year-on-year, also showing public figures.
The Department’s business performance is improving rapidly, with production exceeding sales, indicating that companies are more optimistic about the continued warming of the industry: for the first time, the public rate exceeds sales, and on the one hand, the dealer’s inventory has been closed and has begun to be replenished.
The stock phase, on the other hand, provides ample evidence of firm confidence in the sustainability of the recovery in the industry landscape, active production, and the marginal effect of improved engineering and machinery performance will gradually lead to the utilization of production rates, indicating that the cyclical tipping point of the industry as a whole has arrived.
Investment Recommendations: Take good note of the company's high elasticity in the industry's warming and the year-round performance statement The rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.