Xu Xu's report for 2016: iv) qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Quarterly performance upscaling, cranes
Yang Shaohui* Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.ch/RMB 4.15 with no rating) issued an annual report with both income and net profits realized
Steady growth and continued improvement in profitability are in line with expectations: 16,891 million operating income achieved throughout the year, an increase of 1.17 per cent compared with the previous year; 209 million yuan net profit earned by the mother, an increase of 268.05 per cent compared with the previous year; and the leading market for five major engineering and mechanical products, with the consolidation of industry leaders: cranes, loaders, tracks
Road machinery, basic pillar work and military engineering are among the first in the domestic market. Since 2016, there have been 9,168 heavy machinery sales, generating an operating income of $5.480 billion, representing the largest share of total revenue of 32.44 per cent and an increase in the Māori rate to 23.61 per cent, while shoveling machines have generated revenue of 2,422 million yuan and a Māori rate of 17.1 per cent;
The total revenue of the fire-fighting machinery produced by the new subsidiary, although small, increased by 1.4 times when the profits of 16 years were the largest. Cash flows increased significantly, and spending on three fees was strictly controlled: the company seized the risk of the attack and deployed to ring number one.
The outstanding work-related receivables were reduced by 14.53 per cent from year to year, net operating cash flows of $2,245 million, representing a 19.3-fold increase in the same year, resulting in a significant improvement in the quality of income; financial costs were reduced by 105.18 per cent from year to year, management costs were largely equal, sales costs increased by 4.7 per cent, and three costs were combined
Other announcements: the company intends to raise $5.156 billion in non-public shares for large-scale plant and machinery upgrading and upgrading projects, investment projects in Indian engineering and machinery manufacturing bases, smart subsurface space construction and equipment projects, high-altitude platform smart manufacturing projects, intelligent logistics
The equipment manufacturing project, the smart compressor station project, the Internet upgrading project for the Xu Engineering Industries and the Replenishment Xu Industries Finance Company Ltd. 1. Excavator sales as an advance indicator of cooling in the engineering and machinery industry began to drop in August 2016.
We believe that, in conjunction with previous research and the gradual digestion of market stocks, a significant increase in the number of new orders has been transmitted across the board. Xuhu’s stock of excavators in March 17 was higher than expected, reaching 1,800 orders in that month, an increase of about 40% over the same period, and the product was in short supply.
2. There has been a marked increase in the sales of cranes in the fourth quarter: according to the progress of the work, the general excavator first enters, after months of cranes, and finally concrete machinery. This makes it possible to determine the demand relationship, cranes and loaders (traditionally the main equipment of Xu) and to transform the relay excavator into a high-speed growth dynamic.
In 2016, there were 2,588 crane sales in the fourth quarter, with a marked growth trend, particularly with the single-month sale of the vehicle crane in December, which was the highest for the year as a whole.
The “swipe-a-way” has accelerated landings, benefiting first and foremost the leading firms with a high share of export markets. The “swipe-a-way” discussion remains a focus of discussion at the Boone Asia Forum, where the acceleration of the “a-way-a-way” has created a “dream space” for the growth of many firms abroad.
The leading domestic exporters of engineering and machinery, car cranes, ballasts, flats, and so on, have the highest share of export markets in the country. This is also in line with Xu’s recent statement by his chairman that widening overseas markets is the main growth point for the company’s future development.
The share of income from non-primary operations (e.g., sanitation machinery, road machinery) was small, but the 16-year record was impressive, with a first increase of $1.4 billion in profits, and $395 million in operating income from road machinery, which benefited mainly from the rise of the road infrastructure in 2016, when 16 roads completed their investment of 1.77 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same year.
In 2017, the main objective of transport construction was to create 5,000 kilometres of additional highways, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period, to upgrade 200,000 kilometres of rural roads and to harden 7,000 new formed villages in impoverished areas. The company was the first in a series of years in the cities, such as road-stramps, stalls, flats, etc., and as a leading industry firm, the company would be the leader of the industry.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Given the doubling of the automobile crane industry in January-March, other engineering and mechanical products, such as loading machines, have accelerated.
Trends, suggested focus.