Consistency Holdings.f. Holding (002352ch) 2024 Performance rating: net return profit year + 23.51 per cent, continued penetration of new and emerging plates by fy24performanceview: netprofitsurges 23.51 per cent yoywitthrapidgrodthinemering secretors
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) event: Hondo Holdings published the annual 2024 report: 2024, the company realized business income
28,44.20 million yuan, or +10.07% of the year, resulting in a mother's net profit of $10,170 million, compared to the same income end: business with traditional advantages is growing robustly, and the emerging business plates are fully flowered. Company operations are growing 15.3% of the year by 15.3% of the year.
International income grew faster than domestic revenues, with supply chains and international battalions earning $70.5 billion, a 17.5 per cent increase over the same period. In 2024, international supply chain projects from 0 to 1 to n were able to break out in multiple countries, industries, business scenes and cumulatively over 100 overseas.
In terms of response chain projects, cross-border consumption, international Express revenue grew by 20% on a year-on-year basis in 2024, and the results of the trip to the sea were impressive, as the company’s second-growth curve showed a bright performance. Cost end: refined operations and scale effects are reduced and profits are raised.
Optimizing the number and size of transit sites, using technological and technological capabilities such as robotics, automation equipment, increasing the efficiency of small pieces by 13 per cent and the efficiency of large pieces by 8.5 per cent.
Strength resources, more than 1,000 trunk lines to complete the upgrade of the vehicle. End of the line, pilot transit site, direct end-of-way change of operating model, resulting in an average distance from the pilot transformation area to and from the fast-forward transfer to and from the brother-in-law being reduced by 38%. Overlaying the network ' s full scale effect to promote profitability.
Shareholders ' returns: Capital spending peaks have passed, with $10.66 billion being invested in a one-time return of $4.8 billion in special dividends for shareholders and equity buy-backs, cumulatively amounting to a medium-term bonus for normalization and a steady increase in the share share depending on internal and external circumstances.
Profit forecasting and valuation: A shift from a traditional “sale of products” model to a “sale of solutions” with the expectation that business and performance will continue to grow significantly through the expansion of the supply chain up and down. We expect the company to return to its net profits in 25-27 years.
In view of the company ' s business characteristics and industry status, a 20-fold pe valuation is given for 2025, corresponding to the Kaaliyaliluo.