Photovoltaic film tap, new show on electronics, 22nd of July, 2020.
Successful practitioners of national production substitution: companies replace national production with credos, and the development process can be divided into three stages: thermal membrane start-up in 1994-2003; photo-voltaic membrane nationalization in 2003-2015; and continued domestication in the new material age from 2015. Companies are based on film, multi-occupational parallel industries, and currently have a product range covering photovoltaics, electronics, batteries, etc.
Main high-level technology sources, sustained high R & D inputs, and the construction of technology-protected rivers.  Global parities, stars and seas: photovoltaic power costs are falling rapidly, with a drop of up to 87% in 10 years and a sharp decline in the price chain of the photovoltaic industry over the last two years.
Prices are also only $1.38/w, a low price that stimulates global demand for photovoltaics. The photovoltaic sector is growing year by year from concentrated to flowers, and the export of photovoltaic components is on the rise, while demand from overseas markets is on the rise.
(i) Capable and industrially, the company ' s Māori ratio is excellent, mainly due to high unit prices (partial brand premium and higher-end film coverage).
+ Low-cost (scaling procurement), large-scale domestic production of the raw material-eva resin industry to replace national production, and we expect the cost of corporate raw materials to go down and the level of profit to rise further. 3) Higher penetration of high-end film leads to structural changes in profitability Good: the ratio of the company's high-morigin rate to the white-eva stock increases, structural gains in profitability and future investment in film production
It's all high-end film, and it's better to optimize the structure of the product. New material show, time-limited: the company plans gradually to move into the new material field in 2015: 1) Sensible demersal membrane: the owner of the luminous membrane is to be applied to the pcb circuit board, the industry is monopolized abroad, and there is much room for import substitution.
(b) Backboard: the company is the top three branches of the backboard business, with a steady increase in business. 3) fccl: fccl is the one with a strong competition pattern and the company is developing and continuing to sell; (4) aluminium plastics: the company is in the process of nationalization.
Planning for the expansion of 50 million square metres is under preparation.
The company started the heat-melting retina, and the national substitution successfully became the global elastic locomotive, continuing the national production thinking into the new material field. The company was founded in 1994 to break the foreign monopolization, the first nationally produced plate, and then the luminous filtration field, where the national production became extreme, and the global photovoltaic film was launched, and the future continued.
The company’s development can be divided into three stages: (1) Thermomelting retina: the successful production of co-polyams in 1994 and the breaking of Japan’s domestic market.
(2) The national alternative to photovoltaic film: the company formally entered the PV industry in 2003, when the market share of domestic enterprises in the PV industry was less than 10 per cent, and as the company accumulated in the membrane sector, the company gradually became a global photovoltaic tap, with the city accounting for more than 50 per cent since 2015.
(3) The New Materials Age continues to be home-grown: in 2015, the company decided to go into new materials, including the light-sighted dry film, fccl, aluminium plastic film, which was largely under foreign monopoly in the domestic market at the time, and the company wants to go into new materials through the successful nationalization of the film. The film will form the foundation of the company, and it will shine.
The company has a clear and stable equity structure. The company actually controls Lin Jianhua, direct and indirect holdings of 60.77% of the shares of the listed companies, and the Ping-An-Nung Industries Investment Company Ltd. holds a stock platform for the employees of the listed companies, holding 4.24% of the listed companies.
The company actually controls more than 50% of the stockholdings, the concentration of shares, the high growth of the equity balance, the high level of profitability, and the high rate of growth of the profits since Foster was listed in 2014, with the company earning 6.38 billion in 19 years.
Dollars, 32.6 per cent year-on-year and 21.7 per cent year-on-year capr; company net profits of 957 million yuan year-on-year, 27.4 per cent year-on-year.
The company consolidated the global position of the film and gradually became involved in new materials. In 2003, the company went into a photovoltaic track, with a high rate of 89.29% in 19 and 91.7% in 19 for Māori, and 57% in 19 for Global Markets. In 2009, the photo-voltage backboard business became fully involved in the market, accounting for 8.26% in 19 and the global market for 19 years.
It's about 6%. The radiance membrane is the company's most recent major business, with a peak of 0.9% in 19 years. The business has not yet been released, mainly for the elimination of 3c plastics, aluminum and sticky.
and, inter alia, the high-intensity, mass of the congener made by the battery is widely used in the movement. ]
High barrier multilayer composites Communications, digital cameras, successive technicians, technical section chief, deputy director of the Ping An Fertilizer Plant; 1998-2003 Ping Tianming molecular material
Vice-President of the factory; then President of Foster, who was created. 2) Zhou Guangtae, Senior Engineer, Doctoral Qualification, currently Managing Director of Foster, who is also the second permanent member of the China Photovoltaic Industry Association, member of the China Renewable Energy Industry Association PVEC, expert on iectc82, etc.) Social position of Hu Weimin, 1998-2003.
Director of the Antimagoda Molecular Materials Factory, followed by the Lin Jianjun Army into Foster, who is currently a director and deputy director-general. 4) Maogen Heng, Senior Engineer, Deputy Director of the Technology Research and Development Centre of Zhejiang Gangxang Chemical Co. Ltd., from 2000 to 2005, Manager of the resin project, Deputy Director-General of the Jiangyang Circulation Chemical Industry Co. Ltd., February 2005 to 2008 and current Chief Executive Officer of Foster Chemical Industries Ltd.
The share of R & D personnel is as high as 16%. Compared to their competitors, companies spend far more on R & D each year than their competitors, with $203 million on R & D in 2019, 39 million on Quakers and 18 million on Shanghai.
High-level R & D inputs have produced fruitful results, and look forward to a new dynamic for performance growth. In thermomelting sector, in 1994, the company autonomously developed polyamide thermal retinals, breaking the Japanese monopoly. In the photovoltaic film, the company continued to push into the film and developed various product types to meet the demands of different types of customers, such as the eva film.
General, anti-pid, anti-snail stripes, super-quick fixation, white high-reflection series, poe conjuncture, hot-plastic, white high-reflection series, etc., while the company also acts as the first drafting unit for the development of national standards and industry association standards for the components eva film; in 2019, the company established a new intellectual property department with a declared high-reliability Pidfree photovolt envelope.
In the case of the "Mayor's Cup" of Hangzhou's high-value intellectual property innovation prize, the company promoted the construction of the Angel base in 2018, while accelerating the opening of the market for electronic materials in Shenzhen, developing a variety of products such as high-resolution dry membranes, outer-layered membranes, and ldi dry membranes, which began with the release of energy from the Angie base in 2020.
In the release period, it is expected to become a new dynamic for performance growth in the future. 2. Global parities, the stars, the sea, the photovoltaic precipitation path is clear, and photovoltaic energy is the largest form of renewable energy in a decade.
The cost of electricity has declined rapidly from $0.37/kwh in 2010 to $0.048/kwh in 2020, a decline of up to 87%, which is the fastest drop in energy from all renewable energy types and the cheapest price parity in most countries and regions of the world, with most of the countries having a lowest median price for photovoltaics far below the price of electricity. Global prices are approaching, overseas.
In recent years, the lowest price of photovoltaic power has become the lowest energy source in a growing number of countries. For example, Portugal, with the largest gap, used electricity at an average price of 28.7 cents/kwh, photovoltaics in 2019.
The world’s photovoltaic industry has gradually moved from concentrated markets to flowers. Until 2012, the European market had a single boom and installed a ratio of 80.3%; between 2013 and 2017, Europe was in recession, with the Chinese market becoming the world’s leading light voltage.
From export data, demand for overseas components is becoming more fragmented. By exporting countries, cr5 and cr10 have gradually declined from about 70-90% in 2015 to about 50-70% now, and export concentration has declined.
On June 28, the Bureau published the results of the 2020 photovoltaic bid, with a total size of 25.97gw, an increase of 13.95% over the same period, with average electricity recharge.
The discount is 0.033 dollars, down 0.032 dollars from 19 years, and increases in size and electricity subsidies are lower than expected.
Foreign exports of photovoltaic components have been rising year after year, and demand in overseas markets has been on the rise. For the last three years, export volumes of components have been positive at the same time, indicating strong demand from overseas. q1 has been affected by the new global crown epidemic in 20 years, with large negative growth in component exports, but in q2, the recovery from abroad in April/May was evident, with advanced countries like Europe and the US and Japan gradually warming.
The same-year growth was positive, with the emerging markets showing a slightly worse but a smaller drop in the same-year loading. And the price of the components fell considerably, and the demand for photovolts in depressed overseas countries will now grow retaliatoryly, and the export of photovoltaic components will continue to rise.
The q1 policy, which was affected by the epidemic in its first year, was pre-positioned, with high price and household growth certainty, and China is expected to have 40-45gw light-voltage installed in 2020. The overseas market, with a 20% drop in the price of its components in 2019, has been reduced by more than an historical average enough to stimulate global demand, but given the impact of the epidemic, it is expected that the overseas market will be new throughout the year.
Adders will reach 80-90gw. We expect a 9% increase in the year 2020 in the world ' s 125gw light voltage, with a long-term perspective and a flat-priced-era light-voltaic sea. There is still a relatively low penetration of photovoltaic power across the globe, and there is much room for improvement. Looking ahead, the energy electrification trend is accelerating gradually (cleaning requirements, electric motorization).
(Trends, etc.), as well as the progressive reduction of the cost of photovoltaic power generation in the price-free age, the rapid import of storage power, and the gradual increase in the proportion of the increase in photovoltaic power to the global total, it can be calculated, depending on the number of hours used, that the additional photovoltaic loader in 2030 will reach 749gw, as shown in the table below (Yellow is assumed and red is the result).
The membrane is a thermally solid film, which is concentrated, durable, optically special.
In photovoltaic components, the film is placed between the steeled glass or the backboard of the component and the solar cell, and is used to encapsulate and protect the battery. The main encapsulations in the current market are eeva, poe, etc.
The value of the film is high, but the cost of the component is low and the price sensitive. For example, the single crystal perc photovolt group, the eva film accounts for a relatively low cost of the component, at around 4 per cent, and the component manufacturer has a low price sensitivity to the eva film, while the quality requirements are high and industry concentration is expected to increase further in the future.
The process of encapsulating solar cells is irreversible, and components usually require a lifetime of more than 25 years, and the failure of the film, such as reduced permeability or yellow transformation during operations, will result in the destruction of solar cells, rendering the components unusable, so that the film is of absolute value in the components. ]
The quality of the components and batteries directly determines the quality and lifetime of the product. Large component manufacturers usually perform long-term, autonomous testing of the eva film and test it after a certification cycle of at least six months, leading to bulk purchasing. Even with certification, new product models need to be re-certified. If exported, they also need to be re-certified.
It is precisely for these reasons that many component manufacturers are more sticky to the membrane enterprise and do not easily replace suppliers, and it will take a long time for new entrants to cross this barrier.
National production replacements are gradually completed, the current plate pattern is stable, and the Forster Dragon is firmly in place. The elastic film has strong technical barriers to production, with highly specialized formulations, modified technologies, production processes, critical production equipment, and stringent requirements for product penetration, contraction, dilatory ageing, etc., and requires many years of experience and continuous improvement on the part of the enterprise.
Before Forster ' s scale-scale production of eva membrane, the global market was dominated by the United States (str), the Japanese trichochemistry (mitsuicicalsfabro), the Japanese monopoly of Bridgestone and the German public administration of etimex, which together accounted for more than 60% of the market share in 2013. Due to the rapid growth in China ' s photovoltaic component production, the market share was higher than 60%.
In 2007, China became the world’s largest demand country for e-film. In this context, early Chinese enterprises that invested in e-film research and development through autonomous research and development or technical cooperation have gradually achieved the domesticization of e-films.
After 2011, companies such as Sweck and Yuyun Yui have gradually gained a market share in foreign firms. In 2019, the national production rate of the film was over 80%, with Foster occupying the global market for photo-voltaic membrane growing steadily, and the global demand for the film grew steadily.
The consumption of the film. With the increase in the annual additions to the global photovoltaic, and even taking into account the decreasing consumption of the single gw film, the demand for the film by the component manufacturer will increase, we expect the global film to be 3.2 per cent ulcer with a competitive advantage in 2019-2021.
The company successfully developed thermomelting retinas in 1994, breaking the monopoly of Japanese enterprises and achieving import substitution. The opportunity to see the quasi-luminous market in 2004, with the experience of thermomelting retinas lateral expansion into the eva film.
In 2019, the company ' s share of the market was about 57%, and it was in absolute oligarchy.
In addition, the company will enter into conventional products in accordance with the characteristics of the industry and the more stable group of major customers.
The company's production and marketing are more certain. The company's production capacity plus, the company's film production capacity at the end of 2019, at 750 million flats, is projected to reach 900 million flats by the end of 2020, 1.5 billion flats in the next three to five years, doubling production capacity to “prosthetic then” and further consolidating its leadership position.
Figure 28: Rapid growth in corporate film sales Figure 29: Growing company film production capacity Figure 30: Far ahead of company film production (billions of square)
The company’s excellent Māori rate comes from a high unit price + low cost. Forster’s unit price, cost, and Māori rate are industry excellent in comparison with the domestic vinyl tap. The high unit price is due to the company’s excellent vinyl performance, the insensitivity of the cost of components to the price of the membrane, the existence of a partial brand premium, and the company’s high-end film production, which pushes prices;
The reason for this is the excellent cost-control capabilities associated with the company’s scale effect, as well as the upstream say in raw materials procurement. High unit prices + low costs contribute to a company’s Māori ratio being superior to that of its peers.
Figure 31: Prices of domestic elastic taps (RM/P) The company’s nearly 90% cost is derived from raw material eva resin. At the cost end, the raw material eva resins account for 89% of the cost of elastic film, so the price of eva films is more influenced by the price of eva resins.
eva resins are ethylene acetylene condensates, mainly used as raw materials for the manufacture of foam, photovoltaic film, cable materials, 30% of which are used in photovoltaic film. As high-va content products used in photovoltaic film are more technically difficult to produce, suppliers are concentrated.
The market demand for eva resins has increased steadily in recent years, and the external dependence of eva resins has fallen to 63% in 2018. Currently, the main domestic producers of eva resins are more productive, Srbang, Yinshan are more productive, and a large number of plants, such as Gure petrochemicals, Yang petrochemicals, etc., will expand their production by the next year.
At the same time, the company has established a long-term and stable partnership with the major petrochemical companies both within and outside the country, with the membrane chain in 2019 close to 60%, the upstream pattern fragmented, the company's strong bargaining power over upstream firms, and the company's film business.
In the last two years, the price of eva resins and eva film has recovered, but the price difference between the two has gradually increased, and the company ' s vinyl business has increased. q2 has been affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices, and the price of eva is collapsing, but the demand for 630 is high, and the company ' s eva film price has moved away from the eva resin.
Short-term performance is positive. In the medium- and long-term, owing to the more radical expansion of the production capacity of upstream raw materials, the demand for eva resin is difficult to keep up with the expansionary pace, and we expect that the price of eva resin will be down in the medium and long term, benefiting companies at the cost end.
The white eva membrane increases the power of the assembly. The white eva membrane is the product of the eva membrane technology upgrade and is used mainly on the back of the photovoltaic component on one side. In the use of the traditional eva membrane, the light passes through the electrical hole in the pond and then reaches the membrane after refraction to the back panel, then reflects the light through the backboard to the battery.
A refraction loss. The new product, the white eva film, is impermeable. Once the light reaches the film through the gap between the cells, the white eva can directly reflect the light back, significantly reducing the loss of refraction and increasing the effective use of the components for solar light. According to the Forster announcement, white filtration can increase the power of the components in single and bibliographies by 1-3w and 7-10w, respectively.
Poe film has excellent antipid properties. In a trend of thinner batteries and more efficient technologies, such as topcon, their antipid properties are weakening, leading to a certain loss of power. Poe film has excellent water vapour barriers compared to traditional eeva film, which enhances the antipid properties of the battery and improves the reliability of its components.
Sex, which is the main envelope of the two-faced and thin-film components, is currently available. Because of the technical difficulties of developing and producing the poe membrane, only a few manufacturers can produce high-quality products. Given the company’s position in the film field, we expect that the company’s market for poe membrane will be over 60%.
The company's Phoe+Whiteeva ratio has increased, with structural gains in profitability. With the wider use of high-efficiency batteries, double-bond components, the power of the components has grown and the resistance to pid properties has become more and more important. We expect the public sector to have 50% of the poo+Whiteeva product in 20 years, higher penetration rates, and the company's rubber business benefits.
The company disclosed an extension announcement for future film plates, investing in all high-end film types, totalling about 450 million flat-line poe film and 500 million flat-line whiteeva film. The company’s high-end product output was enhanced to further optimize product formation and thereby increase overall film profitability.
4.1. The foreign monopoly over the import of photo-resistive membrane, which is a special pcb-manufacturing special product, usually polyethylene membrane, photoresist membrane (phoresis)
The resistant is present in the form of a membrane in the photoresist in the photoresist membrane, also known as the photoresist membrane or the photoresist layer) and the polyester thin film in which the photoresist membrane is the main subject of the photoresist membrane, i.e., the sensory layer, the main component of which is the sensor material used in photomechanical techniques, so the photoresist membrane is also referred to as the photoresistance membrane;
The thin membrane is the vehicle of the sensory layer, and it acts as a membrane of the sensory layer; the polyethylene membrane is the protective layer of the sensory layer, mainly used to isolate oxygen, stratification and avoid mechanical damage. The membrane is mainly used in pcb circuit boards, but at a lower cost and is of great importance.
In space technology, computers, medical instruments, consumer electrons, car electrons, and telecommunications electrons, the pcb circuit board is used. Although the sensor membrane accounts for only 3% of the cost of the pcb circuit board, it is used as an important source material for the development of high-end circuit boards that determines the quality of the board.
With the rapid growth of our pcb industry, production is now the highest in the world, with its share increasing by half and year after year. In recent years, the printed circuit board industry has moved towards high density, high integration, softness, etc., and the use of the membrane has become more widespread.
The market space is wide, and it is expected that the market space will reach $1.99 billion in 2020. The alternative space for the import of the photorestriction membranes is large. Due to the high demand for technology in the production of the membranes, the global market for the membranes has for a long time been chemicalized by Taiwan, Japan has been transformed into a few other countries, such as China, Japan, Japan and Korea.
Companies have a monopoly, domestic firms have a very low market share, and there is much room for future import substitution. 4.2. High-control sub-clients, sensibilized membranes are ready.
The plating and the full coverage of the main market series of ldi (lasers) with high-tech content have reached a national lead. The high-quality light membrane products produced through autonomous research and development have succeeded in breaking through large domestic pcb customers such as deep south circuits, Xingwang Electronics, Oscon, and Xinwang Electronics in 2018, respectively.
The company announced on December 31, 2015 that it had invested $580 million in the construction of a $216 million annual photo-dry film project in Jinan City, Zhejiang, and opened the photo-dry film in 2017.
The market, after which the company’s sales and revenues have increased several times. In 2019, the company issued $300 million in debt-transferable funds to accelerate the launch of the 216 million-square-square-sweet-dry film project, which we expect to produce in 2021, and will be investing in the industry to produce the raw materials and to control the raw materials.
Acrylic monomers account for 55 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, and alkaline soluble resins are virtually unobtainable on the market. They are produced autonomously by photoresist companies, which rely mainly on imports for high-end photo-sensitive acrylic monomers, so they expand their share of the market by providing raw materials for the symmetrical membranes, breaking bottlenecks in the production of the synthetic membranes and increasing the silicon membranes.
Core competitiveness, promoting the rapid development of photolysed membranes, raised nearly 1 billion dollars in 2018 for the construction of two phases of alkaline soluble resins and photo-sensitive monomers in Zhejiang, which are expected to become operational in 2020.
Solar backboards are part of the component. The solar backboards are located on the back of the solar panels, protecting and supporting the battery fragments, enabling them to work normally for long periods of time under harsh conditions. Insulation, water resistance, and durability are its three main bases.
This function. The main backboards currently used in the market are kpk/kpf/kpe structural backboards, tpt/tpf/tpe structural backboards, glass backboards, transparent organic material backboards and other structural backboards, with the kpk/kpf/kpe structural backboards accounting for nearly 60% of the main backboard types. The current mainstream backboard structure is from the outer fluorofilm (resistency, insulation, isolation)
The high growth of photo-voltage machines drives demand for backboards. The demand for photo-voltage backboards is closely related to the amount of photo-voltage machines, and as light voltage continues to grow, we expect that global demand for backboards will continue to grow in the future, and that the global backboards will need to grow in 2020.
National backboards are gradually becoming more dominant, but markets are still fragmented. Because of material and process constraints, early backboards are made mainly by Japanese and Euro-American companies, but with China’s photovoltaic industry, dozens of solar energy are emerging in the country.
Backboard production enterprises. Against the backdrop of the high trend of photovoltaic Internet access and precipitation efficiency, some foreign firms are gradually withdrawing from the market because of the need for rapid rainfall, while the domestic backboards are improving the quality of their products at a lower cost compared to imported products, with a higher share of the market each year.
Corporate backboard sales have grown steadily. The company successfully developed solar backboards in 2009 and, after years of searching, imported large customers in the second half of the year, resulting in a significant increase in sales in 2017 of 89 per cent and 67 per cent, respectively, amounting to 3,735,000 flats and $510 million in revenue. In 2019, backboard revenues of $530 million and sales of 4,968 million flats were steadily increasing.
In 2019, the company’s backboard market was over 6%, followed only by Xuehu technology and China’s share. The luminous backboards overlap with the downstream customer assembly plant of the eva membrane, and the quality of the backboards is high for large component companies, some of which use the eva membrane and backboard packaging strategy, and are therefore public.
The Division can gradually expand its new backboard customers through good customer relationships that have accumulated in the market of elasticity in the eva. New entrants need to produce qualified products on a stable, scale-based basis before they can be supplied after long downstream customer visits, so that product concentration will continue to increase in the future, and companies are expected to further increase their backboard market share.
5.2. In-depth product R & D, Fccl fccl is one of the copper sheets. Cccl is a plated material that immerses electronic fabrics or other enhanced materials with resins, one or both of which are made of copper with heat pressure, and which can be further divided into rigid copper coatings.
fccl is formed from a single or double side of a scratching insulation material, such as polyester membrane or polyamide membrane, which is combed with copper beams through some process. The fccl application is extensive. As the main base of fpc flexible circuit boards, fccl is used mainly in cars and consumption.
China’s mainland, Japan, Korea, Taiwan Bay, China, are the world’s leading producers of fccl, with domestic copper-plate manufacturers mainly involved in the construction of chemicals, the profits of Guangdong, and the South Asia of Kunshan.
The fccl product developed by the company has been marketed and the fccl, which has low power consumption, is in the process of being developed, has not been able to continue further product development, enhance process improvements on the fccl double panel, and enhance the technical core competitiveness of the product. Aluminium plastic film is a packaged material for lithium batteries. As there is electrolyte in the battery, soft package materials are required to withstand.
As organic solvents soak, dissolve, and absorb, while also ensuring a strict barrier between oxygen and moisture, aluminium plastics, which serve as encapsulation material, are also the most technically difficult part of the current lithium battery material field and are largely dependent on imports. Aluminium plastic membranes are formed in three layers, the outer barrier layer (on), which is also known as the base layer, consisting mainly of nylons or pets, and which is designed to protect them.
The intermediate layer is not cut; the middle is the barrier layer (al) formed by aluminum pulp, which protects the form form form from intrusion into water; the inner layer is the high barrier layer (cpp), also known as the electrolytic liquid layer, which is mainly polypropylene material; the layer is glued to the layer. Depending on the preparation process, the aluminium plastic film has two structures, known as aluminum drying and dnp heat.
Aluminium plastics increased with the development of flexible batteries. Aluminium plastics accounted for as much as 17% of the cost of flexible batteries, and were one of the top five materials of the battery. With the continued high sales of new energy vehicles, so did the demand for soft batteries.
As a result of the high performance of downstream customers on aluminium plastics products, only a few of the technology indicators of domestic firms are available to reach the level of the world’s leading firms. Thus, both in the global market and in the country, it is expected that China’s aluminium plastic market will grow to nearly 6 billion in 2025.
The domestic market, with Japanese and Korean firms in an absolute monopoly position. Due to the high cost pressures on domestic lithium battery manufacturers, there is an urgent need to reduce the cost of lithium battery raw materials, while the price of imported aluminium plastics is slower and the domestic agency-based importers and customer service is slower, the need for import substitution of aluminium plastics is becoming more evident, and opportunities for national production of aluminium plastics are becoming more evident.
The company is now full of test-line production, expansion is under preparation, and the company is expected to re-engineer the film on the aluminium plastic film 6. Financial operations are robust, stock-holding schemes are strong, corporate operations are sound, financial are sound. Corporate cash flows are stable, Roe is at the top of the industry, and asset-liability ratios are clear.
Corporate accounting is prudent. The company’s main clients are large component manufacturers, such as Crystal, Lungi, Trinity, Atticos, etc., and their clients are of better quality than their counterparts, but the company has a significant percentage of bad accounts receivable dues for prudence.
In order to motivate employees to work, the company has carried out two employee holding schemes, with not more than 169 participants and not more than 350 participants.
7. Profit forecasting and investment proposals Electronic material business: with the release of new capacity, the opening of downstream channels and the building of upstream resource capacity, corporate incomes and Māori rates have risen steadily, with 20-22 revenues of RMB 200/6.30/1260 million and Māori rates of RMB 20-22, respectively
The oligarchy of pelvis, which doubled in 20-22 years of expansion, has further consolidated its position of dominance; the new materials sector continues to be home-grown 1) and competition has intensified. There are more competitors in the photovoltaic component, silicon, and the expansion of productive capacity, which would have an impact on the profitability of firms if competition were to increase further.
Since 2014, the state has introduced a series of incentives to support the development of the photovoltaic industry, which is still expected to be supported by government subsidies. If subsidies fall too fast in the future, the profit margins of photovoltaic enterprises will be reduced, thus affecting the company’s performance.
3) Overseas expansion is less than expected: the company component is currently expanding overseas, subject to geopolitical, economic, etc. from all over the country, and the growth of overseas sales is uncertain, thus affecting the company’s performance.