q2 profit growth, hundreds of millions of mangoes on the wind, half-yearly performance forecast review of mango super-media > expected to continue to increase membership in the second quarter, with a significant improvement in advertising income over the first quarter
The rate* is a single member's arpu value, and we predict that the number of active users of mangotv in the first half of the year is equal to more than 30%: the rate of conversion of fees is slowly increasing, the value of the arpu is rising to about $10/month, and the average income of 2020h1 members is projected to increase by 50% over the same period in advertising business: the second quarter is expected to see a significant increase in advertising revenue over the first quarter. Soft breadth is the main contributor to the advertising industry.
The second quarter of Mango tv has seen a significant improvement in the number of commercials compared to the same year: in 2020 q2 were on-line with nine self-made polytechnics, for a total of 57; the same number was significantly higher than last year ' s q2 with four home-made polytechs (out of 11); in the first half of the year there were 13 home-made polytechs, two more than in the first half of the year, for a total of 81.
There has been a significant increase in 36 cases over the same period last year (the price of single-brand sponsorship is expected to fall). Hundreds of millions of mangoes have gone through the wind and then went up to the steps to see the results of the "Clusters" and "Mongo Goods" that have resulted in a larger pool of platform users.
The growth in scale is mainly focused on the “circle break” of the film. Mango continued to produce a self-made series in 2020. More than 30 of them were designed, and we kept our confidence in the use of the ceilings by harvesting the high-age and male user groups with visual content. Mango's "goods" dug deep into the value of single users. Mango's "goods" were the core of Mango's fight in 2020.
Ten thousand (not including the unincorporated goods). In terms of product, mangos are concentrated mainly on low-cost goods such as hats, water cups, etc. (a band with an average guest s 00010051811001). We believe that the market of ip will remain open for operation and realization in the future, while Mango focuses on the Year.
The “minor women” group is the most commercially valuable group, looking at the future fine-tuning of mangoes to run their own market space through the Mango good. Unrecurring gains and losses of $139 million in the first half of the year, the sale of Maroons is expected to yield a non-recurring gain and gain of $70 million in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, Mango non-recurring gains and losses were $139 million, q1 amounted to $38 million, q2 non-recurring gains and losses were expected to be $100 million, 1. Mango super-media annual and quarterly reports were mainly generated by the sale of Maroon. In March, the company considered a bill to transfer the shares of participating companies.
Question: The content is growing rapidly, members are highly active, and the 40% equity agreement for the shareholding of the company's shareholding company, Marongshan, is transferred to Mango Media, which holds the company's shareholder.
The value added is $179 million, 40 per cent of the company's share transfer price is $260 million, and the forecast of a quarterly advance point for Mango excess media is expected to yield $70 million in non-recurrent gains and losses.
(a) The extension of the national-funded Internet video platform with a scarce long-term value of the non-changed platform, the reliance on the Hunan Broadband for natural endowments, and the use of the divisional valuation method.
Mango super-media iptv and ott segment vs. brand new-media shares (by 2020 wind unanimous expectations p55x), Mango super-media video company vs. pa share industry (by 2020 p20x~30x), Mangotv part vs. netflix (by 2020 Peng Bo unanimous expectations ps8~10x), media retail pleasure purchases are still small in size due to the reversal of the loss in 2019.
Ps valuations, taken together, we believe that the long-term development of mango super-magos is broad, giving mango super-manufacturers a “recommend” rating. Advertiseers are less than expected; entertainment content is less on-line than expected.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of the Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Vanderbilt University, followed by Dr. V.D. in Financial Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Makdan, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment counselling, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.