Mango supermedia (300413.sz)
On August 27, 2020, the performance of q2 continued to grow at a high rate, and the cash flow of business activity was positive on a year-on-year basis. 1) The 20q2 company achieved a revenue of 3,047 million yuan, an increase of 0.91 per cent, an increase of 11.71 per cent in the ring, and a net return of 624 million yuan.
3) Increase in sales returns from 20h1 and decrease in external lending balances for happy treasures, market data: 26 August 2020 due to non-payment of sales and advertising funds, 87% of which are less than one year old; and corporate contract liabilities
The prepaid fee for the members of the Central Mango tv is 445 million yuan, an increase of 198 million yuan from the beginning of the period. Rightharpoonup platform: content-driven marketing plus, membership increases by 50 per cent, advertising q2 returns. 1) Mango tv achieved operating income of 4,283 million yuan during the reporting period, an increase of 7.76 per cent over the same period, net profit of 1,001 million yuan.
The same growth rate of 49.21 per cent) is driven by a collection of best features + polytheistic content, which combines the integration of new marketing models and ad hoc time precision marketing transformations among the full range of members in the off-site + on-line; effective user growth Basic data: 30 June 2020
q2 rings grew by 32% over the same period. The number of billboards for platform-based polytechnic projects increased by almost 50%, the number of sales of "Sisters in the Wind" updated many records during the reporting period; the number of contracts for film and television projects increased by 300% over the same period, and Happiness next was a new high. 4) Operators' business continued to grow rapidly.
The total income of 729 million yuan, representing an increase of 29.02 per cent over the same period, has reached 31 provinces and 150 million users.
For one of the summer-synchronous features, the platform currently has a total of 4.5 billion hits; in addition, we report "Friends listen to you from cell phones" "Mother and Grandma" on the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
Twenty-one days ago, raping and listening to my "Our Band" and the heat of the show, and, on the N-Day side, company ip's product, "The Wives' Romantic Travel 4" and "Star 5" and so on.
In addition to the development strategy of self-built + external strategic studios, during the reporting period, the company launched the New Mans Productions Project, in collaboration with eight new front-line film production teams.
The next stop in the reporting period, Lucky Under the Clothes, is a 20-H1 blast, and the specials, such as "Sweet Time and You " , have been created in sweet, young, and so on. On the self-contained side, the company controls " Snail " .
Cows and Yellowbirds, "I am not a shopping freak," I'm waiting for you in Beijing, and 14 new opening dramas, including "The Greatness of the Gangs," "The Perfect Evidence of the Ice and Rain Fire," and so on. Eco: Platform Eco-Cooper, actively explores new business hatchings.
The FM platform operates at the core, continuously promoting ecological synergies among the various parts of the company’s internal industrial chain, and providing channels for content realization.
Marketing; mango tv for platform-building games halls, video games, and iptv on-line, competitive channels, which are expected to continue to expand out-of-country channels in the second half of the year; media retailing not only expands the iptv +ott ' s big screen channel, innovates the live traffic of car clouds, creates a power-market platform to open a shop, a star to bring goods on-line, etc.)
During the reporting period, the company actively explored new business incubators, in which it upgraded the Mango programme 2.0, including through the creation of Mango Colleges, the creation of promotion mechanisms, the provision of professional space, the provision of exclusive polycrete, and the proposal of business support, the introduction of kol+ip+ brand marketing, the use of eco-realization and marketing tools.
The head account in the FM mcn matrix has been profitable, with more than 6 million fans in @mcn and more than 10 million followers in homemade microscopic accounts.
The content of the book shows that the 20h2 platform is well-positioned in a variety of arts and dramas, and that the home-made content will continue to contribute to the consolidation of the core competitiveness of the platform.
At the top of the August list, the show " In the name of the family " is currently being aired, and it is expected that there will be a total of about 18 items, including " Honey himself " , " Suspect No. 2 " and " Outer Beach 18 " .
Investment proposals: Keeping in view the core competitiveness of the content of the company, the number of members of the platform and its glue are expected to increase under the powerful inner core of the show + the polycrystry, and the new business landscape, such as the Mangang 2.0, which is strengthening the mango ecology. A proactive, independent and objective presentation of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.