On the night of September 27, the company released a proposed build-up plan for no more than 35 investors.
Mango Media Ltd. was later used to expand the content library and to launch the Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Media Service Platform project:
An indicative announcement of equity that the transfer will not result in a change in the controlling shareholder and the controlling person. The main input is a set of 17 items, including the purchase of the drama + home-made, and 18 items of the mastery: 4 billion yuan in funding to be invested in content resource expansion.
The market value of the share in circulation (million yuan) is 18 copyrights (2.268 billion yuan) for the type-S-class polycrystry programme. The project was built for a 24-month period, and the unit showed a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The platform will be supported by an investment of 500 million yuan in fund-raising. The Mangotv platform for intelligent audio-visual media services will total 581 million yuan, including the Mangotv basic service platform, the Mangotv smart content production platform, and the Mangotv smart content plus.
Modules such as the industrial platform, the mangotv content distribution platform, and the mangotv application service platform. Construction helps to: 1) enhance platform security and autonomous control; 2) layout 5g applications and key technologies, including innovation in programme format (interactive video), and the code of ultra-high-quality video
4k/8k, etc., to upgrade and enrich audio-visual experience and advance patent stocks; 3) to upgrade process intelligence and thereby increase production efficiency. Data cut-off date: 25/09/2020
After the transfer of shares, HUNDAY remains a realist, introducing new investors to be empowered for long-term development: 1) The Mango Media, a company-owned shareholder, currently holds 64.20 per cent of the company's shareholdings, with unlimited sales shares _aaa_Mongo Super-Mongo (300413.sz) semi-annual report
With 16.51%, the Mango media will hold 55.99% of the shares after the transfer of 5.26% of the shares, and will remain the first major shareholder.
_aaa_Mango supermedia (300413.sz) event review, which for the first time covered _aaaa_Mango supermedia in order to better achieve the strategic layout of the two sides towards achieving business complementarities in the 5g era
Co-operation in basic telecommunications, 5g, household products, etc. (300413.sz) _ new integrated state-owned media, industry, and this transfer of equity is also an important strategic resource for the future development of companies, driven by capital cooperation
Business synergies to promote the steady and sustainable development of companies will be followed by continued attention to transfer progress. Xia Qingqing, with tighter regulation of the sector, Mango is expected to gain a larger share of its outstanding content-making capacity and integration advantages:
High-quality content is the foundation of a conglomerate of users, advertising resources, and a rich stock of content will build a strong moat. For the company’s traditional strong polymagnetism track, this fund-raising project is designed to build up a full ss-level project, copyrights have high roi properties, and the company has now in-house hatched several self-built studios and successfully made more high-quality jobs.
Self-made products, which are more secure than expected in terms of input output; 20 years after the earlier relatively weak episode, it became evident that the purchase, self-production and acquisition of a rich copyright content allowed users to expand the circle and maximize copyright value through their own channels.
Distinguished integration advantages achieved rapid growth, with the platform ' s user data not performing at a rate of 10,000, except to take the lead in making a profit; Dau to 53.5 million people, outnumbering the good (4.48 million) to the third place; monthly per capita daily use rose to 86.2min (74.62min in July), surpassing the Aichi culture (69.14min) and tether.
Risk factors: deceleration risk in membership growth; underperformance after content is online; iptv+0t layout less effective than expected; new business expansion less than expected.