Huananan Watch organized the 2021 Chamber of Commerce, the monsoon program's short-time model, which led to the development of the industry's ecology, the Mango Super-Memorial Tracking Review, the 70-minute-only weekly series of 12 episodes, which is expected to be broadcast on the Hunan Watch and Mangotv.
Apologize the short play from Acid's "Mistress of Mists": "Standards of Styrofolios" have a unified style, fast-paced, high-level slogans. The Mist Theatre is a suspicious type of theatre for Aichis this summer, including the Ten Days Game, "Silence in Casualties" / Department, which is very well-produced. From the airing: "Ten Days Game" is now on the line.
The Unit, compared to the 300-by-cent trend during the broadcast of "The Secret Corner" and "The Truth of Silence"
The monsoon project has created a short play mode to watch Hunan Radio lead the ecology of the industry through a short theatre. The monsoon project has two episodes a week, a single 70 minutes, a weekly pattern of 12 episodes, and the theatre will operate in Hunan.
In terms of production power, the team that published the monsoon plan included tigers, top film producers like Zhang, and a strong production team; in terms of commercial liquidity, the monsoon plan will explore all aspects of innovation in advertising, custom models, etc. We believe that, with this year's Achicchi art skepticism, we will be able to create a new, innovative, innovative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, creative, and creative.
With the launch and success of the Mist Theatre, the future platform-led short-playing model will become a major feature of the television industry, with Mangotv, on the one hand, relying on the Hunan Broadband platform for transmission with the advantage of a network, and Mangotv, on the other, bringing together a large number of top production teams to watch the future of Mangotv in the context of the content lanes of the TV show, to achieve user and audience.
The revenue from the advertising of members continues to grow. By branch valuation, we forecast the revenue from the Mangotv platform (advertisement + membership + copyright distribution) to be $7.810 billion in 2020-2021, of which the share of copyright distribution has fallen to less than 10%, giving Mango 10xps in 2021.
Valuations (references to Nak Fai and Beep Beeps, but with mangos growing higher than mangos); the forecasted revenues for the year 20-21 are $1.72 billion, respectively, and based on the profitability of comparable shares in the new media (40% to around 50%) and 2021e valuations (~30x), we conservatively estimate a 20-year profit margin for mango super-mango operators.
At the same time, 30 x valuations were given for 2021 (mangotv has a home-made content compared to new media shares); for Mango Recreation/Day Recreation/Mango Film, four companies, corresponding to 200 million bets in 2020, the average valuation levels of the Reference Video Productions (20-25 x) were given to four companies for the 2020 25xpe valuation; we believe that mango super-momentation is long-term.
1. Mango super-media: the future of mangos in power and power companies 2. Mango super-media: report for the second half of 2020: number of members.
Advertisements are not as popular as expected; entertainment content is not as high as expected. Nearly 28 million, with a long-term view of the company's “tracking” forecast for financial statements.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of the Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Vanderbilt University, followed by Dr. V.D. in Financial Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Makdan, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment counselling, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.