An increase of $4.5 billion is proposed, and 5.3 per cent of the total share capital of the Mango media is to be transferred to strategic shareholders.
At the same time, the company's controlling shareholder Mango Supermedia has proposed to raise an additional 4.5 billion dollars for copyright purchases and system-building to provide a financial basis for the platform's growth \triangleright
This increase is expected to raise no more than RMB 4.5 billion, mainly for the expansion of the content resource base (US$ 4 billion) and the construction of the Mangotv intelligent audio-visual media service platform (US$ 500 million).
The project was built for a 24-month period. The company estimated that the total contribution of the project to the expansion of the content library would be $5.15 billion, with net profits of 286 million (net interest rate – 5.5 per cent).
The main objective of the project is to enhance the future of the overall platform-level solutions in ultra-clear video, interactive video, re-consumable video, etc., to accelerate the integration of mangotv in terms of resources, technology, services, operations, processes, and to provide a solid platform for the implementation of the mangotv integration strategy.
As of the semi-annual report of 2020, the company still had a monetary fund of $4.94 billion on its books, with sufficient cash on its books, and this grant was used mainly for content copyright purchases (the largest investment in long video platforms for film and copyright, with the company spending $5.64 billion in 2019, and 2.23 billion in the first half of 2020, with an estimated 7-8 billion yuan in the year).
Holding shareholders are planning to transfer 94 million shares to strategic shareholders, or 5.26 per cent of the company’s total stock. We believe that the main purpose of this transfer is to introduce important strategic resources for the company’s future development and to promote business synergies through capital cooperation.
We believe that this fund-raising will further supplement the company's cash assets and provide an adequate financial basis for the company's future “breakdown” of the user base by buying and making home-grown copyrights; this equity transfer of shareholders will introduce key strategic shareholders into the future development of Mango and is expected to bring important strategic resources into the development of the platform in the long term. We will do so by branch.
The valuation method gives the platform a valuation, predicting the share of the Mango tv platform (advertisement + membership + copyright distribution) in 2020-2021 of $7.810 billion, of which copyright distribution has fallen to less than 10 per cent, giving Mango a valuation of 10xps in 2021 (reference to nanofly and belley bells valuations, but mango is a high-growth player compared to nego); and expected operator operations.
In 20-21, the revenue was $1.72 billion, with a conservative estimate of 40 per cent of the 20-year profit rate for Mango super-mango operators, based on the profit margin of comparable company shares in the new medium (40-50 per cent or so).
In 2021, the Chamber of Commerce, the short model of the monsoon scheme, was awarded a 2021 30x valuation (mangotv has a home-made content compared to the new media shares); and for mango entertainment/circumstration-led industry ecology.
Media/Mango Entertainment/Mango Films 4 companies, corresponding to 200 million bets in 2020, with a reference to the average valuation level of the Video Production Company (20~25x) and an estimate of 25xpe in 2020 for four companies; we believe that Mango super-movement is long-term, 2. Mango super-movement: the future of mangos in power company business
There is wide scope for development, with a “recommended” rating for mango supermedias. Advertising offers are less than expected, and entertainment content is less on-line than expected.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of the Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Vanderbilt University, followed by Dr. V.D. in Financial Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Makdan, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment counselling, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.