On 28 September 2020, the President of the Republic of Macedonia announced the creation of a new campaign to strengthen the content and strengthen the ecological architecture of the Mango super-magnetism (300413.sz).
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) • Companies publish non-public release plans, expand quality content production and maintain “buy-in” ratings
Of this amount, $4 billion was invested in a project to expand the content resource base for the purchase of Internet exclusive copyrights for 6 s-scale cinemas, 11 a-level video shows (custody), 18 s-level polygenics; and $500 million in the Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Media Service Platform project for the construction of mango tv smart content.
We believe that this non-public fund-raising will help companies to expand the quality of the play and the ability to produce comprehensive products, enrich content levels, further engage users, increase membership and advertising income, and, on the other hand, enhance their research and development capabilities and the intellectualization of content production and maximize the productivity of the platform.
We're looking at the company's outstanding content-making capabilities, which range from a complex of art to a play-set, to a synthesizing model of content marketing, which promises high growth. We maintain the previous profit projections, predicting the company's equity shareholders' intention to introduce strategic investors through the transfer of equity, create synergies, add-code eco-building.
In May 2019, the company introduced China's mobile subsidiaries as the second largest shareholder, taking advantage of synergies between its operations in iptv, ott, etc., and deepening Mangotv.
Cooperation with Micah's home-grown content has worked well. We believe that this transfer of equity and the campaign, if completed, will help companies to achieve business synergy with strategic investors and consolidate the advantages of their content, while continuing to enrich and perfect the mango ecology and enhance their liquidity.
• Building self-contained barriers to content, power content power suppliers, opening up the space for performance growth The company's reserves include such high-quality plays as "The Excellent Paediatric Doctors," "The Angry Orange Sunny" and "The Everything in its Hand" and "Super "The Corporate Information Update - Members' Income has increased significantly.
Accompaniment, Star Detective 6, Friends listen to 2 and so on. We believe that corporate dramas, solid home-grown content barriers, widening the eco-protector's river, can continue to be released, and it is hoped that the conglomerates will be able to get their content out of the loop, and that their membership will continue to grow faster and increase.
Arppu; the creation of the "Mang Man" power content electric power provider, which is expected to provide a catalytic response to the "ip+kol+ "Corporate Information Update - A Performance Alert " brand " through Plan 2.0 of the Great Mangang, has left much room for sustained performance growth.
Over-expected, refined content or continuing to contribute to high growth The risk of less than expected income growth; uncertainty about the impact of changes in policy in the content sector on companies.
New Trends in Leading Integrated Arts Marketing, Content Production and Artist Brokering - 2020.7.7