The content is constantly being validated and the ecological layout is constantly improving.
At the end of June 20, Mangotv had 27.6 million active members, an increase of 50.57 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. 2) The epidemic affected q1 advertising revenue, with members substantially increasing their membership + the content of the bomb.
The market value of the share in circulation (millions of yuan) is mainly due to the q1 company's adjustment to the content product design strategy in response to the impact of the epidemic, with the q2 advertising industry experiencing a 32% increase in its revenue margin, returning to the growth track.
Under a matrix of advertising products that works together, the platform's ulterior arts project has seen an overall increase of about 50 per cent in the number of advertising orders, and the "Sisters in the Wind" hiring data has updated many records, and the total number of clients has exceeded 40, and the total number of film and television advertisements has increased by 300 per cent.
At the end of June 20, the operator’s operations covered 31 provinces, highlighting the innovative power of mangoes.
Accomplishment + 9%; exclusive 70%, effective 75%. Focus on youth urban content. Data cut-off date: 26th of August 2020, “Sunday Sweet Theatre” was launched, with women accounting for up to 77% of the targeted audience.
The Bones' Shadows, the number of the year's drama, The Next Stop is Happiness, 4.56 billion, is now in the fifth place on the annual list, and the hot air, The Family, is now in the twelfth place, both of which are the single aaaa mango super-momentation (300413.sz) event reviews.
(ii) In the field of amphibious arts, 20h1 mangotv was effectively aired with an increase of 16 per cent in the same year. (It was the first time that the Division covered _aaa_ mango supermedia (300413.sz) _ new media in the integrated state.
It is based on the basic `Cycling' program, and its continuous dynamic and innovative variety triggers the expansion of the circle, with its higher number of male users, such as The Perimeter, rapping and listening to me, leading to the expansion of the user circle.
Xia Qingqing, with its two harvests, effectively and continuously boosts the number and income of its members and raises the volume of advertising.
• Based on content advantage, the iptv+ott operation layout is starting to work. The Mangotv smart screen centre completes the transport network centre, the Smart Hardware centre integrates the iptv+ot smart screen as the core layout multiscreen interactive layout is starting to work. 1) for iptv, the ratio of revenue to profits in the off-provincial business continued over the 20h1 period.
Upgrade; online "Intelligent Recommendation 1.0" system, which integrates operating platforms that are effective by integrating operational platforms, upgrades the rate of content product clicks to almost 30%; and introduces sports, music, and rich content matrices.) On ott, according to the correct data, the Mango tv spot was ranked fourth in July 20, mau being
349.9 million households, 9 per cent on the ring scale, ranked 1st in the 0tt media; at the same time, Mango Watch ranked 1st in the iptv video lanes throughout the day and in the evening; and the new show "Big Brother Full of Dollars " , with Dau 4.56 million households at the top of the show, with content superiority plus license advantage for business start-up business.
The cultural state has a mission and a values-based approach: companies are the only Internet video companies that are integrated, end-to-end, especially scarce, and, as agents of the state enterprise, maintain a price-based orientation and a mainstream position. In the fight against poverty, the new crown pneumonia epidemic, and a series of major publicity events,
1. Strengthening public opinion by means of high-profile topics, special documentaries, public service announcements, positive energy campaigns, end-of-the-mode, etc.; 2) Mangotv's up-to-the-line channel, with pro-poor live broadcasts, and innovative expressions of “multicultural plus public goods”; and the creation of the Mango Supermarket, a pro-poor supermarket and a pro-poor market.
Big-blow matrix, cloud supermarkets entering 22 pro-poor origins, 24 “Governors” live, 8078 aired directly by farmers, with a total of 9.43 million ordered as of the end of July. Rate control increased, refunds increased: 20h1 advertising billed at $422 million (oy-31.11 per cent), sales
The rate decreased by 4.12 pc, resulting in an increase in the net interest rate to 19.1% (19h1 compared to 14.59%), which is the combined effect of an increase in sales returns and a reduction in loans disbursed.
It is expected that the number of members and business income will continue to grow at a high rate.
Over a million members return, making ordinary users more efficient to pay for membership. Cost controls, home-made + vertical, yielding good roi. There are currently 20 mangotv-multicultural production teams, 27 self-owned + strategic video production teams.
The new way to open ads on TV is to guarantee the revenue from the commercials. The Internet, affected by the epidemic, is generally down, and the Mongo hirings' performance highlights the recognition of their value by the advertisers; they continue to give high-value ip+ through the creation of a worldwide advertising marketing system, custom-made gaming, and the Mango project.
Star+head kol+Change's new live feed model is expected to add new value to advertising revenue generation. 3) New business expansion, front-line technology layout. Man plans to upgrade to 2.0 and explore the formation of an ecosystem consisting of content such as pgc/pugc/ugc; explore smart screen commercial realization; and build power platforms to open shops,
Stars live to bring new business; further strengthens ip+, such as ip derivative development, ip-based script killing, etc. On the technical side, the system infrastructure for existing operations is being upgraded, applications are being upgraded, innovative exploration is being undertaken, talent is being stored to upgrade algorithms, explore ar/vr, cloud games, margin computing, etc. 5g new applications.
Risk factors: deceleration risk of membership growth; underperformance of content on-line; iptv+0t layout less effective than expected; new business expansion less than expected.