Mongo Super-Mechanism (300413.sz)
Media / Digital Media Growth, Income Tax Policy Adjustments Disturbing Performance. 1) During the first half of the month of 24, the company achieved income of $6,960 million, net profit returns to mothers of $1,065 million, corresponding to 2%, -15%, respectively.
zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn on the impact of the expiry of the income tax exemption policy (193 million yuan in the first half of the year and 595,000 yuan in the same period in the previous year), mainly due to the increase in the head content reserve, resulting in a short-term decline in net operating cash flows
Rapid growth in membership, steady recovery in advertising, and sustained growth in innovation. 1) For the first half of the year, staff income increased by 2,486 million yuan, compared to 27 per cent, benefiting from a system of quality content and membership rights: Blasts, represented by Singer 2024, Wind 2024, and Funners with Phoenix.
Long Group, a popular set of events that represents a powerful force for the rapid growth of membership: the system of innovative membership rights. Billions of dollars, down 4% from the same year, are expected to accelerate the recovery of advertising operations through innovative marketing strategies and the optimization of the arithmetic, along with a subsequent industrial recovery, with firm content and platform flow advantages;
(iv) The content electrician has maintained a rapid expansion, bringing the size of the minimv to $6.65 billion, an increase of nearly 50 per cent and a decrease of nearly 40 per cent in the same year; on the one hand, the Mango large model has officially been cleared and incubated with more than 40 applications.
The Mango Supermix (300413.sz)-23 annual report and 24q1 rating: advertising speed increases first; video dramas top 17, with an aggregate of more than 150 short-screen shows, are expected to be available throughout the year.
Mongo Super-Memorial (300413.sz)-q3 Performances are on the same line, with attention to membership and advertising at least 300 fine screen screens; 2) Second half of the year, "Stand-off 4 " Flowers and Adolescents 6 " Mango Super-Memorials (300413.sz) - Strong, marginal improvements in advertising.
The best art, such as "Flowing Flowers" and "Dance Flowers" , is expected to be on the line with "Mango Supermixes" (300413.sz) — a good stock of content, advertising is expected to touch the bottom line, members and advertising continue to go up: at the same time, there are more than 80 screen shows.
A good foundation was created by Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) - looking at the company's 2023 stock of polymechanical content, which is likely to grow and maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
The growth in revenue was robust and the income tax policy was adjusted to disrupt performance. 1) During the first half of the year, the company achieved an operating income of $6,960 million, resulting in a net profit return of $1,065 million, representing an increase of 2 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, corresponding to an overall spread. Net cash flows from activities amounted to -180 million (compared to $1.05 billion in the same period in the previous year), mainly in the head.
Reserves, resulting in a short-term decline in net operating cash flows. Rapid growth in membership, steady recovery in advertising, and sustained growth in innovation. 1) Income from membership earned 2,486 million yuan in the first half of the year, benefiting from quality content and membership equity systems: by Singer 2024, Leisure 2024.
The rapid growth in the size of the membership for the popular arts represented and for the popular show entitled " With the Phoenix " ; the innovation of the membership rights system, with over 300 member benefits, steadily increasing the value of the arpu; and the promotion of an advertising business of 1.721 billion yuan, with the subsequent recovery of the industry and firm firm company ownership.
Content advantages and platform flow advantages, which are expected to accelerate the recovery of advertising through innovative marketing strategies and optimization of the ai algorithms; 3) operator operating revenues of $750 million, largely influenced by the short-term effects of television industry governance; 4) content power providers continue to expand at a rapid rate, reaching $6.65 billion for small Mandarin electric power providers, an increase of nearly 50 per cent and a decrease in the same rate.
In the case of the Mango Large Model, which has been officially certified and incubated with more than 40 related content, it is expected that it will continue to improve in the second half of the year.
17 on-line, with a total of more than 150 on-line and not less than 300 on-line screens expected throughout the year; 2) In the second half of the year, Bounty 4 " Flowers and Young People 6 " , "Audible Plays 2 " , "Dance Blossoms " , are expected to motivate members and advertising to continue.
The investment proposal is to maintain the profit forecast and maintain the "better than the big market" rating. We expect a net return of 24/25/26 years to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author