24h1 Review: Net gains from income tax, high growth in members' income driven by quality content 23 years of gold eagle cartoons, adjusted for the same period of the previous year, yoy + 2.46 per cent); The decline in return is mainly influenced by changes in corporate income tax preferences.
The decline in comparison is mainly influenced by changes in corporate income tax preferences. • Membership: driven by popular philanthropy, with a high growth rate 24h1 members achieving income of 2,486 million (yoy+27%) in their business, which accounts for Internet videos
The share of business income exceeds 50%, and the rapid growth in membership has been stimulated by popular art, represented by Singer 2024, Wind 2024, and by a live play, represented by Phoenix, Happy Parents.
At the same time, companies have continued to innovate in their membership rights systems, with more than 300 member benefits.
Innovating member value-added operations by means of a catalogue of tickets, members ' customized programmes, plus courtesy and the exclusive rights and interests of high-ranking members, increasing the user ' s sense of value and willingness to pay, and continuously and steadily raising the value of the arppu.
• Advertising: a downward trend in the influence of macro-factors, but a persistently narrow fall in 24h1 advertising revenues of $1,721 million (4 per cent) and a sustained decline in the same-year period 24h1 influenced by macro-factors, low willingness of advertisers to invest and companies to stabilize their heads
Clients invest their budgets, multi-dimensional development of blue-sea customers, etc., to stabilize the advertising business. In this context, there is a more pronounced trend towards the restoration of quality advertising, and relatively late recovery of brand advertising. • Operators’ operations: influenced by the governance of the television industry and short-term downswing of the operator’s operations
24h1 operators achieve revenues of 750 million yuan (Yoy-46%), mainly influenced by the governance of the television industry. As television charges become more regulated in the long run, companies, as the only market players with iptv and ott plates, will benefit from high-quality industry development.
• Mango super-media 23q3 performance rating: Stable profits. Under the General Directorate of Wide Electricity, 24h1 companies and their partners were released around a billing package and a bill, following developments in November with the Chamber of Commerce.
Improved television screen services such as billing content, ordering processes, free operations, etc. to achieve first performance rating for mango excess media of 23q1: positive growth in net profit of 23q1 and 23 years of content reserve
The share of free content recommended on the front screen is no less than 50%, which makes the operator more valuable and more aggressive, with some impact in the short term. But, in the long run, with the television big screen industry watching and using it,
• Mango super-media 22q3 performance rating: advertising industry; household uplifting; companies, as the main players in the market with iptv and ott license plates, are putting short-term pressure on their members and operators.
• New media interactive entertainment: Goldhawk cartoons continue to release profits and ip commercial innovation continues to advance 1) New acquisitions: 24H1 Goldenhawk cartoon profits increase by about 15% over the year.
In the top 10 of the distribution index, the Golden Eagle has three seats, including " Three Children Here " , " Flying Children ' s Garden " , " Play House " . 2) The original business is: the Artist Broker ' s plate, and the 24h1 Artist Broker ' s Energized Trails are built.
Set up 11 new performers contracted by the Leisure Media, with 77 new performers contracted; music board, based on a team of professional music artists and popular music programmes, to continuously expand the copyright library of phonograms, video-multicultural music: in addition, production of ip tours, m-city, etc. integrated on-line
The project is also steadily expanding and layoutd, with a series of commercial customizations, such as the 2024 Young Mango Nights, the Mogoca “Unlimited x” concerts.
24h1 Mangv, an increase of nearly 50% over the same year, is nearly 40% less. 24h1 MangWords reach out to the user community by a variety of means: first, to create an interactive stream of ip programmes + live broadcasts: to move the Super Live Room.
On the scene of the show, multiple live broadcasts like "Hello, Saturday" and "Congress" have reached the level of industry head-to-head: second, mass copying of custom-made art: "Travel Two Jumps into Geographic Books" close to gmv.
Billion dollars, with nearly half a million items of Motivated A product sold, boosted the male user ratio to 30 per cent through special-coloured products such as National Windmill A and custom-made content; and finally, happy buy-in fully exploits mango ecological advantages: happy buys are built around television screens.
The original program, p.p., boosts the flow shift, and actively develops a consumer service platform for the silver-breeding population. Members’ price increases create a risk of user loss; a risk of policy regulation; and a lack of timeliness or quality in the new episode.
Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives. The 2015 Crystalball 3rd and 2017 new laws use legally compliant information to produce the report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report come from open information on the market. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change anything.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.