The media and Internet groups have grown in double digits and net interest rates are subject to taxes.
Income: double-digit growth in membership, steady advertising, short-term performance of operators 1. Mango Supermedia In-depth Research: High-quality content is kernel, network-based pressure, content power suppliers perform well. 1) Members: 1h24 earns $2.49 billion/yoy+26.8%.
Singer 2024 and Phoenix, among other things, have led to a rapid growth in membership, with a reduction of 100 million/yoy-3.9 per cent, a decrease of 13.4/1.0pt and steady progress. 3) Job management, optimized around services such as fees, with a ratio of free content recommended on the first screen.
Not less than 50% is affected in the short term. 4) Content power providers: 1h24 earn 1.36 billion/same increase of 8.7%, of which the small Mandarin power provider gmv6650 billion/same increase of nearly 50%, while net interest rates are subject to changes in tax preferences. 1h24 pay-as-you-go net interest rates, deducting non-net interest rates.
The decrease is partly offset by higher interest income from investment in claims;
The net interest rate fell more than the net parent rate, mainly because of the increase in uneconomical gains, such as trust money. The outlook follows: the second half of the year was rich, the medium- and long-term focus on corporate inputs - the positive cycle of income generation growth.
In the middle and long term, there are currently 56 such teams.
Twenty-two video production teams and 36 strategic workshops of the New Men's Plan are the country's largest leading polysymphony producers, while at the same time guaranteeing the supply of follow-up content in the production series.
The content performed less than expected; the advertising owner ' s demand was repaired less than expected; the user ' s growth was less than expected: core team separation risk: content control risk.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.