Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz): first half of the year, revenue and turnover increased, with membership becoming the core driver of performance growth Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz)
Incidents: Mango super-media released performance reports for the first half of 2024. The company achieved $6,960 million in the first half of 2024, an increase of 246 per cent in the same year, and business profits of $1,233 million, an increase in the same amount.
During the second quarter alone, the company achieved 3,636 million revenues, a 9.4 per cent ring increase, a 1.5 per cent decline in the same year;
2.70 per cent less than the same year, with a mangmv of $6.65 billion, or close to 50 per cent higher than the same year, and while maintaining a rapid expansion, nearly 40 per cent less is well under way.
The current revenue was 2,486 million yuan, a 27 per cent increase in the same year, representing more than 50 per cent of the income from the Internet video business, a rapid growth in membership and a steady increase in the value of the Arpu; the overall trend towards a recovery in the advertising business remained unchanged, with $1.721 billion, a 4 per cent decline in the same year, with a clear trend towards the restoration of the advertising effect, which the company will
Stable head clients put their budgets on the table and develop blue-sea clients in a multidimensional manner; the operator's short-term decline in business, with a current revenue of 750 million yuan, a 46 per cent decline in the same year. As the only market owner with iptv and ott plates, the company is expected to benefit from high-quality industry development.
The q2 q2 ecstasy has been ranked, with Mango at the top of the 4-long video platform, and 56 on-line in the first half of the year.
In the same period of the year, there was an increase of 17 tranches. Singer 20224 was ranked at the same time as every stage of the programme.
Highlights such as "Flowing Flowers" and "Dance Flowers" are expected to provide a solid foundation for the art. (2) In the first half of the year, Mangotv was on-line for 17 films, "Gang Sindha Securities Company " , Inc.
(b) cindasecuritiesco. Ltd. set up a micro-innovation centre, which accumulates more than 150 short shows on the line, and the company is expected to be on the line no less than the year round.
On August 22, Mangotv launched a program of in-depth collaboration with fast-trackers to explore the length of the Golden House B building.
In the field of short dramas, Mangotv and fast-trackers are planning to launch more than 100 short dramas in the coming year; Mangotv Mangang will join forces with the fast-handed Mangang short-player to create casework in the short-play industry; and there will be further cooperation between the two sides in the distribution and dissemination of short-play mandates.
If there is a possibility of adjustment in the income tax policy, the company’s profits will be restored.
The rate is 15.7% and the income tax rate of 24q2 is 15.3%, compared with the income tax rate of 23h1 per cent and the income tax rate of 23q2 per cent - 0.2 per cent. Given the problem of income tax in state enterprises, we believe that there is a possibility of subsequent tax adjustments and that some companies are expected to reduce the actual tax through local tax returns.
The rate of payment, the income tax benefits for early years of cultural development, and the actual tax rates after the end of the 23rd year have now increased considerably and are expected to recover on the same basis for 25 years. If there are adjustments in the subsequent income tax policy that will boost the income of the members, we expect that the 24H2 priority show, " Scratch 4 " , " Flowers and Flowers " , will be able to recover on the same basis.
The highlights of Young People 6 and Hong Kong Music Season 2 and Flowers and Dance Flowers will provide a solid basis for the subsequent boom. We look forward to the recovery of corporate members, advertising earnings and overall performance throughout the year, and if there is a possibility of a change in the subsequent income tax policy, the company is expected to earn a profit.
Risk factors: Policy regulation issues, broadcast of content on-line less than expected, project on-line rhythm B.A. 2016-2021, employed in Skywind securities, covering a number of plates such as the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, as well as in Yuan cosmos, sports level B.A. Computers, Kyoto Post and Telecommunications University, formerly in telecommunications, first-level market, three years of business, five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, etc.)
Business experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, the Internet, etc. 5 years of research and research, with long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
Bai Yunhan, a member of the Sinda Securities Media Internet and overseas team. Master of Finance, University of Connecticut, United States, which was a part of the investment of the Tung Tse Enterprise, has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.