Waiting for content to rekindle the growth of advertising to see how the light of technology can give rise to cultural development, a mango super-momentation (300413.sz) event review report.
The Mango super-media announcement: In the first half of 2024, the company generated $6.96 billion in operating income zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn-digit growth, highlighting positive feedback on the input and membership growth of Mangotv content.
In the same downswing, the overall recovery has been marked by the first restoration of merit advertising and a slight delay in the reheating of branding. Operators have experienced short-term declines in income but have long benefited from high industry content levels, mixed art, and Mangotv has been on line in the first half of 2024.
The second half of 2024 shows such as Flowers and Young People 6 and Audibles 2 and Dance Flowers:
At the beginning of the episode, in the first half of the year 2024, Mango tv was launched with 17 video shows, actively increasing its internal input and storing more than 80 films, such as "National Fragrances" and "Aqueous Longsongs" and so forth.
It is expected that no fewer than 300 fine screen shows will be available throughout the year.
Members, 6,653,000, started the Mango tv merchants, 6.65 billion yuan in 2024 (revenues increased by nearly 50 per cent and lost nearly 40 per cent in the same year).
It's a steady, quiet, content-driven ad, and the Mangotv international "multiplier" program of 2024 is working.
The Mango tv international version of the "multiplier plan" was launched in 2024.
The major copyright output continues to promote the mango mix, raising the visibility of the overseas world, and the international Mango tv downloads more than 190 million times abroad. The company became a big model laboratory, the Mountain Sea Institute, and self-researched the Mango Large Model.
(more than 40 related applications hatched) to actively explore cutting-edge technologies such as the ai application and industrial innovation to accelerate the development of new-quality productivity in the cultural field. Multiply, as a blended media head, the size advantage of the regular supply of content in 2024 was folded down.
In the medium term, it is possible to see how technology can give rise to new developments in cultural content based on the income of its members.
The new business explores less than expected risks, the golden eagle's cartoons fail to perform better than expected, the film industry does not examine risks, the artist's own factors pose potential risks, and the artist's own factors do not have the potential to do so.
The new consumption group in the media presents the risks associated with the lack of access to the programme, the risk of brain drain, the lack of application of new technologies and the risk of expected risks and macroeconomic fluctuations.
So far: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, joined the League of China Securities Research Institute in November 2021, covering, inter alia, the Internet section of media games. This reflects my research. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.