The Mango Supermix (300413) report, members' income growth, changes in income tax policy affecting profits - Mango Supermix (300413), semi-annual review, 2024.
Stable income and declining profits on a year-on-year basis as a result of changes in corporate income tax preferences (millions):
Of this amount, 2,486 million yuan was realized in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 27 per cent in the same year. The performance was excellent, benefiting from the promotion of quality content and membership equity systems. The advertising industry generated 1,721 million yuan, compared to 46 per cent, representing a decline in the previous half of the year, mainly in the implementation of the television industry by companies and operators ' partners.
Governance deployment, overall optimization of television screen-related services such as “pay-for-money” “single-point content” “off-the-shelf operations” and short-term value-added business income.
Routine; content power provider 24h1 collects 1,357 million yuan, i.e. +8.74 per cent of the year. The first half of the year, gmv, and the first quarter of 2024, reported a steady growth in performance, with a membership innovation of 6.65 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 50 per cent from the same year, and a MK subsidiary income of 457 million, i.e., a comparison.
In the first half of the year, a variety of items were introduced, followed up by a rich and persistently high content barrier, which led to a steady growth in performance and the acquisition of gold eagle cartoon content strategy.
In the second half of the year, the stocks of Mango tv, which is the most effective broadcaster in the industry, are featured in the highlights of Mongo tv.
17 plays, with a steady pace, with the Phoenix leading the first six months of the market.
The FM platform operates at its core, with collaborative development upstream and downstream. We expect the company to perform less than expected in 2024-2026, with new business developments less than expected, macroeconomic volatility, and so on.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts