The Mango model was approved to promote technology and content depth, and a review of Mango supermedia (300413) took place on 25th of July 2024.
On 23 July, the Mango tv large model of the company's fully-owned subsidiary Hunan Happy Sunshine Interactive Entertainment Media, Ltd., was officially filed for clearance through the Central Networking Office (CNSO) to become the third and fourth batch in Hunan Province through the generation of artificial intelligence.
The Mango model has achieved a full-scale coverage and contributed to the high-quality development of the audio-visual industry in Hunan Province.
Based on the data and content creation experience of the wide electricity industry, the aim is to create a reliable, manageable, manageable, and applied vertical field model that can support a wide range of industry applications such as creative programming, content creation and generation, role-producer dialogue, and content-generation recommendations.
The Department is actively exploring the step-by-step audio and video industry of the IA applications to accelerate the development of new-quality productivity.
The new media and entertainment industry has developed space to contribute to the high-quality development of the Hunan audio-visual industry and the integration of culture and technology.
The four platforms have worked together to build the mango biosphere, develop and apply technology, take full advantage of the rich application landscape, actively explore cutting edges such as the ai, make steady progress in 2023, indicators are good, and multiple platforms are synergizing.
In addition to the above-mentioned innovations, more than 40 ai products have been introduced, with a wide range of applications, such as content ecology, media operations, advertising, membership interaction, video clips, content production, etc.
23 years of robust, dynamic content-extension ecology, enhancement of recommended conversion effects, introduction of an ai multi-modular search and creation engine to achieve a sea level content second-scale interactive search through vector engines and dialogue models; contribution to the reduction of efficiency, ai2 short-lived
The video is used in such amphibious programmes as " Scratch " , " Midway " , which produces more than 1 million short videos, significantly reducing the costs of content dissemination and platform access; improving operational efficiency, developing aigchub application platforms, integrating text, such as field models, ai paintings, voice generation, etc.
Like, voice-model aigc capabilities; innovative business models, working with large model companies to launch a role-dialogue product, and heat up a pronunciation model and "Little in Love" 2 and so on.
Menip connects to create an i role chat scene, test water for a new mode of realization, increase user sticky s027005050001 and activity; explores a new model of amphibious creation, and creates the first Ii director to participate in me.
In addition, the combination of ai and content depth, Lee Hong Kong, is an important exploration for the company. Aigc has an audio play, aigc script, aigc sea.
Risk factors: uncertainty in policy regulation, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.