Aceeds of heat, integrated development of cultural science and technology, mid-2024 report performance rating, Mango supermoderator (300413.sz)
Billion dollars, or 246 per cent increase over the same period in 2023 (with adjusted calibers used for the same period in 2023); continued robust business development in the net master camp, with the acetogenesis logic continuing for the first half of 2024, Mango tv : yezheng_yj@chinastock.com.cn
A total of 56 different types of amphibious (events, derivatives) were added to the same figure by 17. The first half of the year was the first year of effective performance in the industry and continued to consolidate the art leadership. Singer 2024 was the flagship of the company, and the coverage of each issue was at the same time as the provincial security team.
The research assistant has been able to broadcast a total of 15,889 million copies of the same logic. In addition, the new media interactive content production and content electricity businesses achieved operating revenues of $634 million and $1,357 million, respectively, in the first half of 2024.
Actively exploring the iTechnology, the Mango Large Model of the Corporation for the Integration of Cultural Science and Technology has been documented to support the creative design, content creation and generation, role-producer dialogue and production of a wide range of industry applications, such as the promotion of the company's original iTechnology function, and the realization of the company's programming.
Based on the Mango Large Model, the Department has incubated more than 40 related applications, including the country’s first one director, Emang. The company is currently actively exploring the use of the ai for video production, miniatur production, and c-end interactive products.
With the continued application of company-ai technology, it is expected that further efficiency gains will be achieved for the company and that the growth of its business will continue to be reinvigorated.
Investment proposals: We believe that the company ' s new media business is growing steadily and that the market competitiveness of the ploughing arts is strong, while the location of the relevant technologies, such as artificial intelligence, at the end of the application, is expected to help in the long line of power.
(300413.sz) _ Video platform business is steadily evolving, with a focus on my commitment to work diligently, independently and objectively, to present this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.