The supply and demand of the Noorflash industry is expected to improve in 2024, and the lead company will benefit.
After more than a year of continuing downswings in the industry, the recent recovery of downstream mobile phones and pc demand, the nonflash industry will finally have the opportunity to turn the tide, and the price of the 4q23 product contract will continue to fall, from falling to falling. The supply and demand relationship of the industry is expected to improve further in 2024, with 2q24 starting.
The business climate will increase further, and leading firms are expected to benefit. As a leader in domestic storage, MVI is now a platform-based company that stores +mcu+ sensors, and is expected to continue to benefit domestic import substitution and the growing demand for semiconductors in the long term.
The industry has taken the initiative to move to the end of its inventory, and the bottom of the landscape has slowly recovered. Since 2h22, the nonflash industry has been receding as a result of weak consumer electronic demand, such as mobile phones and pc. After more than a year of continuing downswings in the industry, there has been a recent recovery in the demand for downstream mobile phones and pcs.
The industry will finally have the chance of a turn-over, with the price of the 4q23 product contract coming back on track, a further improvement in industry demand and supply is expected to be driven by server demand and demand in 2024, and a further upturn in the 2q24 industry landscape, with the prospect that leading firms will benefit.
In the future, companies will focus more on self-researching dram, which will help improve the Māori rate. Meanwhile, stock price falls result in an increase in asset impairment losses of $50 million over the same period of the previous year, taking into account the recovery of the industry’s bottom, and the company’s elasticity in its performance, giving a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.