Khaihara shares (002714), efficiency gains, stockholdings, commercial pig breeding, processing and processing of agro-industrialization
In 21 years, the company was able to produce 4,023,000 pigs, and the country’s top-notch company was the country’s largest self-indulgent, and its performance declined considerably. In the industry’s low-end period, the company managed to control capital in addition to strictly controlling capital.
One of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises, in addition to spending, has continued to implement efficiency and mitigation measures to mitigate losses and losses in cash flow.
Prices and the effects of winter disease, the company’s cost of farming increased slightly in January/February of 22 years, but the full cost of q1 is still just under $16/ka. There is still a advantage over other listed pigs. The company has focused on improving the quality of development, increasing capacity utilization, improving disease control, and further reducing the cost of farming.
2022-05-20 Shareholders meeting close to the point where the loss on the head of the company is expected to be reduced and gradually move into the next round of profit. Energy reserves are abundant, with a target of over 50 million in 22 years.
Column 275.2 for all, the pig production capacity is largely stable, supporting more than 55 million pigs out of the field. Scholling the gap between the size of the company and the other leading firms in the industry, the firm’s position as the firm’s absolute leader in pig farming continues to be consolidated.
The Department’s adequate stock of sow capacity and farmhouses is expected to maximize their performance in the next cycle of growth, and to continue to raise the rate of industrial growth against a backdrop of steady growth in the scale of farming. The slaughtering is progressing steadily, and the industrial chain continues to expand.
The company's slaughter business has been officially transported since 20q4 with a total equity/flowa share (in millions) of 22 million head/year, with an estimated total slaughter capacity of over 30 million head/year as of 22H1.
At present, the company has served over 5,000 clients at the end of the group, such as farmers, supermarkets, chain restaurants, food processing businesses, new retailing, etc., while the company’s customer structure continues to be optimized, and high-value-added channels, such as large customers, supermarkets, and new retail outlets, continue to grow. We believe that slaughtering and meat-eating operations are expected to become public in the future.
The Department’s growth pole is also complementary to and complementary to farming plates to better cope with the effects of pig cycle volatility. The high performance elasticity brought by the growth of internalization and exit, as well as the continued rise in corporate-market dominance and the positive extension of growth from the new growth poles downstream, are maintained.
The growth of productive capacity has not been as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shenwon shares (002714): Synergy, as soon as it comes, Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States of America. Joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, with a focus on livestock farming, forage protection,
The research assistant gives an overview of his research opinion. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.