China Peace (601318) Non-Golden Finance.
• Recommended logic: As the ageing of the population deepens and social consumption escalates, insurance products become an effective anti-wind financial tool, raising their own consumption attributes and opening up growth channels. China’s safety as a leader in the domestic insurance sector and as a well-licensed gold control group benefits not only from the market brought about by the insurance industry’s up-to-date cycle.
In the next three years, the company’s net return profits are expected to increase by 18% a year, with a current equity value of 1.3 times the price of the pev, although it is in the middle of history.
In the context of strong regulatory policy, small and medium-sized risk companies, which are dominated by all-embracing products, are under enormous transformation pressure, while large listed risk companies rely on their own channels and goods.
The market share has been consolidated by the advantage of the cards. With the full introduction of the tax premium health premium in 2017, the promotion of the tax deferred old-age insurance has accelerated, the secondary rate reform of commercial car insurance has been implemented, and future industrial policy dividends will continue to be released, providing a continuous catalyst for the industry’s climate and performance.
With interest rate rises, the discount rate of the insurance reserve based on the interest rate on the national debt will also turn up towards the end of 2017, thus significantly reducing the pressure on the insurance company’s traditional insurance reserve and releasing the company’s profits.
The increase in the number of proxies and production capacity has led to a high rate of increase in premium revenues and new business values, which has contributed to a 15 per cent or more increase in the value of the Division; production insurance operations, after enhanced cost control, have been led by channels and brand effects, which have remained at a high rate of about 20 per cent since 2017;
Asset management services spread risk through the pre-positioning of alternative assets to improve investment returns; better banking, with net interest differentials ranked first among the share-based banks, and increased risk-resistant capacity in recent years through increased provision coverage, while increasing the collection of non-performing loans and effectively controlling the increase in poor rates;
China’s safety (601318): Insurance is opened upwards, and performance and valuation are under double pressure.
In 1988, China Peace Insurance (Safe China) Ltd. (“Safe China”) was established as China's first equity insurance company. After nearly three decades of development, the company has grown into insurance, banking, and investment.
The main business is one-stop, core finance and Internet finance, and a diversified financial services platform, which also serves as the country’s few financial holding groups with full financial license plates. Its subsidiaries include life insurance, maternity insurance, safe old age insurance, safe health insurance, safe banking, safe securities, safe trusts, and the Safe China Fund, and so on, covering the financial sector.
In addition, the company created new growth space for core financial operations through the deployment of the Internet finance businesses, such as Land Gold, Van Litton, Car City, Housing City, Payments, Mobile Social Finance Portal. The latest data reported in mid-2017 show that the total assets of the China Peace Group reached 6.0 trillion yuan, an increase of 14.5 per cent, and operating revenues of 46.37 billion yuan, a rise of 14.5 per cent.
In terms of the size of assets and operating income, China is well off against the insurance industry’s main business structure: as a comprehensive financial holding group, China’s main business covers a number of areas, including banking, securities, trusts, leasing and Internet finance, but it is still most dependent on traditional insurance.
In the first half of the year, the group accounted for the highest share of life insurance operations, with 54.3 per cent; in the banking sector, the profit contribution for business and production insurance was almost equal, with 16.8 per cent and 15.8 per cent, respectively; in other financial operations, such as capital management, securities, trusts and others, the combined profit contribution was about 16 per cent; and in Internet finance, the profit contribution was relatively small, with only 0.9 per cent.
In traditional areas of advantage insurance, China is well positioned to dominate the market on the basis of large asset size and brand advantage. The share of the safe life market is 12.7%, and the share of the safe production market is 19.6%, which is ranked second in the market, as measured by the latest premium revenues in the first half of 2017.
Corporate performance: During the period 2012-2017, the company actively promoted the integrated business model “One customer, one account, multiple products, one-stop shops” and achieved excellent business performance.
2.1 The upgrading of the consumer market opens up the space for an increase in the demand for insurance. In the external environment in which the insurance sector has developed, the country has entered a new era of popular consumption, in which the demand of the population and the consumption of the civilian population have become the most prominent, as the economy has continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate and the level of disposable income of the population has increased in recent years.
Compared with the past consumption structure, the consumption structure of urban and rural residents is escalating from subsistence to developmental consumption, from material to service consumption, from traditional to new consumption, and is increasing at an increasing and uninterrupted rate. Over the three years 2014-2016, the average per capita disposable income increased by 8.47 per cent, maintaining a largely robust growth rate.
In terms of consumption spending structure, the increase in material consumption in the first half of 2017, as represented by food and clothing, was only much higher than in material consumption, indicating to some extent that the country is officially entering an era of rising consumption. In the process of rising consumption, insurance products, as financial products that provide risk guarantees and added value to assets, have social needs.
According to the Global Wealth Report 2015, published by the Creditsuisse Institute, China’s middle-income population stands at 109 million people, with a wealth size of $7.34 trillion. The report also predicts that China’s wealth will continue to grow at a pace of 9.4% per year over the next five years.
By 2020, we will have 171 million middle-class people, and the middle-class wealth will have reached 11.5 trillion yuan. The continued upgrading of the middle-class population and its size opens up vast scope for growth in the marketing of insurance products.
The coverage density and depth of the country ' s insurance market are still only $329 and 4.2%, and there is still a significant gap between the global insurance market ' s $689 and 6.2% coverage in 2016. From the point of view of industry development, our insurance market still has great potential for growth.
A number of ideas for the rapid development of modern insurance services, namely, the new “Ten Regulations of the Nation”, call for the promotion of the insurance sector through a series of reform policies to achieve a 5% coverage depth and a 3500 yuan/human development target by the year 2020. Since then, a series of good policies, such as the reform of commercial insurance rates, tax incentives for health insurance, etc., have been heavily developed, and subsequent pension tax concessions have been introduced.
The insurance sector has reached a golden age of development, driven by increased market demand and strong policy support. 2.2 Increased regulatory protection against risks, and policy dividends have helped to leapfrog as the financial sector deleveraging has deepened and the insurance regulatory level has strengthened its regulation of the sector, both at the end of the product and at the end of the investment.
A series of policies and regulations have been put in place to regulate the operations of insurance companies. At the end of the product: since the introduction of restrictions on short-term and medium-lived products in March 2016, regulations have been introduced in May 2017 to regulate quick-return product design, such as pension insurance. At the end of the investment: through the introduction of a new second-generation solvency control system.
Under a series of regulatory regulations, the insurance sector has gradually returned to its main business, “insurance for the family”, and there has been a marked decline in industry risk factors.
Table 1: Some industrial regulatory policies recently introduced by IMSS, in addition to strengthening its risk management efforts, have made every effort to promote policy development in the insurance sector. Over the past three years, reforms have been introduced in the rates of the three insurance types of personal insurance and commercial vehicle insurance, leading to personal insurance.
The idea of promoting the return of insurance products to the main sector is that the regulatory level introduced a policy on tax benefits for health insurance last year, which was opened from the pilot area to the whole country on 1 July. At the State Council’s Standing Meeting on 21 June, measures to accelerate the development of commercial old-age insurance were also identified, with three levels of action.
The first is to support commercial insurance institutions in providing differentiated pension security for individuals and families, to develop old-age insurance, such as accident insurance, long-term care for older persons, and to establish a system of insurance for old-age services, such as medical care unions; the second is to ensure the safe and reliable operation of commercial pension insurance funds and to encourage commercial pension insurance funds to run such institutions; and the third is to implement State-sponsored taxes related to insurance and the development of the old-age services sector.
Policies to speed up the pilot of the personal tax deferred commercial pension insurance scheme and to support the participation of commercial pension insurance institutions in the management of basic pension funds.
The recovery rate is the most important element of the insurance company’s operating expenses, and the discount rate is a direct factor in determining the insurance company’s margin of risk allowance. The higher the discount rate, the smaller the insurance company’s reserves for the insurance contract liability.
The lower the discount rate, the more reserves insurance companies need to raise to meet their liabilities under the insurance contract, the more the reserves are raised, the more the profits are eroded on the insurance companies’ accounting statements. According to the new accounting standards developed and implemented by insurance companies in 2009, the discount rate for the insurance companies' traditional insurance reserves = 10-year maturity rate of return on national debt (7500 days moving average) + (<120bps > 120bps)
In the Circular on the Optimization of the Liquidity Curve Applicable to the Assessment of the Liabilities of Insurance Contracts issued by the Committee in 2017, the new regulations optimized and adjusted the discount curve components, the base interest rate curve and the combined premium, respectively, used for the assessment of the liabilities of insurance contracts, by moving the base interest rate from 750 days to the average yield curve of the bond to negative.
The combined premium can be determined by taking into account current rates such as taxes, liquidity effects, and countercyclical rates, reducing reserve withdrawals, and releasing profit margins. In recent years, the insurance company’s traditional risk margin has been somewhat delayed due to the impact of discount rates on risk exposures.
In addition, the impact of the discount rate assumption on the intrinsic value of the venture cannot be ignored. It has been calculated that if the other variables remain constant, a reduction of 50 basis points in the discount rate assumption would be considered a reduction in the liability.
Main business analysis of 3 companies: a high-quality, comprehensive insurance group. 3.1 Accompanied double-up and high-growth life insurance operations. China ' s safe life insurance operations rely mainly on agent channels for sales.
The Division's development focus is that, in the first half of 2017, the agent channel contributed more than 87.3 per cent of the new premium revenue, and the number and capacity of the company's life insurance agents have grown rapidly in the context of the rapid development of insurance operations and the cancellation of the proxy qualification examination in recent years. The latest data reported by the company in 2017 show that the number of life insurance agents is already in progress.
A total of 13.25 million people, double the size of the team in 2013, have doubled. And the agent’s capacity has increased in tandem with the size of the workforce, reaching 1.2 trillion yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 18.2 per cent over the same period. The number of insurance agents and the production capacity of both insurance premiums have continued to grow at higher rates than 37.5 per cent, above the industry average.
In the context of the rapid increase in premium revenues, the new business value of life insurance products is also rising, with a new business value of $38.550 billion in the first half of 2017, an increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period, continuing high growth. The rapid increase in new business values is the result of a rapid increase in premium revenue for the first year of the policy, as well as the firm ' s active efforts to optimize insurance coverage in recent years.
And the results of the contribution structure. In terms of the new business value of the various insurance channels for life insurance, long-term barrier products are sold by proxy with the highest rate of new business value, while the new policy value of the insurance channels is lower, which can also explain why companies have been actively developing agent policy sales in recent years.
The investment attributes of the Red Insurance Policy products are strong, their profitability is low for the insurance companies themselves, and it is generally the company ' s primary push at the beginning of the year as a knock-on market-scale open-door risk, while as the sales of the policy continue to grow, insurance companies need to increase the profitability of the product as a whole, following up with the introduction of more highly profitable traditional life and long-term health insurance products to enhance the profitability of their operations.
Capacity. In recent years, there has been a trend towards the structural development of product insurance coverage for life-saving insurance. The ratio of premium revenues for the premium-splitting and all-embracing products is gradually shrinking, while the sales of long-term guaranteed insurance products, represented by traditional life insurance and long-term health insurance, have been rising year by year, reflecting a firm’s willingness to gradually optimize the policy duration and insurance structure and to raise the value of the policy’s new business.
3.2 Production risk-control capabilities lead the industry with a clear client-source and brand advantage 3.2.1 Integrated production-risk cost rates are below industry averages and have become more competitive in recent years as risk markets become more involved, with risk-producing enterprises surrounding customer resources and sales
In this context, safe production insurance, through the application of new technologies and big data, strengthens risk screening capabilities and improves resource efficiency, not only keeping premium revenues at 23.5% in the first half of 2017, but also keeping the combined cost of production risk operations at 96.1% in the first half of 2017.
Significant qualitative control capabilities are now in place. Figure 14: Slow decline in the combined cost of safe birth insurance 3.2.2 vehicle insurance continues to dominate, ensuring a surge in insurance coverage for dissidents