So, once again, we're starting a tour of the glazing dragon-heading landscape -- the depths of Fretel, 601865.sh, which is the leading business in the field of glazing, with the second-largest city in the world. We think it belongs to the light glass industry.
On the 22nd of September, 2020, in the context of a photovoltabeta, a high-quality track with alpha attributes: The landscape provides a business development beta. When the impact of the epidemic diminishes, the demand of the industry is concentrated.
q4 is expected to be installed in 20gw, the largest single season in history. 2021 is officially entering the 14th Five-Five, and post-price pressure on the index will disappear, with the most energy-cleaner share.
The two-faced trend highlights industry developments in alpha. With the maturity of photovoltaic glass processes and thinning, it is likely to increase the focus on lcoe in the price-free age, and the advantage of dual-faced components in generating electricity.
The weight of the two-sided components is no longer a constraint, and the value of the sex ratio has exceeded the one-sided components, with a rate of 14 per cent in 2019, and is expected to rise to 26 per cent in 2020 and over 60 per cent in 2025. The photovoltaic glass industry has a scale effect + two industry barriers with technical experience.
There are typical economies of scale in production, prices, supply, etc.: 1) Plumbing glass has a long lead-line construction cycle, with higher initial investment levels, and therefore capacity expansion is slower. 2) Plumbing glass has a long certification cycle and customer relationships are stable over time. 3) Glass production has a strong continuity, high technical barriers, and head manufacturers pass through it.
Fret, as an experienced pioneer manufacturer, is competitively neutral and undefeated: strong cost-control capabilities are stifling. The company has 18 million tons of high-quality stones.
The lead industry's single-line production capacity of 1,000 ~ 1200t/d kilns, with significant cost savings compared to the original 300 ~ 600t/d kilns. The product and output upgrades lead the industry. The latest 1200t/d kilns performed excellent performances, products and production fabrics.
The Bureau is actively moving forward to the latest 2.0 mm. It currently has a light-voltage glass production capacity of 5400t/d, and it is expected that a large pool of high-quality domestic and foreign customer resources will be available, laying the foundation for the long-term development of the company.
The glass sector has been in the IKEA system since 2005, and companies have been growing rapidly with high-quality customers.
After more than a decade of hard exploration, our photovoltaic industry has gradually moved away from dependence on subsidies, into a new era of affordable energy, clean energy attributes, declining electricity costs, flexible energy distribution, increasing the competitiveness of photovoltaics at the end of the energy supply, and laying the groundwork for the next phase of dynamic development.
Photovoltaic glass is a branch of glass manufacturing in specific applications of photovoltaic applications, and, as light voltage machines continue to grow, pull, as photovoltaic glass continues to grow in technology and production capacity, our global share of photovoltaic glass has stabilized at more than 90% a year and has become our dominant industry. The country ' s total photovoltaic glass production capacity has increased from 8100t/d in 2010 to 2019.
35860t/d, capr, 38%. We believe that our photovoltage industry glass is still on a fast track, with its increasing competitiveness brought about by constant cost optimization, a two-faced component penetration rate that boosts industrial space, thinning and increasing technology and profitability.
1.1 Photovoltaic glass: a high-quality track with barriers, we consider it to be a very promising track in the field of photovoltaics, and the future of leading firms is expected to boost industry concentration and expand the lead, mainly for the following reasons:
With a strong asset profile, and a more forward-looking layout of the front line. The light glass, especially the raw process, has a very strong asset profile, with the most advanced production line investment of 1,200t/d amounting to 890 million, building a long pre-productivity layout, achieving a rapid upturn in performance, and further expansion of production capacity through operating profits and financing.
The monthly production replacement requirement for flat glass construction in sensitive areas requires at least 1.25 times the build-up and other areas to be replaced. The requirement places a threshold on the increase in the production capacity of photovoltaic glass, with front-line planning, layout, and performance in the production capacity.
As a result of the significant price swings in the industrial chain in 2020, the photovoltage planters have used integration as the main means of moving upstream and downstream prices, but light.
Volcanic glass is not affected by this trend. The current trend of integration is concentrated on silicon, battery, component links, and the silicon chain, which is more asset- and chemical-dependent, is not within the range of integration, and we believe that photovoltaic glass manufacturing has similar characteristics to silicon manufacturing.
The technology is stable, and the return on productive investment is considerable. Glass is a very mature industrial product, with photovoltaic glass as its branch in a given field, manufacturing processes and technologies relatively stable, no subversive technology has yet emerged, and prior-occupancy investment has been significant. Although there are a variety of light glass specifications, such as 3.2, 2.5, 2.0 mm.
Specifications, but continuity in the manufacturing process system, a model that has a pre-emptive advantage for pioneer manufacturers and an increasing market share.
The evaluation system has a very high weight, and the full life cycle of electricity costs (lcoe) will become the most important indicator in the future as subsidies disappear. Two-sided components, though more expensive than one-sided components, are better economically throughout the life cycle than one-sided components because of the increased benefits of additional power generation.
The two-faced components are two-sided, and Lungi's latest 182-mm large-sized he-mo5 has been used to test the strong competitiveness and penetration capabilities downstream.
In the glazing glass track, we look forward to the development of Fred, based mainly on its strong cost-control capabilities, its predictable overseas layout, and its excellent client resources. Strong cost-control capabilities keep keeping the city safe.
The company will also take the lead in rolling out 1,200t/d production capacity across the industry, and will continue to drive down energy consumption. And the company will also benefit from a relatively low local cost of stone and sand, taxes, manpower costs, and a reduction in the company’s combined costs.
As an industry-wide leader in the upgrading of products and production capacity. As a country-class glass company, the public sector is expanding in the field of glazing glass, and two of the 1200t/d production lines are currently the largest in the world.
A single-cooked kiln has the advantage of a combination of costs. And, in line with the trends in photovoltaic components, a new product series of 3.2, 2.8, 2.5, 2.0 mm has been introduced, and the 2.0 mm glass, representing the latest trends, has been stored in the company ' s delivery structure, with a significant amount of high-quality customer resources, both within and outside the country. The main demand for the components is currently overseas exports, compared to domestic supply.
With many years of excellent performance, the company has established a long-term partnership with the main liquid component manufacturers, with the top five clients of 2019, Hanhua, Il-Yung-Yung East, Lungi, Crystal and Chandler, all leading domestic components, and has been in supply since 2005 in the glass industry.
System. High-quality and highly stable customer resources provide the basis for long-term corporate development. 1.3 The past and future price of photovoltaic glass are affected by supply and demand, and the price of photovoltaic glass is highly cyclical, from January 2018 to the present.
The price of glass went through four stages: the industry was in the first half of the year in a more obvious state of oversupply, the industry stock was rising, and the issuance of the 531 policy led to a sharp drop in the demand for domestic photovoltaics, which in turn increased oversupply, with the price of photovoltaic glass rising from a maximum of $31.5.
/m2 fell to $21.5/m2, with a 31% decrease, and prices stabilized only three months after the policy was issued. 44gw loads. But overseas exports succeeded in a breakthrough, with overseas exports of 66.2gw more than twice as much as domestic ones in 2019, and the boom in component exports kept supply and demand tight and stocks significantly reduced.
Prices rose mildly to $29/m2 at this stage, with a 35% increase at a lower point. Competitions carried over and parity projects boosted by a high demand for installed aircraft, but the outbreak caused a huge shock to domestic loading and overseas exports, while photovoltaic glass production was continuously processed and supply recovered significantly faster than before.
Demand, resulting in oversupply, rapid increase in stocks, and a 17% drop in product prices to $24/m2. Phase IV (2020.6 to date): the impact of the epidemic has diminished, pro-cyclical investment has accelerated demand release, prices have rebounded rapidly. With the domestic epidemic under control, the economy and production have returned to normal, the demand for light-voltage aircraft has been phased out.
Recent policies designed to stimulate the economy have provided a powerful incentive to finance, expand production, build, open up industry ceilings in an era of price parity, release demand, return to a tight balance between supply and demand, rapidly reduce photovoltaic glass stocks, and quickly rebound to $30/m2, with product prices rising by 25 per cent.
And the upcoming 2020q4, driven by a combination of competing projects and export recovery, will be high, and there will still be room for rising price increases for glazing glass. Although the price of photovoltaic glass has rebounded by 25% since the low price this year, we believe that the price of photovoltaic glass is still on the table.
Demand will increase significantly and is still available at this point in time, mainly for the following reasons: (i) demand will not disappear from the epidemic and industry will continue to improve; and (ii) a limited increase in output can be expected in three years, with a tight balance to be the key: (iii) energy clean-up and a two-faced trend to boost demand ceilings.
Fullet Glass Group, Inc., was established in 1998 in Hong Kong in 2015 and 2019, and placed on the market, mainly in photovoltaic glass, floating glass and deep processing (engineering glass, furniture glass).
Research and development, production, and marketing, of which glazing glass is the company’s most important product today. The company’s glazing glass is a super-white-pressure glass produced for the pressure-stress method, mainly with the cover panels and back panels used as crystalline silicon batteries, home glass and engineering glass made from floating glass originals, and home glass is used mainly for decoration.
Mirrors, furniture, steeled glass, etc., the engineering glass consists mainly of steeled glass, low-e glass, medium-empty energy-saving glass, and laminated glass. Foret is a light glass tap business, which now ranks second in the world.
In 2006, the company took the lead in breaking the technological monopoly on photovoltaic glass abroad, opening the way to national production. In 2011, the company began to produce its own floating glass sheets, covering the entire production chain of glassed products and acquiring mining rights for 18 million tons of glass raw materials in the quartz mining area of Fengyang County.
In 2016, the company set up Sun in Viet Nam and established a light glass line in Viet Nam. The former company owned 5.400t/d. and is actively expanding. Foret was expected to be a typical modern family business in 2020, 2021 and 2022.
At the end of 2019, Nguyen Hong Liang held 22.53% of personal holdings, the company’s first natural owner, her daughter Nguyen Zeyun.
17.98% share in positions such as the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company: the wife of Kang Xinghua holds the posts of Vice-Chairman of the Company, Deputy General Manager, General Manager of the Ministry of Public Administration, etc., with 16.62% share in the stock; Zhao Xiaofei and Nguyen Zeyun are married and hold the positions of Deputy General Manager of the Company, General Manager of the Glance Glass Department, etc., with 0.25% share in the share.
Total holdings accounted for 57.39 per cent of the company ' s total stock stock. Since its listing in February 2019, the share of the Folett Fund has slowly increased, reaching a record high of 21.59 per cent in 2020q1, and after the lowest of q2, the share of the Folet Fund is currently 10.99 per cent.
The second half of the year, with the surge in light-voltage demand and the rapid rise in the market for two-sided components, we believe that there is still room for further increases in corporate stock prices and that the Fund’s share of the stock will increase, reflecting the company’s long-term configuration value.
High barriers shape high-quality optical glass lanes. Photovoltaic power generation is one of the important forms of renewable energy generation that has flourished in recent years, using the photovoltaic effect of semiconductors, which converts light energy directly into electricity and integrates it into public grids (central photovoltaic stations) or directly.
Users are provided for use (independent photovoltaic power stations, distributed photovoltaic power stations). Four rings of the PV industrial chain upstream of the power station are, from top to bottom, silicon, silicon, battery chips and components, which cost about 50 per cent of the cost of the terminal power station, and photovoltaic glass is an important ring in the packaged materials of the component.
The core raw material of the component is a battery plate, which welds it into a battery chain, which then connects the battery chain to the basic five-storey structure (pane, glass, battery, battery, voltage, backboard).
Photovoltaic glass is divided into crystal silicon cell glass and thin film cell glass according to the type of light-voltage battery applied, and Foley's main silicon cell glass:
The glass is plated and steeled to increase its permeability and hardness. The main application is to the caps of the crystal silicon light voltage component, the size of which has been applied in recent years in the area of backplating of the components with the rise of the two-faced components.
3.1 Heavy asset attributes increase the difficulty of new entrants The photovoltaic glass industry has both a scale effect and a technological barrier. The photovoltaic glass industry has typical scale effects in terms of cost control, price and supply.
In recent years, the production capacity of new photovoltaic kilns has been around 1,000 t/d, and according to the Fulette Part Photovoltile Project, the initial fixed investment in single kilns is about $600-800 million, with a construction cycle of 18 months.
Photovoltaic glass has a long cycle of certification and long-term stability of customer relationships. Photovoltaic glass, as part of a component, needs to be integrated into the certification process, and the replacement of a sealed glass requires recertification.
There is a strong continuity in glass production, high technical barriers, and head manufacturers, through deep experience, have a competitive advantage in terms of cost and product quality. The kilns cannot be shut down after ignition, and the processes are complicated. If the quality of the products is unstable, production cannot proceed properly. Through precision material design, kiln temperature control.
Improving product quality, reducing energy consumption, compressing production costs, and tailoring products in line with downstream demand market changes, among others, require long-term production experience and the removal of technical barriers to glazing and common glass, which is one of the major reasons why the early photovoltaic glass market was monopolized by overseas firms.
3.2 The price of raw materials rebounds and increases in the price of products The cost structure of photovoltaic glass, which accounts for 30 to 40 per cent of the total cost of raw materials (stone, sand, pure alkaline, limestone, white cloud, etc.) and fuel (oil, gas, electricity, etc.), respectively, of which pure alkali accounts for about 50 per cent of the cost of raw materials
About 25%. Recent increases in raw materials such as pure alkaline have contributed to higher prices of products. Figure 9: Folett light glass fuel structure. Figure 10: 2019 Folet light glass cost structure
Pure alkaline: The increase in the price of raw materials has been passed to the end product. The pure alkaline industry is more concentrated, downstream applications are widespread, light glass is used in heavy pure alkaline, and the photovoltaic glass industry has less bargaining power in pure alkaline supply. As the high cost rises to 309.9 million tons a year, the start-up rate has risen to 83.55%, and the price of pure alkaline opened in 2019 due to falling demand.
The decline, which fell to the historical bottom of 1,200 yuan/tons during the 2020q2 epidemic, was recently affected by the southwest floods, the northwest environmental inspections, and the lower rate of start-up in the two regions, causing a rebound in pure alkali prices, which have now risen to around 1900 yuan/tons, increasing the cost of glass by about 100 yuan/tons.
The annual average price is similar to the 2019 price of $1587.5 per ton, with less impact on total cost for the year as a whole. But the recent increase in the price of raw materials in light glass demand has been transmitted to end-products, with a 50% increase in pure alkali prices corresponding to a 10% increase in cost and a 20-30% increase in the price of photovoltaic glass, with the price of raw materials providing an increase in the price of glass.
Powder sands: Powder glass contains less iron than ordinary glass, typically more than 0.2% iron, and light glass must be less than 0.015%, requiring high silicon dioxide content and low iron content in quartz sand raw materials.
This is due to the expanding use of ceramics and glass in construction, the tightening of the supply of lime sand, and the accelerated consumption of low-exploitation surface mines, the rising cost of low-cost mining, and the fact that the price of lime sand is now at an all-time high, since 2018. The company owns 18 million tons of high-quality quartz sand mining in Anhui Fengyang.
Fuels: there is an alternative relationship between petroleum-type fuels and natural gas, with electricity costs relatively fixed. Foret has in recent years, thanks to international crude oil price fluctuations, by installing oil + gas dual fuel systems on glass kilns, roots
Due to the weight of pure alkali in the cost structure, which has a greater impact on the cost, the first half of 2020 saw a drop in heavy pure alkali on the lower end of the scale. Although the price of platinum sands has risen steadily in recent years, Fretel has a stock of 18 million fencings.
A ton of high-quality diamond and sand mining rights can effectively stabilize the volatility of costs caused by the rise in the price of stone and sand. While the price of raw materials fluctuates, the overall cost of company photovoltaic glass production is on a steady downward trend, laying the foundation for increased corporate profitability.
The landscape has provided the basis for industrial development of Beta 4.1 with high demand for light, and the photovoltaic industry has developed into a very globalized backbone manufacturing industry with the largest demand market in the world.
We are the world’s largest producer of photovoltaic components, with overseas cities accounting for about 70%, and continuing to rise since 2016. And we are the world’s largest producer of photovoltaic power, with new installed units accounting for around 30-40% of the world’s annual share.
Figure 13: Photovoltaic additions (gw) photovoltaic glass per year as part of a component, the volume of which is closely related to the demand for the component. Global photovoltaic accumulator 580gw at the end of 2019, with a national cumulative load breach of 200gw, 30.1gw in 2019, as a result of additional loads.
Lately affected by competitive policies, aircraft were installed below expectations. The completion of photovolts in the 2020h1 country was largely at the same level as last year, with demand rebounding in the second half of the year. 2020q3 presented a “low season.” Since the opening of the 2019 bidding period, July-August has been a project-determination list.
The tender period is empty, so q3 is a light season for light-voltage aircraft. The first half of 2020 was affected by an outbreak, the rate of operation was lower than expected, q3 was characterized by a “low season” and q3 was expected to complete the 10gw load, while the demand for loading continued to grow, with q4 reaching its peak year-round, with a capacity of about half a year-round.
The total size of the bid project in 2020 was 25.97gw, combined with 46gw (National grid 39.05gw+South grid 7.4gw) and preference for competitive items, and we believe that 20gw, Parity 8gw, taking into account business distribution projects, runners
As well as national demonstration projects (including ultra-high pressure support bases, etc.), it is expected to complete a photovoltage capacity of 40 gw or more throughout the year, an increase of 40 + % over the same year.
4.2.1 Subsidy is about to exit the historical stage The level of renewable energy subsidies will continue to decline in 2020 and will enter the era of parity in 2021.
0.35 ~ 0.49 / kwh, industry-distributed photovoltaic project subsidy rate of 0.05 /kwh, household distribution of 0.08 /kwh, which is no different from the electricity price of coal-fired poles.
The size of the subsidy, using an average of 1150 hours, was estimated at about $0.033/kwh, a decrease of $0.025/kwh, or 42.3 per cent, relative to the average of the 2019 bid line of $0.058/kwh, which is a decline of about $0.025/kwh, which is not an impact on the rate of return on the project, due to the rapid decline in photovoltaic costs.
In the era of parity, with constant cost optimization, photovoltaic projects will further enhance competitiveness. 4.2.2 Price parity projects will grow in size beyond expectations. Future price parity projects will be the mainstream of photovoltaic markets, and marketization policies will replace subsidies as industrial development.
After many years of development, the photovoltaic market has become more competitive, with the first list of price parity projects published in May 2019, the first list of competing projects published in July of the same year, and the second batch of parity projects issued in July 2020, with 33gw, an increase of 123.6 per cent, and the competition of 26gw, an increase of 36.4 per cent.
Taking into consideration the 2020 phase of electricity grid removal and the 2019 carry-over projects, we believe that in 2020 the provinces will first guarantee access to the approved bid projects, and that some of the bid parity projects will be carried over to 2021, with a total size of 20gw or more, with 92 per cent of the price parity, and in the new photovoltaic power station project starting in 2021, the price parity project
The era of price parity away from subsidies is about to begin, with higher and more comprehensive demands on power plant revenues, and the advantages of two-sided components in generating more electricity will be given double attention in the market. 4.3 "145" will open a new phase of light voltage.
As the year of the 13th Five-Year closure, 2020 is expected to pass 244gw, significantly exceeding the Tenth Five-Year Plan target of 110gw. Large-scale markets have built up the world’s leading industrial chains, with our component production capable of more than 70% of the world, and with the world’s leading production costs it is expected to increase further in the future.
By 2020, because of the high cost of photovoltaic power generation, subsidies played a vital role as a driving factor in the development of the industry, but limited subsidy targets also limited the size of the plant. As the cost of photovoltaics has been reduced, the price of photovoltaics has been reduced, and the year 2020 will be a photovoltaic subsidy.
In the last year, when the price-parity subsidies disappear, the loading targets will disappear, and the industry ceiling will continue to expand its advantage. Following the fall of subsidies, photovoltaics already have the cost of electricity (lcoe) in comparison to fire-fighting, wind, nuclear power, and the potential for decline that other energy varieties do not have.
In rapid technological overlaps and rapid progress, new technologies such as silicon, heterogenesis, tiles, double-faced components still have very strong precipitation potential in accelerating industrialization, and the decline in lcoe will further enhance photovoltaic competitiveness, and this part of the cost savings will also be used to improve the quality of photovoltaic power.
Light storage is the greatest pain in light voltage. Photovoltage has the advantage of cleanness, economy, and ease over conventional energy, but stability is the “Acrust” of light voltage, and future grid dissipation will be the determining factor in the size of the engine, as well as the steady energy quality of fire power and nuclear power, which is the ultimate goal of light voltage.
Targets. As the costs of photovoltaics and storage cells continue to decrease, future photovoltage costs, which are lower than the prices on the Internet, will be used to set up storage energy, improve the quality of electricity and stabilize output loads, will address the maximum photovoltage pain, and will completely eliminate photovoltage 2021, which will officially enter the 14th Five. Energy clean-up will be the biggest driver for the continued high-speed development of photovoltaics.
Power. The share of our non-fossil energy in total primary energy consumption was 15.3 per cent in 2020, and will need to be raised to 20 per cent by 2020. As a result of the country’s severe withdrawal from fire and electricity pollution, the depletion of hydropower resources, and the small scale of nuclear power development, photovoltaic and wind power have become the main sources of clean energy, and the current amount of photovoltaic power is only the country’s total electricity generation.
At 3.1%, the flat price will re-engineer the light voltage into a new stage of development, and it is expected that in 2021-2025, the two-sided trend will highlight industry development alpha, which, under current technology and price levels, has achieved a value-for-money excess to the one-sided component.
The main factors constraining the increase in the share of the city are capacity constraints: first, the rate of expansion of the production capacity of glass-based kilns, the slow pace of expansion, policies, environmental constraints, etc., and second, the low rate of small-scale production and the insufficient quality of production across the industry. 5.1 dual-faced components wind vents have arrived.
The two-faced components have an incremental effect on the amount of electricity generated, thereby reducing the PV power cost over the life cycle, so that the two-faced components of former overseas countries, such as Europe and the United States, are mainly used in commercially distributed photovoltaic stations, which are more sensitive to the costs of decomposition, whereas the country was previously used mainly for the Pilots project, where the two-faced components were proportionally represented in the third batch of the Pilots project.
To 45%. With the advent of competitive prices, the era of parity, and the expansion of new photovoltaic applications such as agricultural complementarities and fishing complementarities, the use of dual-faced components in centralized photovoltaic power plants is expanding. The long-term trend of double-bond components has been determined that, with the year 2020, the future penetration rate will be cut off.
The share of dual-sided components in the shipment is more than 40%. It is expected to reach 20gw in 2020, rising to 26%, and we believe that, by 2025, dual-sided components will have more than 60% of the domestic market. We are the main demand market for dual-sided components worldwide, and the penetration of the domestic market is higher than global parity.
In 2019, the global penetration rate of dual-faced components rose steadily at a rate of 4-5 pct per year at a rate of 10-15%. In 2019, the ratio of exports to internal sales of dual-faced components was about 4:6 and the global share of dual-faced components is about 30-40%, which is expected to rise to 50% by 2020, and will continue to increase.
Figure 19: Projection of market share of one-sided components in our country (%): Projection of global market share of single-sided components (%)
The ratio of bid prices for dual-faced components rose rapidly in 2020 to more than 60%. Competitions have become a light-voltage power, and a full-scale price-parity era is about to begin in 2021, highlighting the advantages of dual-faced components in electricity costs.
Annual component bid statistics, 22 per cent double-sided in 2019 and currently 62 per cent in 2020, mention that 5.2 bi-enviral binary price turning points have arrived. The central factor in the changing prices of photovoltaic glass is the change in the supply-demand relationship, and fluctuations in the prices of raw materials will accelerate the trend.
In 2019, photovoltaic glass prices continued to rise, largely because of the slow pace of expansion of capacity at the same time as the global demand for installed machines increased. In 2019, the global photovoltage machine, 115gw, grew by 14.8% compared to the same year, with an increase of 6.7 pct, industry's double-hatted light power, and Forlet's kilns began to cool down from the end of 2018 to 2019.
Following the start of production in September, it is planned that all new production capacity will come into operation in 2020-21, resulting in a relatively tight production rate in the city. 2020h1 power plants affected by the epidemic are under-developed, components are blocked, pure base prices are falling faster, and light glass prices are falling. In the second half of the year, photovoltaic power plants will be installed faster, demand will be on the rise, and both sides will be covered.
The rapid rise in city occupancy, the tight supply of high-quality production capacity, and the rapid increase in the price of photovoltaic glass, which has increased by about 25% since July, has exceeded the high price of 29 yuan/m2 at the beginning of the year. The price of pure alkalis has increased by 53% over the same period, corresponding to a 10% increase in the cost of luminous glass, and the high price of pure alkalis has undoubtedly accelerated this round.
Figure 22: Photovoltaic glass versus pure alkali price fluctuations
The photovoltage sheeting and backboard glass prototype processes are the same, and subsequent deep processing does not require plating of the backboard glass, which is less costly. Slipping not only partially affects the impact of the recent increase in the price of photovoltaic glass on the cost of the component, reducing the weight of the component, but also expands the photovoltage glass with the same capacity as the kiln.
At the level of the latest market offer in September...the cost of the 2.5 mm double-edged components is only 2.5% higher than the 3.2mm single-edged components, and the 2.0mm double-edged components are only 0.4% higher, considering the relatively good mechanical strength of the two-sided components, the cost can be further reduced using a semi-boxed structure, with the 2.5mm double-edged components already costing less than one-sided.
The impact of a two-sided double-bond route on the construction costs of the terminal is mainly twofold: first, the direct impact on the price of the components; second, the indirect impact on the cost of the system by changing other performances, such as the weight of the components, stability, etc. We increase from the back by analysing the impact of the double-bob components of different thicknessed photovoltaic glass on the construction costs of the system.
In terms of profit rates and system costs, for example, the project of a photovoltaic centralized power station with a capacity of 100 mw installed, 1100 hours/year of utilization, 30 years of duration of the project, taking into account the national average price of 0.36 yuan/kwh (coal-fired pole prices), its degree of electricity (lcoe) and its internal rate of return after full investment tax (irr)
(The orange part of the table below represents the direct impact of the two-sided components of different thickness photovoltaic glass on the construction costs of the system, and the grey part represents the indirect impact.) Under the price parity mechanism, the decomposition costs are central to the acquisition of the PV project indicators, prompting power plant investors to think.
The back-side power generation effects of two-sided components are influenced by a variety of factors, such as ground type, latitude, and climate environment. The contribution of dual-sided components to the power generation increase is between 4 and 30%, reducing electricity costs by 0.2 ~ 12.8 / kwh.
The most important factors influencing the back-side gain are the ground reflectivity and the sun input angle, which is usually the best in the snow environment, followed by concrete, sand, grassland. The most common applications of our two-faced components are:
Sand and cement surfaces in the mid-latitudes, where back-generation gains are mostly at 10-18%, reducing electricity costs by 4.9~9.3/kwh. by 15-30%. Double-bond components have passed the price-to-price point. Consider the impact of two-sided components on the rate of return within the power system.
In the scenario described above, the internal rate of return after full investment tax (irr) was 6.75 per cent for a centralized photovoltaic power station using a flat-priced one-sided component, while the double-protocol component using various thickness specifications was above 8 per cent in the sand field scenario, with white paint on a surface of 10 per cent or more, and the entire frame of 2.0 mm was roughly the same as the 2.5 mm semi-frame.
Fragmentation means higher output when the amount of melting is determined. Today, most single-sided components use photovoltaic glass sheeting of 3.2 mm thickness. In the dual-protocol component area, 2.0 mm thickness is the dominant market, thin.
The glass premium will gradually reduce the future transition to 2.0 mm is the trend, with currently 2.0 mm of high-quality production capacity strained, and the cost of head producers alone will meet the cost of profit space and the thickness will move to 1.6 mm. Once the price of thin baboon returns, the half frame double-bond component will cost less than the traditional monogamy component, and the double-bob component will collide.
The increase in the ratio of two-sided components adds to the increase in the demand for light glass. The change in the 3.2mm single-sided glass sheet to the 2.5mm dual-sided component increases the demand for glass by 56% to 2.0mm.
Increases by 25%. We predict a weighted average thickness of 2.92 mm in the light glass application market in 2020, compared to 3.2 mm single-face sheeting, with additional demand for two-faced components for photovoltaic glass increasing by 18.8%, and thin fragmentation also means higher hidden costs associated with increased technical difficulties, with the dominant position of the head manufacturer being highlighted.
The thinner the thickness, the lower the size of the original, the more difficult it is to steel, the resulting higher demand for real capacity, the higher costs associated with glass scrapping and the greater difficulty of controlling the costs of the various links in the production process, which further widens the gap between large plants and other manufacturers.
5.4 Supply and demand will be the main melody. We are the world ' s largest producer of photovoltaic glass. Since 2019h2, our photovoltaic glass production has expanded rapidly. In August 2020, we produced 274,000 t/d, representing an increase of 14.9 per cent compared to more than 2020q2 plants.
Cold repair of commercial lines and partial suspension of production due to the preference of raw materials for storage or shutdown of kilns resulted in industry-wide production of altruistic light, Fullet as the leader of the first line, with real production capacity of 7.800t/d, 4.800t/d, repair, expected to be completed in 2021q1, and two additional 1,000t/d production lines in Viet Nam to be completed between the end of 2020 and the beginning of 2021
In the second half of the year, there was sufficient follow-up and more active purchases from downstream front-line manufacturers, while double-sided orders were higher and double-line producers were under stress. There was now a strong demand downstream in the domestic glazing market, a low stock of businesses, and a tight supply of originals.
Most plants have increased their own use. In recent times, with the exception of the partial execution of orders in large plants, prices have been revised to the same extent, and the prices of new orders have increased significantly.
Low. At current levels of production and technology, the amount of photovoltaic glass fragments per gw PV machine produced is about 100 t/d, taking into account other factors such as the rate of fragmentation and the balance between supply and demand, and the actual production capacity required is about 150 t/d. 2021, as shown in figure 28 below: the demand for photovoltaic glass in the size of the PV unit (t/gw)
With the rapid increase in the penetration of dual-faced components and the accelerated demand for thinning, there are structural deficiencies in the light glass production capacity. As a result of the epidemic, progress in the construction of new capacity was delayed in the first half of the year, some of the kilns that were planned to be set on fire in 2020 were postponed to the end of the year or 2021, taking into account the time it takes for the kiln to be set on fire to reach full capacity, as well as the location.
The reduction in the volume of glass in size, the tight supply of 2020h2 light-voltage glass production, and the projected shortfall in capacity will be alleviated in 2021. Based on historical projections of the actual delivery of light-voltage glass and the demand for light-voltage machines, we supply the market for light-voltage glass.
The mode of delivery of photovoltaic glass includes the supply of accessories (domestic assembly plus export of components) and the direct export of glass, taking into account the proportion of glass produced, the proportion of glass destroyed in the assembly and the balance of supply and demand in the market (according to past history, the theoretical supply of photovoltaic glass is roughly in proportion to the actual demand for the theoretical additions).
1.14:1 in order to avoid a real market response that is constrained by supply imbalances. (The grey part of the table below represents a lack of photovoltaic glass production capacity.) Because of the long lead times, the entry threshold is high, and the supply side increases far below the demand end.
Day smelting increased from 16,000t/d in 2015 to 26,300t/d, capr = 13.2 per cent in 2019, while demand at the end, domestic loading and overseas exports increased from a total of 40gw in 2015 to 96.4gw in 2019, supply should not be needed in the event of a limited supply-side capacity for new inputs and a centralized cooling of kiln construction from 2013 to 2014.
Over the next two years, the price of photovoltaic glass has continued to grow. 6. Sound finance and active financing together contributed $2.13 billion, an increase of 38.9 per cent.
The price of glass has fallen, affecting the level of revenue collection. In 2020, the q1 crop grew by 29.13% on a year-on-year basis, the 2020 q2 on a year-on-year increase.
About 30% of companies have a stable 20% share, ranking second in the industry. Companies now own light glass, and the share of light glass business is increasing. From the collection structure of the past five years, the glass plate is the main growth point of the company’s growth model, with a historical share of about 70%, rising to 85.3% in the second half of 2019.
The company’s profitability, largely supported by light glass, has increased steadily. The company’s net profit is from 2019q3.
In the lead industry, the same rate of growth has stabilized at about 80%. The gross profit rate in the light glass business has continued to increase steadily, with a 40.1% increase in the 2020h1 Maori rate and an 11.3pc increase in the corresponding rate.
The company, one of the first companies to enter the photovoltaic glass industry, has better managerial experience than the industry, has a stable net quarterly cash flow and has a strong cash flow.
Maintained at 10 to 30 per cent over the years, 2020h1 grew to 32.2 per cent, representing a leader in the industry, operating figure 36: Ford net asset rate of return (%): figure 35: Ford ' s operating cash flow/receipt (%)
During the expansion phase, the cost of sales and financial costs are rising, mainly as a result of the expansion of the company's production scale, the increase in the volume of glazing, and the increase in interest rates on bank loans, which provide the basis for long-term development.
Corporate values R & D inputs are declining. R & D costs in 2019 were $204 million, an increase of 80.27 per cent over the same period, with 349 R & D agents, or up to 11.07 per cent, and market competition increased as the photovoltaic glass industry entered a rapid period of development.
Intense corporate R & D work on photovoltaic glass production processes and functionality can be effective in raising photovoltaic glass spectrometers to enhance the efficiency and automation of photovoltaic components, providing strong guarantees for progress in the quality of the company ' s products and for the development of new products, and strengthening industry leadership.
In a context where the landscape of the photovoltaic glass industry is improving and demand space is increasing, companies make full use of public platforms to actively finance, accelerate productive capacity-building, and strengthen their position as champions. Companies can transfer their debts and issue non-public funds with the latest production line of 1,200t/d, representing the highest single-manufactured kilns in the country.
The division is ahead of the industry in terms of technology transformation, and the lower the cost of production of energy, the higher the melting volume, the greater the profitability of new production. The photovoltaic sector is very active in secondary markets, the essence of which is financing new production with higher rates of return, phasing out low yields of old productivity, increasing profitability for businesses, and increasing profitability.
7. Investment proposals: Embrace the landscape, layout the future The second half of the year was a high demand for photovoltaics, with long construction cycles, tight policy controls and continuous production of kilns.
As the world’s second largest producer of photovoltaic glass, accounting for about 20% of the world’s markets, the industry landscape will double to the level of company performance. The volume of light glass exports has grown steadily, the scale of benefits has increased, and the profitability of the company has increased.
With 158 million flats, an increase of 67.1% over the same period, sales are expected to rise further in 2020 in the context of higher capacity and a favourable market climate.
The photovoltage machine is expected to be full in the second half of the year, pulling the price of the light glass back and achieving a full increase in the volume price. At the same time, the market recognition of the two-faced components has increased. It is expected that the double-faced component will have a 26 per cent or more capacity in 2020, with a significant increase in the demand for the light glass over 12 pct. 2020q1 light-voltage is priced.
At historical heights, q2 fell rapidly, and with the arrival of a wave of installed aircraft in the second half of the year, the price of photovoltaic glass recovered from August, up by 25%.t/d, Viet Nam's naval defense capacity of 2,000t/d (2 1,000 tonnes of daily capacity) will be in place by early 2021
Built. An Xingyang 2 of its daily capacity in 2019 is expected to reach production in 2021, and An Xinyang 2 of its fixed-h1 increase is expected to continue production from 2021 to 22, with a potential of 6,400 in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
It has a long cycle of certification and stable long-term customer relationships. Submarine glazing customers, mainly Lungi shares, crystal energy, the Hanhua Group, the East Sunrise, and other high-quality domestic and foreign component manufacturers, have increased their production capacity, the landscape of the glazing industry has increased, and the company’s photoglass business is growing rapidly, with a rising share projected.
By 2020, 85% of the company’s overall performance will be supported. The company’s photovoltaic glass business was achieved in 2019. The company’s new kilns have single-line capacity at 1000–1200t/d, with a lower combined cost compared to 600t/d’s old capacity.
The company’s photo-glass business was 32.9% in 2019, compared to the same amount, and because the company’s industry was photo-voltaic, we chose to compare companies listed in the field of photo-voltaics, including silicon, silicon, battery, components, and optical glass.
But the industry climate has raised the company’s overall valuation. And the company’s h shares are still undervalued and have an investment value. Absolute valuation method: set parameters: beta = 1.73, one-year deposit rate lf = 1.5%, mandatory light-voltage machines are not as fast as expected, production lines are not built as expected, raw material prices are volatile, and there is an overseas epidemic.
Foreign companies in the energy sector have worked for three years, and have been involved in several nuclear, fire, oil, gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with extensive experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, and industrial policy research.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.