The company was founded in 1998 as a polehead of the glazing glass industry. It is expected that, by the end of the 20th year, the glazing glass will have been made available to the public at the end of the 20th century.
With high growth in the photovoltaic industry, the glass track is “long slope snow”: costs are falling sharply, and the photovoltaic industry is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Optimistic projections are that in 2024, the number of new global loads is expected to reach 280gw, with a complex growth rate of 23.6% and a clear photovoltaic glass pattern, which is expected to outpace future developments.
On the demand side, the penetration rate is now close to 30%, higher than expected, and the supply situation is expected to continue. In the long run, there is still room for a moderate upscaling of the market pool under the glass energy replacement policy, with limited scope for cost decline, and long-term price support.
Active expansion and consolidation of the lead in scale benefits: six new production lines are planned for the future, of which two 1,000t/d kilns in Viet Nam are expected to be set on fire in 2004 and 2101 respectively, with a fixed increase of 2.85 billion available for the year to build four 1,200t/d kilns, expected to be 21q4-22q1 points
Technology and cost advantages create industry giants: companies have clear technological advantages, production lines are fully autonomous, R & D, and technology leads globally. Newly expanded energy can melt at 1,200 t/d, saving nearly 20% of energy consumption compared to the industry average of 600 t/d. Through excellent cost-control capabilities,
The company ' s Māori ratio is a leader in the industry. The 20h1 light-voltage glass ratio is 40.05%, an increase of 11.28 pt compared to 2019, an increase of 7.18 pt.
Risk factors: less than expected exposure to photovoltaic machines: risk of falling product prices: trade protection risks; less than expected risk of double-bond component penetration.
By the first half of 2020, with a strong technological advantage, the public sector held a market share of more than 20% of the glass, and the company was actively expanding, with the city expected to increase to 27% by 2022. With the acceleration of the photovoltaic price access process, the number of light-voltage machines is expected to rise further, plus double.
The value of two pieces of 2.0 mm glass will increase by more than 30% compared to a 3.2 mm glass, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future. Some of the industry’s voices argue that in recent years light glass production has expanded more rapidly, with an overall excess of capacity.
We believe, however, that productive capacity should be viewed in a dynamic way, that, with the future increase in the volume of photovoltaics and the spread of the two-bonds, the demand for photovoltaic glass will increase rapidly, and that there will be no excess problems in the industry’s capacity. As a light glass company, changes in the landscape of the downstream photovoltaic industry will have a greater impact on the company’s share price, and components will be affected by changes in the landscape of the industry.
Changes in the volume of purchasing of photovoltaic glass by manufacturers have a greater impact on the company’s stock prices. The volume of photovoltaics does not match the expected risks; the price of products falls; the company’s productive capacity fails to materialize as expected; and the trade protection risk: the diffusion of two-bond components does not go as fast as the expected risks.
One, twenty-carried, glazing giant 1.1 seizes the opportunity to quickly grow into an industry leader, which was created in June 1998 by the Ford Glass Group Ltd., with its headquarters in Kahem, Zhejiang, and whose main business is
Glass research and development, manufacturing and marketing, under the Group’s 10 fully-owned holding companies, covering solar photovoltaic glass, high-quality floating glass, engineering glass, home glass and quartz mining. The company is the world’s second largest producer of photovoltaic glass, listed in Hong Kong in 2015 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2019 and successfully achieved a+h
The company’s main products include photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass, and home glass. Photovoltaic glass is a masked panel glass for photovoltaic battery assemblies: floating glass is a base glass for deep-processed glass products such as engineering glass, home glass, and the company’s floating glass is used mainly for the production of engineering glass and home glass, with the remaining small amounts sold out;
Engineering glass includes low-e glass, laminated glass, medium-space energy-efficient glass, etc., for use in construction: home glass includes environmental mirrors, steel glass, roasted glass, etc., for indoor and outdoor housing, home power, and decorating.
The expansion of industrial opportunities has taken the lead in expanding capacity, reaching 2290t/d by the end of 2013, fully enjoying the dividends of the rapid growth of the global photovoltaic industry. The 1,000t/d optical glass kiln at An Xingyang was well lit at the end of 2017, with a solar melting of 3,390 tons, and shared more than 50% of the market share of the photovoltaic glass with Shinyo.
A solid partnership has been established among the 10 main photovoltaic components of the ball, such as Sky Concord, Crystal Crystal, Crystal Australia, English and Attitude. By the end of 2019, the company was able to produce 5400t/d, and the second-largest market position in the optical glass industry was stable.
The canadiansolar 1.2 shares are stable, more concentrated, more concentrated in the company, and the Nguyen family is the actual controller of the company.
Tsai Yun is the daughter of Nguyen Hong Liang and Kang Xinghua, the husband and wife of Nguyen Xiaofei, who signed a consensus agreement in September 2016. According to the 2020 mid-report, the Nguyen family holds 57.40 per cent of the total share in the company as the actual controller of the company, and the combined shares of Nguyen Hong Liang, Kang Xinghua, Nguyen Xiaohua and Zhao Xiaofei are in the same position.
1.3 There has been a steady increase in performance and profitability of 3000t/d light glass bases, supporting high growth in corporate performance. In the first half of 2020, the share of photovoltaic glass manufacturing and sales in total corporate revenue was 85 per cent, the company ' s leading business, with a profit level relative to the company ' s performance.
The firm’s performance grew at a high rate with the accelerated release of its productive capacity in 2019. The Angkl Production Base, which produced 3000t/d light glass, was successfully built and set on fire in 2019. The company achieved an annual income of 2,496 million h1 in 2019, an increase of 22.69 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 461 million, an increase of 76.27 per cent.
Of that amount, H1 achieved a profit of 2,128 million in 2020, an increase of 38.92% over the same year, up to an increase in the price of photovoltaic glass, and a rapid increase in the company’s Māori. The company’s gross profit in light glass was at the highest level of its four largest glass products. The company’s gross glass ratio rose by 40.05% in the first half of 2020.
The epidemic has not changed its performance, and the company’s profitability has been high. Despite the slowdown in the entire photovoltaic sector during the first half of the year, the company experienced negative growth in the first half of the year, with an increase of 2,496 million in operating income, compared with 22.69%;
The overall cost rate has been stable and has remained relatively stable in recent years. The sales cost for 2020h1 company has been 5.46%, increasing solvency in the same year, and overall operational capacity has been stable: 62.14 days of inventory turnover, an increase of 9.87 days in the same year, with a lower delivery rate and a projected recovery in the second half of the year; and the liquidity of accounts receivable.
The photovoltaic sector is growing rapidly, the glass track's long slope thick snow is available at 2.1 light-voltage parities, global installed capacity is growing, the economy of photovoltaic power is gradually emerging, and parity access is about to be achieved.
The spread of a range of technologies, the cost of the photovoltaic sector has declined rapidly, and according to the data from irena, from 2011 to 2019, the global cost of photovoltaic power dropped from $0.191 to $0.049, a 74 per cent reduction. Domestically, the price of poles set by the Energy Authority has also fallen year by year, from $1.15 in 2011 to $1.15 in 2011 in category 1 area, which has fallen this year.
At present, the 13th Plan has been exceeded in the 1, 11 and 111 resource areas, with a single step away from the goal of affordable access to the Internet. New energy generation is supported by policy support to eliminate space over-exploitation. On May 25, the National New Energy Consumption Monitoring Early Warning was launched.
The heart published a national bulletin on wind power and photovoltaic power generation in 2020, and a 20-year national photovoltaic dissipation space of 48.45gw, its China Net, 39.05gw, its South Net, 7.40gw, and its Inner Mongolia Electricity Company, 2gw.
Parity projects have increased rapidly, and policy efficiency has increased. With the sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic components and the large increase in the availability of space, the incentive for operators to offer parity projects has begun to grow.
This project should be approved and started by the end of 2020, in order to avoid delays in the construction and waste of the project.
By the end of 2021, the list of items should be connected to the Internet, except for the reasons for the restriction. The start of the work and the limitation of the duration of the network greatly improves the effectiveness of the project’s declarations and the efficiency of the use of space.
A total of 168 PV projects, and a total of 989 in 2020, a 4.9-fold increase. In terms of installed capacity, the first PV project in 2019 was 14.78gw, and this time 33.05gw, a more than doubling increase.
Domestically, as costs fall and space is dissipated gradually, domestic photovoltage will continue to grow. According to cpia projections, this year's loading will continue to grow.
This should be 35-45gw, an increase of 49.45% over the same period. Last year’s 25th United Nations Climate Change Conference Development Outlook, it is expected that photovoltaic will be China’s first power source by 2050, with a total installed capacity of 5,000gw, or about 40% of the country’s electricity use in that year.
By 2030, according to irena, the world’s photovoltaic additions will reach 300gw, with two times as much growth as the current 100gw or more. In terms of total volume, it is expected that by 2050, 2.2 China’s photovoltaic industry will be the world’s champion and the industrial chain will have historic opportunities.
Starting in 2000, China’s photovoltaic enterprises went through a long “two sides outside” phase, with upland silicon dependent on imports. Downstream terminal markets, 90% of which come from abroad. Profit is compressed by high silicon costs. Markets are threatened by trade protectionism.
Business monopolies, as domestic production processes, such as Siemens, matured, and the domestic silicon industry rose rapidly, achieving most of its silicon self-sufficiency in 2018, and silicon prices fell sharply from $400/kg in 2011 to less than $100/kg today.
With only 11 per cent of the world ' s total additional installed capacity in the Year, by 2017 it had reached over 50 per cent, becoming the world ' s largest photovoltaic market, and despite the short-term decline in domestic photovoltaic markets in 18 and 19 affected by policies, domestic demand for it has remained strong in the long run.
Through rapid developments in recent years, the country’s photovoltaic industry has gradually increased its core competitiveness and its market share has risen rapidly, thanks to both cost and technology. In 2010, the country produced 11gw silicon, 12gw overseas: 10.5gw domestically and 13.5gw overseas.
The annual domestic production of silicon is already 134.6gw, representing more than 97% of total global production, and the battery production capacity is 108.6gw, accounting for more than 77.5% of total global production. Through up-and-down monopolies in the industrial chain, the domestic photovoltaic industry has developed a strong global picture.
At the end, the advantage of the component chain remains clear. Domestic component production reached 98.6gw in 2019, accounting for 71.4 per cent of global output, and export data have been positive for three years. According to cpia, the country achieved 66.6gw photovoltaic component exports in 2019, an increase of 60.1 per cent compared to the previous year.
After March, however, the data are back on track, our photovoltaic products remain highly competitive worldwide, and domestic enterprises along the chain of the photovoltaic industry are in the best state of development. 2.3 The smooth glass track is good, and the country is growing at a very fast pace.
As the domestic photovoltaic industry progresses, the market share of domestic component support industries has gradually increased. And, as an important aid, glazing has been growing rapidly in recent years. In 2010, it produced 99 million square metres, accounting for 49.16 per cent of total global production; in 2019, it produced 497 million square metres.
In 2019, we achieved a total of 20,690,000 tons of photovoltaic glass exports, compared to the previous year.
Growth of 14.52%; export earnings of $1.686 billion, or 18.23% over the same period. Both in terms of total and average prices, positive growth has been achieved. Against a background of stable domestic prices of photovoltaic glass, the increase in export average prices is also reflected in the country’s growing dominance and bargaining power.
Battery costs have declined rapidly, and the cost of containment has risen considerably. As a result of lower prices for upstream silicon and silicon, the cost of cell film production has declined significantly in recent years, from 1.78 yuan perw in 2018 to less than 0.9 yuan per w in 2018, a drop of almost 50%. The price of other assistive materials on the end of the components has fallen by far less than 50%, which has led to a reduction in the group.
The percentage of total cost per year has increased and has now reached a level of 40 per cent, with the cost of containment not projected by cpia being close to 60 per cent. Much of the lower cost of materials is due to the strength of the price of photovoltaic glass, which dropped from only 27.375 yuan/m° to 25 m° in almost a year, a decline of only 8.68 per cent.
The price of single crystal perc batteries dropped by 12 per cent over the same period, with the price of single crystal silicon and g1 silicon falling by 20 per cent. Production increased slowly, and industry supply and demand remained balanced. In recent years, industrial output has changed mildly, with fewer new products available. As of July this year, there were 27 domestic production bases, an increase of 3 compared to the same period last year; and 44 kilns, compared with 44 kilns.
There were four increases during the same period last year; 155 production lines, 17 more than during the same period last year; and a current total capacity of 26260 tons per day, an increase of 12.08% over the same period. With a significant increase in demand for components, the current increase in glass capacity can be fully absorbed, the supply and demand structure of the industry is healthy, and the price of photovoltaic glass will remain stable in the long run.
The dominant product of photovoltaic glass at present is super-white-pressureed glass, which is produced using a pressure-drawn process based on floating glass processes by which the glass from the kiln is formed in different shapes on its surface through a pressure-laying machine.
Sub-design can also increase spectrometry. The current photovoltaic glass penetration rate in industry is around 91.5%, and the space to continue to enhance the spectrometry by improving the Bolivia itself is already very limited. The plating process is now widely used in the industry, increasing the spectrometry rate by increasing and reducing the refractions by about 2%.
Photovoltaic glass has increased its performance in many ways compared to ordinary glass through special processes. To boost high permeability, the iron content of light glass is much smaller than that of ordinary glass, and is only one tenth less than that of ordinary glass. By reducing iron content, it achieves superwhite properties. Moreover, light in terms of strength, inflexibility, high temperature, etc.
The performance of the glass is stronger than that of the glass. 2.4 End demand explosion + dual-faced components, and the outlook for light glass demand is significant. First, there is still a very large growth space for the light terminal load in the long run.
In addition, as a result of the greater efficiency of the overall transformation of the components, the two-bond components have become widely available in recent years, and their anti-pid, anti-snail, anti-hidden, anti-sand, anti-sand, anti-salt fog features have a greater advantage in the bad natural environment. Moreover, the two-bond components have a very wide range of applications in the area of bipv.
In 2019, the penetration rate of the two-faced components reached 14%, and by 2025, according to cpia, the market share of the two-faced components will exceed that of the one-sided components, reaching 60%.
Based on industry developments, we measure the need for photovoltaic glass over the next three years. According to the neutrally optimistic projections of Solarpowereure, we expect global photovoltaic additional installed capacity of 135gw, 160gw, 2.103, 2.162, and 2.250 m2.
The annual demand for photovoltaic glass tablets is 885.0/116.0.1317 million tons, respectively. In terms of supply and demand, we believe that a phased supply shortfall will continue until the end of 2021.
3.1 A clear pre-eminence, technology leading industry standards, was one of the first companies in the country to enter the field of photovoltaic glass, and as early as 2006, the company broke the international giant's monopoly on photovoltaic technology and markets and became the country's first-ever national production of photovoltaic glass through autonomous research and development.
Companies. In 2008, companies used Sharp to achieve international first-class production, while companies were also home-grown high-performance spf (solartechnikprüfungforschung) certification of light glass, which is also a certificate that European clients generally require for light glass enterprises.
Companies have also been involved in the development of nine national standards for the photovoltaic glass industry.
Photovoltaic glass production is difficult and technically demanding. Photovoltaic glass is used mainly in the current industry as a super-white-pressureed flowering technique, which requires better solar light passivity, absorption, reflectivity, and shock resistance, corrosion resistance, high temperature resistance, etc. Moreover, there are a lot of technical links in photovoltaic glass manufacturing, and the quality of product control is extremely difficult.
There is a strong continuity in the production of glass, which requires the re-establishment of an unqualified photovoltaic glass, and the production of the original product, which takes 24 hours of continuous work and cannot be discontinued, and therefore the production of the product is of a hard quality to guarantee production.
Newly, the accumulation of production experience, the maturity of the process, and the level of precision in technology management have become important technical barriers for enterprises. Therefore, it is difficult for ordinary glass producers to transform into a light glass market.
The certification process is complex and barriers are difficult to overcome. Photovoltaic components exported overseas must obtain local product quality recognition, while, as an important component of the component, the replacement of photovoltaic glass needs to be re-certified, and the longer cycle has led to a tendency for component firms to work with a stable quality, timely supply of photovoltaic glass on a timely scale, and to stabilize supply.
It won't be easy to replace. Moreover, the photovoltaic glass itself is more stringent, and Fullet has obtained a series of high-level certifications, both domestic and external, including Chinese standards and Swiss spf, which has raised the company's very strong corporate resource barrier of 3.1.3.
High-quality customer resources, long-term cooperative stability. The photovoltaic component chain industry has a high concentration, accounting for 64% of the world ' s sales of the top 10 photovoltaic component plants in 2019. As a supplier of photovoltaic fuel, orders can only be secured by mastering the customer of the core component. In 2019, the top five customers accounted for the top five of the company ' s optical glass revenues.
For the last three years, the company has been working with the best-quality clients in the industry, and orders are at the industry ' s leading level in terms of quality and quantity. Through long-term and stable cooperative relationships with downstream high-quality clients, companies have accumulated.
3.2 Continued high-speed expansion of production and the consolidation of the dominant position of the advantage of scale The impact of the industrial races is evident and the pattern of scalable competition has been established.
Small businesses are difficult to compete with large firms in terms of product quality, supply stability, and prices, so the competitive advantage of the industry’s niche market is evident. According to our statistics, the combined capacity of Shinyo and Frett in 2019 accounted for 54% of total light glass production, and the industry’s leader was more stable.
The industry’s leader’s leading role in productive capacity will continue for a long time. Figure 43: Photovoltaic glass production at the end of 2019 will take over the supply of materials from the Frett’s Rainbow Group’s construction of Tangshan Kinsinji.
After the completion of the company's initial fund-raising project, "90 million tons of photovoltage per year" of glass, the company issued a further $2.85 billion in debt swaps and fixed increases this year.
Construction of four 1200t/d kilns. According to the company ' s debt-transferable instructions, in 2019, the company ' s photovoltaic glass tablets reached 15,674 tons, an increase of 45.13 per cent, yielding 128.32 million tons, yielding a high capacity of 3.3 cost control in 2018, leading the profit-making industry.
In the larger context of continuing industrial efficiency gains, photovoltaic glass producers also reduce production costs in a variety of ways, the most important of which is to spread production by increasing the amount of single kilns. According to Drove data, the average industrial single kilns are smelting daily from 540 in July 2018.
Tons were raised to 597 tons in July 2020. And, according to Fullet, its kilns are clearly larger than industry, and the single kiln smelting volume of the public sector ipo project, a 900-ton photovolt assembly sheet glass project, has risen significantly from 300-600 tons of company original capacity to 1,000 tons, while the new 750,000 tons capacity this year has been further increased to 1,200 tons.
The company has a fully autonomous intellectual property right to the fibreglass production line, which is currently the world's most advanced photovoltaic glass production line, with “two tall and one low” characteristics of high productivity, high completion rates and low unit energy consumption, which represents a reduction of nearly 20 per cent in unit energy consumption compared to the old kilns.
Raw materials are well supplied and purchased at a stable cost. The main raw materials for glass production include pure alkaline and quartz sand, and the main fuel drivers include petroleum-type fuels, electricity, and natural gas. The company’s purchases of raw materials and energy have remained largely stable for the last three years through linkages with multiple suppliers.
According to the annual report, except for oil-based fuel and natural gas, there is less volatility in raw materials. Through technological upgrading and excellent supply chain management, the unit cost of a company ' s photovoltaic glass is $17.99 per unit in 2017.
With a strong technological edge and supply chain management capacity, the public sector has a stronger cost-control capacity. For five years, the company’s photovoltaic glass ratio has been at its highest in the industry.
Marton did not have the production capacity for photovoltaic tablets until this year, and the processing of photovoltaic glass deep through the purchase of the originals led to a lower Maori rate in Yamaton, a lower Maori rate in South Boba due to the small size of the production capacity and the weak scalability effect, and a higher Māori rate for the leading firms, Fulette and Shinyo.
3.4 With the steady growth of deep-processed glass operations, home-based and engineering breakthroughs, companies have continued to reduce the proportion of floating glass exterior sales in recent years and to improve product competitiveness through intensive work.
To become its global stable oem supplier, the company achieved 8.12 million square metres of household glass sales in 2019, an increase of 2.27 per cent in the same year. In engineering glass, the company ' s low-e glass and laminated glass were fully recognized by downstream customers, and 12 million square metres of glass sales were made in 2019, an increase of 17.88 per cent.
Other glass products: The company’s other glass products are mainly floating glass and its deep-processed products, including engineering glass and home-based glass. As the market for floating glass becomes more competitive, the company’s floating glass exterior ratio tends to decrease, shifting it to deep processing to higher value added products, and is expected to grow by 5 per cent over the next three years.
The volume of light-voltage machines does not match the expected risk: the risk of falling product prices: the company ' s capacity to produce does not materialize as expected: the trade protection risk: the spread of the two-bond components is not as fast as expected.