The clinical value of innovative medicines is highlighted and performance is back on track. On August 18, 2023, the company announced that $11,168 million was collected in the first half of 2023.
1. Heung Swe Medicines: Equity Incentives for Profound Confidence, Innovative Medicines for Long-term Growth, 2023.8.1 Double Profit Growth and Cost Optimization. (1) In the first half of 2023, the company
“Heung Swe Medicines” Review: Proposed Repurchase of Shares for Staff Holding Schemes, 3. “Hing Swe Medicines” Review: Innovations are beginning to bloom, Medicines are turning around, and it's starting to come to the fore, driving income back on track.
The demand for prescription drugs has gradually been released as the medical service has recovered, and the sale of surgical anesthesia, photography, etc., as well as of new generics on the market, has increased more than ever. (2) The cost of sales, R & D and administrative costs have been split between companies in the first half of 2023.
In the first half of 2023, six listing applications received nmpa.
In addition, the company acquired seven batches for the production of innovative pharmaceutical preparations, one batch for the production of modified new preparations and two batches for the production of generic pharmaceutical preparations.
Internal development is coupled with external cooperation, and the internationalization process continues to grow. In the first half of 2023, the company worked with Treline to advance the process of cooperation on ezh2 inhibitors, in which Treeline paid $11 million in initial payments to the company.
The Tslp mono-resistance cooperation process.onebio will pay the company $25 million in initial and milestone payments.bd cooperation will add a growth dynamic to the company’s development, and it is expected to continue taking into account the company’s rich R & D pipelines and ongoing product delivery.
The risk of product declarations being approved, increased competition leading to sales below expected risks, risk-taking, internationalization processes below expectations, etc. The clinical value of innovative medicines is highlighted, and performance is back on track for growth.
The company has successfully moved from the simulation phase to the comprehensive innovation phase, with extensive pipeline layout and full disease coverage.The research and development of the company covers a total of 11 areas, of which the oncological field covers hormone inhibitors, anti-couples (adc), neoplasms.
There are a wide range of research areas, such as immunization, hormonal receptor regulation, dna restoration, and visual genetics, and support for treatment. At the same time, the company has developed a diversified strategic layout in the areas of autoimmune diseases, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, respiratory diseases, blood diseases, pain management, nervous system diseases, ophthalmology, and nuclear drugs.
Performance is back on track, cost rates are gradually being optimized The clinical value of innovative medicines is highlighted, driving income growth. In the first half of 2023, companies achieved operating income of $11,168 million, an increase of 9.19 per cent compared to the previous year, of which $4,962 million (including taxes) was generated for innovative medicines.
Optimization, the cost of marketing, R & D, and administrative costs have all shown a downward trend. A company’s innovation drug, based on its superior clinical value, better treatment options for patients, is expected to be phased out in the future with its advantages.
Dar Silly is China’s first autonomously developed new high-selective cdk4/6 inhibitor, significantly improving the hr+/her2-second-line breast cancer patient’s no-progress survival period (pfs) and significantly reducing the risk of death. Raviramine is China’s first autonomous ar inhibitor, receiving the Chinese Clinical Oncology Society (csco)
Prostate Cancer Clinical Guide (2022), recommended level 1a. Adberli is China’s first autonomously developed and approved pd-l1 inhibitor of widespread stage-stage lung cancer, significantly prolonging the patient’s total survival (os) to 15.3 months, and treating extensive stage-of-stage pulmonary cancer first-line.
Medical treatment offers better options. 34.8 million yuan, 46.14 million yuan and 10.19 million yuan, respectively, were allocated for sales, R & D and administrative costs in the first half of 2023, while none of these costs were incurred during the same period in 2022.
The clinical trials of innovative medicines have advanced rapidly, and several innovations have been marketed. Research and development pipelines have continued to advance in the first half of 2023, with a total of six listing applications receiving Nmpa, six clinical advances reaching the iii stage, 17 clinical advances to the iii stage and 18 clinical advances to the iii stage.
Her2adc product shr-a1811 rapidly enters the clinical ii phase of research: 2 protac molecules are already in the clinical stage: pd-l1/tgf beta bi-transit drug shr-1701 rapidly promotes multiple clinical ii-stage studies;
A new generation of tigit/pvrig blended proteins has successfully started clinical research. The company has 13 self-researched innovations, 2 co-initiated the introduction of innovations that have been approved in the country, and the innovations have been prioritized in the industry.
The newly modified new drug, the right metomic nose spray, was marketed, the ninth adaptive disorder against Carelliadol and the third adaptive disorder against Apadeni (both combined for the treatment of terminal liver cancer) were marketed, and the third anaesthetic accelerosis (combined toads for the treatment of her 2 positive relapses/transferable breast cancer) was marketed.
The second adaptation to Dalsili hydrazulfonate (combined thorium or analysium first line for the treatment of hr positive, her2 negative, repeated or late transfer of breast cancer) was approved for listing.
In the first half of 2023, the company acquired seven batches for the production of innovative pharmaceutical preparations, one batch for the production of improved new formulations, two batches for the production of generic pharmaceutical preparations: two series for the evaluation of consistency: 32 for the acquisition of innovative drug clinical batches, four for the manufacture of generic pharmaceutical batches: four clinical trials were included in the breakthrough treatment list and one clinical trial was included in the United States fda
Qualifications for orphan medicines. 8 batches of innovative medicines were obtained in 5:1h23 and 2 batches of generic pharmaceuticals were obtained in 6:1h23
In the first half of 2023, the company and treeline advanced the process of cooperation on ezh2 inhibitors, of which treeline paid the company $11 million in initial payments.
The company pays $25 million in initial and milestone payments.bd cooperation adds a growth momentum and is expected to bring ownership to the company.bd