Innovative drugs are growing in high income, pipelines are in harvest, Heung Swe medicine (600276) (for the first time)
Increase of 9.19 per cent in the same year; net return of $2.308 billion, increase of 8.91 per cent in the same year; net deduction of non-repatriation of $5.676 billion in operating income, increase of 19.51 per cent in the same year (q1 year +0.25 per cent); net return of $1,069 million, increase of 21.17 per cent in the same year (q1 year + 0.17 per cent); net loss of non-repatriation of profits
The sales cost rates were 36.22 per cent, 34.54 per cent, 32.94 per cent and 32.94 per cent, respectively, and the decrease was more marked; the cost of the management fee The cost of the sales, R & D and administrative costs were distributed among the first half of the year at $34.8 million, $46.14 million and $10.19 million respectively.
The value of innovative medicines highlights the fact that they drive growth in performance, and imitation of pharmaceutical revenues is almost even. 2023h1 created new medicines with a revenue of $4,962 million (including taxes), and the company’s access to innovative medicines has increased significantly.
The priority product, Dar Silly, was the first cdk4/6 inhibitor to be developed autonomously in China, and pfs made the first 30 months of treatment for first-line breast cancer patients in hr+/her2-first-line, with an objective mitigation rate.
(orr) 57.4%; Rivirum is China's first autonomous arc inhibitor. In addition, the first half of the year, a new Adebéli (pd-l1 inhibitor) was granted, significantly extending the patient's total survival (os) to 15.3 months, and is still in the early stages of access, contributing to a certain increase in company performance.
In the first half of the year, i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i., i., i.e.e.e., i.e., i., i., i., i., i.e.e., i., i., i.e.e.e.e., i.
The seventh batch, which started in most of the provinces as a result of the renewal of the Abitrome, involved a reduction of $578 million in product sales on a year-on-year basis. A number of innovations were marketed, with a strong internal growth momentum.
Adberli single resistance, phosphate Rigletine, Otcononium, marketed, modified, new drug, right mercuric, Tomi nose spray, 9th adaptive to Kareli bead, 3rd adaptive disorder to Apadalini, combined for late liver cancer, and 3rd malatidine.
Adaptive disorders (combined tortole beads against Gadoxitas on the first line to treat her2 positive relapsing/transferable breast cancer) and a second adaptive disorder (combined thorium or anachronium on the second line to treat hr positive, her2 negative relapsing, or late transfer of breast cancer) were approved for listing.
The development of the pipeline includes: six listing applications for Nmpa, six clinical advances to iii, 17 to ii, and 18 to i. A rich and promising 20+ innovation matrix provides a strong long-term engine of growth.
Investment Recommendations: Considering the company ' s rich R & D pipelines, which will continue to be realized in the future, contributing to an increase in performance, I - I - I - I - I have seen a remarkable increase in performance, in the quality of operations, in efficiency, I have come up with better treatment options, and access to health care has improved significantly.
The recovery of institutional consultations, the gradual release of demand for prescription drugs, the sale of products such as surgical anesthesia, photography, and new generics on the market are more visible than the increase, but the collection of generic drugs continues to place a certain strain on sales. Companies strengthen resource integration to improve the quality and profitability of their operations by reducing efficiency gains.
The sales cost rates were 36.22%, 34.54%, 32.94%, respectively, and the management costs were 11.04%, 10.84%, and the upgrades were significant. Firms strictly managed the controllers, continuously increasing per capita single production, strengthening the management of the sales operations support system, marketing finance systems, improving the efficiency of sales operations and ensuring efficiency gains.
In the first half of 2023, the company's 1st innovation drug, Adberi monodynasty, phosphate Rigretine, Otconazine, and the improved new drug, the right metomic nose spray, were marketed.
Responsive disorders (both combined for the treatment of terminal liver cancer) and the 3rd adaptation of the Maratonic carotids (combined tortuous beryllium anti-Gadosisis on the treatment of her2 positive relapsing/transferable breast cancer, Dalcily on the treatment of thallium or anthophylene on the treatment of hr positive, her2 negative local relapsing or late transfer of breast cancer) were approved for the market.
In February 2023, the company will develop its own ezh2 inhibitor shr2554 in addition to the Greater China.
In addition to global interests, a remunerative licence is granted to treelinebiosciences; treeline has made a down payment of $11 million to the company and will pay the company a cumulative development milestone of up to $45 million in accordance with the development progress; and, upon entering the commercial sales phase, treeline will pay a cumulative sales milestone of up to $650 million to Henwe based on actual annual net sales;
In addition, Treline will pay sales to the company at the agreed rate (10-12.5 per cent) based on the actual annual net sales. In August 2023, the company will pay onebio, inc., the first payment of $25 million and close to $25 million to the company for the global interest in the lymphocyte (tslp) monoclonal antibodies developed autonomously, except for the Greater China region.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been paid in the past.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.