Heung Swe Medicines: The number of new drugs on the market has increased to 15, and the number of “double AIDSs” in events: the company published a 2023-month report and earned $11,168 million in the first half of 2023.
The number of innovative medicines on the market has increased to 15, six of which are declared as available for the future, and 2023h1 innovations have received $4,962 million, three of which have been approved, and the number of innovative medicines on the market has increased to diabetes type, and Otcononium (severe vaginal vaginal fisculosis) has been approved for subsequent listing.
New adaptive treatments were approved, and the “double AIDS” combination was approved for first-line treatment of late-stage liver cancer in China. 6 innovative drugs were declared on the market, shr-1314 (il-17a, acute dermatitis), shr0302 (jak1, silver chipper), shr 8058 (nov03, dry eye disease), shr 8028 (ring).
Six listing applications were accepted for sorghuma, dry eye disease, shr-1209 (pcsk9, hyperlubic and cholesterol) and hrx0701 (dpp-iv/dip/dii-a-diabetes), and more than 80 autonomous innovation products were being developed clinically, and more than 270 clinical trials were being conducted at home and abroad.
The process of internationalization has progressed steadily, with the “double AIDS” combination of Nda being accepted by fda and the company currently conducting nearly 20 international clinical trials on innovative medicines, and the international multi-centre iii study on the treatment of late-stage liver cancer in Kareli Pearl Uniting, which has reached the main research endpoint, with the United States declaring it on the market.
The researcher's paper, published recently in The Lancet magazine, shows that the “double AIDS” combination has a total median survival of 22.1 months for the treatment of terminal liver cancer, which is currently the longest treatment of the intermediate total survival of the key studies for the treatment of late liver cancer.
In February 2023, the company authorized global interest in the ezh2 inhibitor shr2554, with the exception of Greater China, to treeline, with an initial payment of $11 million, with a milestone payment of up to $695 million + annual net sales (10-12.5 per cent). In August, the company countered the tslp bill against Great China.
\triangleright 2023h1 i.e., generic drug revenues are almost equal, and products such as surgical anesthesia, phantoms, and
The sales of new generics have increased significantly over the same period, but the second batch involved the injection of the product with the purple saplings, Sunda Securities Co. Ltd., ol (protein combination type), acetic acetic acetic acetylons, which had failed to win the bid and the price reduction due to the majority of the provinces.
The impact of factors such as the fact that sales were reduced by $523 million on a year-on-year basis, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which began in November 2022.
Seven batches involve a 578 million dollar reduction in the sales of products on a year-on-year basis. Risk factors: market expansion and sales below expected risk; market homogenization competition risk; product decline \triangleright
Commissioner, with an excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, has been employed in a wide-ranging long-standing and Fang Jing-Jing-Ying, a team member, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical co-works at ppcjam and paraexel.
Mr. Nguyen, a member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities.
In 2022, he became a member of the Sinda Portfolio, responsible for research in the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry, and in April 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities, responsible for research in the medical appliances and the Chinese medicine plate industry.
2 years of experience in the securities industry, 2022 with the Sunda securities, 2022 with the medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, Cao Jialin, team member, Master of Quantities Economics, Linnan College, Nakayama University, 2 years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, formerly with the Fangzheng securities, 2023 with the Sunda securities, with the fields of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
Song Dan, member of the team, Master of Basic Medicine, Nakayama School of Medicine, Nakayama University, two years of experience in securities practice, two years of research and development of innovative medicines, Zhang Jong-tao, member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance, University of China and South, one year of research experience in the pharmaceutical and biological industry, cpa (professional grade), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined the Shuda securities in 2023, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, vaccines.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.