Heung Swe Medicine (600276) The performance of the pharmaceutical biology is back on the rise, and innovation and internationalization continue to advance the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
The net profits of the shareholders of listed companies were 1.07 billion yuan (+21.2 per cent) and the net annual growth rate of the company's performance continued to accelerate, mainly because of the clinical value of the innovation, the growth of income, innovation, the income from the drug, which amounted to 4,962 million yuan (including taxes); and the same level of income from the drug, surgical anesthesia, photo production, etc.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate (+0.7 pp) was 84.2%; new drugs in the third category 1 were marketed and new drugs were developed and internationalized well. During the reporting period, the company created a new drug, Adberli monodynamy, phosphate Rigletine, Otconazine, were marketed with an improved new drug, the right-right meth hydrochloride.
Tomi's nose spray was released, and Kareli and Apadaloni combined to treat terminal liver cancer, martinis tonic tonic tonics to treat her 2-positive relapses/transfers on line 1 for breast cancer, thalsali thallium hydrazine or anachronium +, her2-point
There are six listing applications for re-enactment or late transfer of breast cancer. Six listing applications are accepted by Nmpa, six clinical advances to iii, 17 clinical advances to ii, and 18 clinical advances to i. The ezh2 project, Tslp single-manufactured journeys are expected to exceed $700 million and $1 billion, respectively.
• Building an advanced technology platform to build a global innovation system. Companies build up new technological platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights, inter-state excellence, such as protac, molecular glue, adc, bi/multi-resistant, ai molecule design. 8 new, differentiated adc molecules have been approved for clinical treatment against her 2dc products.
shr-a1811 into clinical iii phase: 2 protac molecules are already clinically active: 1. Henry Medicine (600276): tslp single-authorized pd-l1/tgf bi-resistant shr1701 fast-tracked multi-clinic iiii phase with a new generation of tigit/pvrig melting
Hai, the next city of internationalization (2023-08-16) co-protein has been successfully studied and more than 10 fic/bic double/multi-resistance studies have been carried out.
3. Heung Swe Medicine (2023-04-28) (600276): ezh2 is authorized to go to sea, and internationalization is about to change and remains the preferred option for domestic investment in innovative medicines, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Total transactions are expected to exceed $700 million Heung Swe medicine (600276): q3 income has been reduced by a narrow margin, and Nose will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.