Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276) Pharmaceutical biology tslp is authorized to go out to sea and internationalize the next city, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Incidents: the company has reached an agreement with the United States, onebio, inc., to grant onebio a remunerative licence for a new type of drug shr-1905 injecting fluid project with autonomous intellectual property rights. With exclusive rights, Hen Swe will receive a total of $25 million in initial payments and recent milestones, and will not exceed
Follow-up milestones of $1.025 billion and double-digit sales were raised. The initial payments and recent milestones received by Heng Swe totalled $25 million, including a down payment of $21.5 million and a recent milestone payment of $3.5 million after providing a certain number of samples for the first off-sea clinical period trial at Shr-1905.
At Shr-1905 in the United States of America, Japan and the agreed European countries, respectively, when the first annual net sales were made, onebio will pay a cumulative amount of up to $1,025 million in R & D and a sales milestone, and a two-digit share of the actual annual net sales will be paid to HS.
Tslp monomarkets have great potential, and shr-1905 is clinically active and is expected to be bic. Because of their impact on the early upstream side of the inflammatory cascade response, they can block the release of inflammatory cell factors, suppress the transmission of downstream inflammatory signals, and have the potential to apply to a wide range of severe asthma and not to watch (acidity or allergies, etc.)
In May of that year, Nmpa approved clinical trials for asthma adaptive disorders, and in May 2023, for chronic nasal inflammation with nasal aphrodisiac, both of which are currently clinically in progress. The Tezepelumab, developed jointly by Aslicom and Anjin, was listed in the United States in 2021 and in Japan and the European Union in 2022.
According to the valluatepharma database, the global sales in 2022 and 2023 q1 tezepelumab were about $174 million and $107 million, respectively. Other products of the same kind are still in clinical trials, both in the country and abroad, and their adaptation is dominated by asthma.
Building advanced technology platforms to build a global innovation system. Companies build new technological platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights, inter-state excellence, such as protac, molecular glue, adc, bi/multi-resistant, gene therapy, mrna, etc.
shr-a1811 fast into clinical ii: 2 protac molecules are at clinical and ind stages; 1. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): performance point has arrived, pd-l1/tgf betshr 1701 fast-tracked multiple clinical iiii studies and more than 10 fic/bics
New and internationalized travel is steady (2023-04-28) Heung Swe medicine (600276): ezh2 is authorized to go to sea, and the total volume of transactions is expected to exceed $700 million
The internationalization of medicines is about to change in quality, and remains the preferred option for domestic investment in innovative medicines, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.