Innovative drug research and development continues to be implemented, with attention paid to health-care negotiations, 0407, 2023, with the approval of the National Drug Surveillance Authority for the improvement of adult population.
In late 2021, the company’s first innovative drug for diabetic diabetic (t2dm) patients, blood sugar control, was introduced into the health-care catalogue in 2023.
At the recent 83rd American Diabetes Association (ada) Science Annual Conference, the company’s new oral molecule glp-1ra.
(hrs-7535) and glp-1/gip (hrs 9531), the latest research results are excellent, and we look forward to the long-term growth of companies in the field of diabetes and metabolism.
This is the company's first innovation in the field of anti-infection.
The research assistant, Wieshaw Wang, introduced by Mycovia Inc., is the external authorization of the inhibitor shr2554, after the release of the Linplissa film in November 2022, and we see licensing cooperation as a new engine of corporate growth.
Of these, the recently marketed innovative drugs, such as Limplice, Adberli, Rigretine, Otxon, etc., as well as the new adaptive conditions, such as the cocodone front line, the Dar Silly front line, meet the requirements of this year's health catalogue adjustment, and are expected to engage in further expansion by the end of this year in health negotiations.
The tubes are deep and diverse, and long-term growth is sufficiently dynamic. The company’s innovation lines are deep and are currently in the process of filing applications for anti-Ricasi monolithic anti-septic anti-septic film, pcsk9.
Beyond the traditional advantage neoplasm area, companies are expected to gradually enter the harvest period in areas such as self-exclusion and metabolism, with long-term \trianglerights leading to under-sale risks, risk-taking, and internationalization processes below the expected risks.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.