"Dual Aids" data published with a Willow Sword, focusing on the use of innovative drugs 26/07/2023. : July 25th, the pd-1 inhibitor for the autonomous development of Heung Swe Medicines.
Pateni (the “double AIDS” combination) published online as the lead paper on the global multi-centre iii clinical study (cares-310) for the treatment of terminal uncircumcision of hepatocyte cancer in pesofoni in the leading international medical journal Willow's “double AIDS” combination for the treatment of first-line liver cancer. Cares-310 studies show excellent clinical data.
\triangleright Rigliadell Unite Apadeni (“doubt-ai”) compared to Solafeni's first line of treatment for late-stage liver cell cancer, with no progress survival period (pfs) and total survival period (os) benefiting in full and no progress in the middle.
(mpfs) 5.6 months (3.7 months for the control group), reducing the risk of disease progress by 48 per cent; median total survival period (mos) by 22.1 months (15.2 months for the control group), reducing the risk of death by 38 per cent.
An objective mitigation rate (orr) of 25 per cent for the treatment group and a median mitigation duration (mdor) of 14.8 s010523000002 could increase the likelihood of follow-up treatment for more terminal liver cancer patients; and, in the area of safety, “Junai”
The research assistant Wang Weishaw, based on the results of the study, was approved by the National Drug Control Agency of China (nmpa) at the beginning of the year.
The \triangleright front-line treatment of hepatocyte cancer, the first approved pd-1 inhibitor in our country and the world for late hepatocyte cancer, is a combination of anti-vascular drugs for small molecules.
The company has actively promoted the “double AIDS” portfolio to the international level, and the project team has completed a review of the US Food and Drug Surveillance 1. Heung Swe (600276.sh) incident: multi-round communication with the Innovative Medicines Authority (fda), which is now in the process of submitting applications for new medicines in the United States.
Research and development has continued, and attention has been paid to health-care negotiations that have led to the disqualification of the American fda orphan drug for the treatment of non-circumcision or transferable hepatocyte cancer on the Apadeni front line.
Of these, the recently marketed innovative drugs, such as Limplice, Adberli, Rigretine, Otxon, etc., as well as the new adaptive conditions, such as the cocodone front line, the Dar Silly front line, meet the requirements of this year's health catalogue adjustment, and are expected to engage in further expansion by the end of this year in health negotiations.
The tubes are deep and diverse, with long-term growth dynamics. The company’s innovation lines are deep, with more than 10 new drugs currently in the Nda and iii phases, and in the near future, il-17a single anti-vaginal chrome fluids, jak1
In addition to the traditional niche oncology, the company is expected to gradually enter the harvest period in areas such as self-exclusion and metabolism.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.