Innovative drugs drive income growth, and the internationalization strategy is steadily moving forward
During the reporting period, corporate income from innovative medicines amounted to $4,962 million (including taxes), representing the bulk of operating income, partly offset by positive factors such as the recovery of medical consultations and the gradual release of demand for prescription drugs during the reporting period, which were more or less the same as before.
The clinical value of the new drug is evident, for example, Dar Silly, who was approved in December 2021, maintains a record of maximum therapeutic efficacy in current similar studies, Rivirum, who was listed in June 2022, was recommended by the Chinese Clinical Indignity Institute (csco) for Prostate Cancer Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Clinical Treatment (Csco) level I. New AA was approved during the reporting period.
As new innovations are released, the company’s performance is expected to increase further. Many innovative pharmaceutical products have been approved, and the pipeline is moving well.
During the reporting period, the company had 8 medicines on the market, including 3 innovative drugs of type 1 (Adele monoanti, phosphate Rigletine and Otconazine), 1 new modified drug (right metomitite nose sprayer) and 4 innovative drugs on the market (Carrelli Jollo, Apateni, Ma)
To date, 15 innovative medicines have been approved for listing, including 13 self-researched and 2 co-innovated. In the research pipeline, companies have applied for admission to project 6 during the reporting period.
Shen Man, 6 clinical projects into the iii phase, 17 clinical projects into the iii phase, moving forward to i-point.
In February 2023, the company developed its own ezh2 inhibitor, shr2554, in addition to the Xiaoming Air Securities Company.
During the first half of the year, the innovation + internationalization strategy steadily advanced.
In August 2023, the company paid onebio, inc. for a US$ 25 million down payment for the self-researched lymphocyte lymphocyte (tslp) monoclonal antibodies other than the Great China region.
The company's first international multi-centre iii clinical study (Carilyadows vs. Apadaloni) on the international clinical trials of innovative medicines.
In May 2023, the company’s innovative drug edralbratinib was awarded an orphan’s drug qualification by the United States fda, and the internationalization strategy has progressed steadily.
At 54.48 times, 45.25 times and 39.27 times, respectively. Heung Swe's medicine is the leader of our innovative drug industry, and it's developed rationally and comprehensively, and the product pipeline is expected to continue.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.