Innovation-driven growth, and research and development progress: on August 18, Hen Swe medicine published its semi-annual report, and in the first half of 2023, the company achieved operating revenues of $11,168 million, an increase of 9.19 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2.308 billion.
Innovative Medicines: The clinical value of innovative medicines is highlighted, driving income growth, with companies generating \triangleright new medicines in the first half of 2023 amounting to $4,962 million (including taxes).
The same increase in sales of generic products and new generics on the market is more pronounced, but the collection of generics continues to exert some pressure on sales. The second batch of white purples, Abittrons are influenced by factors such as the non-achievement of bid and price reductions in most provinces, resulting in a 523 million yuan decrease in sales in the first half of 2023, compared to November 2022.
Research and development (R & D): In order to ensure innovation output, companies have continued to increase their innovation efforts and maintain higher R & D inputs, and research assistant Wang Wishaw has accumulated R & D investment of 3,058 million yuan in the first half of 2023, of which 2,331 million R & D investment has been cost-effective.
RMB. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s first innovative drug, Adberli Mono, Rigletin Phosphate, Otconan, was approved for the third adaptive disorder (both combined for the treatment of terminal liver cancer) and the third analytic acetic disorder (combined toad beads against Gadoxi) was approved for the company ' s third adaptive disorder.
1. Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Incident Review: Tslpda her2 positive re-emerging/transferable breast cancer was approved for listing, Dalcily 2nd adaptive disorder (connected to overseas authorization, focussing on the use of innovative drugs and long-term growth - 20
In the first half of 2023, a total of six Nmpa applications were submitted to the research and development pipelines in the first half of the year.
6 clinical advances to iii, 17 to ii, and 18 to i. Internationalization: February 2023, companies granted the self-researched ezh2 inhibitor a fee-based licence for 3.Hingsi Medicine (600276.sh) event evaluation: Innovative Medicines
Treeline; August 2023, company put tslp on a pay-off licence for onebio; U.S. fda is in the process of continuing research and development, with attention to the availability of health-care negotiation aid in 2023 to process the bla application for Kareli Pearl; May 2023, subsidiary innovation drug edralbrutib
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.