In recent years, China's annual report for 2016 has generated $5,855 million, an increase of 23.91 per cent over the year. The net gain on shareholders in listed companies is $734 million, an increase of 29.10 per cent over the same period; the revenue per basic share is $1.22, an increase over the same year.
> Order growth is steady and performance is in line with expectations The main reasons for the growth in revenue are: companies are strengthening new market openings and product promotion, and orders in the areas of defence, new energy vehicles and recharge facilities, data transmission and communications equipment are growing steadily and rapidly.
The net gains were mainly due to the fact that market orders continued to grow while product structures were optimized and cost levels were relatively stable. 1 Cost side, with 23.91 per cent growth compared to the income charged, and 23.81 per cent higher compared to the growth recorded, slightly slower than the growth recorded.) As a result, financial costs fell by 45.54 per cent (as a result of higher exchange rate gains and lower interest on borrowing).3 Māori side,
The Māori rate of the main product is generally stable. The Māori rate for connectors is 37.07 per cent, a decline of 0.22 per cent over the same period; the optical devices and PV market benefits Aeronautics, Space Development Corporation (AXC) access technology, transmission signal-type technology, PV conversion technology, etc. are in the lead domestically.
In the field of aviation, the “wing dragons” (first fly, 27 February 17): provide them with high-reliable connections First fly in the year: transport - 20 (6 July 16): provide reliable connectivity guarantees for their successful development and production.
The space field is accompanied by major projects. Long March XI rockets: provide them with neural network units, long-range light-end machines, etc. (010) 85127532
Products. Long March Five: Provides 60% or more of the connectors, and emergency light engines successfully solve the long-range control problems of rocket launch. The State of Sage XI: Provides more than 10 sets of ymc-series connectors. As our space engineering continues, nearly 30 space launches were launched in 2017, opening up opportunities for company space products.
New energy cars continue to be opened in the public goods market: on the client side, the main customers of the company’s new energy automobile products are well-known automobile companies in Biadi, Woo-tung, and China-Tung, and the surrogate investigation does not have a significant impact on the order.
The total cable-industrialization project has been completed, reaching a pre-defined state of serviceability, and the capacity of new energy packages is expected to increase. In 2016, new energy vehicles produced 517,000 vehicles and sold 507,000, an increase of 51.7% and 53%, respectively, respectively, and the new energy automobile industry is growing rapidly, and companies are expected to benefit from new energy operations.
Orbital transport: In close cooperation with the country’s geotechnical manufacturers and associated accompaniors, the PV product has become a whole industry chain, and railway signalling systems account for 70 per cent of the country’s market share. In 43 cities, plans for orbital transport construction have been approved, with a total mileage of about 4,600 kilometres planned, and rail transfer will peak.
Consumer-type electronics: The establishment of China-China Precision Support Corporation has opened new markets and increased industry influence in the wider field of consumer-type electronics such as liquid crystal panels, computers and their peripheral equipment, mobile phone terminals, etc.
Joint development of consumer-type connectors successfully applied to smart phones for bulk ordering. Scale up, new energy vehicle operations or power generation Industrialization projects: planning and implementation of major business growth projects, such as the Medical Connector Project, and continuous promotion of aircraft integration
Industrialization, such as installation of shelves; new acquisition of 114 acres of land in the new district of Loyanglong, planning for the construction of a new technology industry base project, and industrialization of new products such as new energy sources, photovoltaic equipment, liquid cooling, etc.
In 2014, the company established a strategic supply relationship with the world ' s largest connector, Teko Electronic, to upgrade the company ' s overseas collaborative processes and technology, following which it continued to promote the development of international marketing channels, convening the first global agency conference, leading to a new breakthrough in the international market; and successfully entering the leading international global supplier in the field of communications, the European electric car market
The Board considered the adoption of a German branch to provide services such as market development, R & D support, logistics organization, after-sales, etc. in the European region. > Implementation of restrictive stock incentive schemes
At the beginning of the year, the company introduced the Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme (phase I) to motivate core staff to work. A limited stock of 60.10 million shares at a price of $28.19 per share was awarded to 266 incentive recipients (scope: middle and senior managers and core cadres). Restricted stocks were unlocked in three phases, with a net asset rate of return and annual operating income compounding.
Growth rates, operating profit margins as a condition for performance appraisal.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Photovoltaic development in the civil and military fields, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Military goods are growing at a slower rate than expected; international operations are expanding at lower rates than expected; new operations are expanding at lower levels than expected; and the industry, such as machinery, joined in 2012 with civil securities. Chenlong, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctorate in Military Studies, Military Organization of the Military Academy of Sciences, Master of Military Communication, University of Defence Science and Technology, 14 years in military service, former platoon leader, company
Li Jianwei, Research Assistant, Master of Insurance, Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Chinese University of Technology, July 2016, Allies Democratic Securities, author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,