Incidents: China PV recently released its annual report for 2016, with the company achieving operating income of $5.85 billion in 2016, an increase of 23.91 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to the parent company; rapid growth in sales revenue from China PV (002179.sz) and rising levels of profitability. In 2016, China PV achieved operating income of $5.85 billion, an increase of 23.91 per cent over the same period: realization of parent ownership.
The net profits of the company were 734 million yuan, an increase of 29.10 per cent over the same period. By sub-product, the connectionr business achieved revenues of 3,674 million yuan, an increase of 20.42 per cent over the same year; the optical and photovoltaic services generated revenues of 1,108 million yuan, an increase of 21.20 per cent over the same year; the cable components and integrated products generated revenues of 966 million yuan, an increase of 42.25 per cent over the same period. It is noteworthy that the company sold 33.75 per cent of the gross gross domestic product, an increase of 7 years in succession; and the net interest rate of 13.26 per cent, a growth rate of 4 years.
During the reporting period, the company’s line research and development achieved significant results: the “56gbps high-speed connector project”
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Jiang Soongjing to invest $50 million ($25 million from China).
New companies, expanding the company ' s liquid-cold-connected system operations, which helped to upgrade the company ' s core capabilities for interconnectivity operations by providing users with more optimized fluid interconnection solutions in areas such as defence, new energy vehicles, High Performance Growth, Business Growth Successful 2016.08.29 Power equipment, and further enhancing the company ' s integrated competitiveness.
Performance Growth Over Expectations 2016.04.01 Business Extension, which is expected to drive companies to build new levels of interconnectivity, and to continue to increase their profitability. Equity incentives are implemented, and employees and companies develop together.
For the company’s high-school managers, core technicians, and core managers and cadres, 26.6 million restricted shares, awarded at a price of $28.19 per share, using compound acceleration, compound profit growth, and net asset returns over the next three years as the core indicator for unlocking conditions. We believe that this equity incentive is wide enough to provide sufficient incentives for the company’s core cadres to achieve interest binding, and also to highlight the firm’s staff’s good faith in the future development of China’s PV.
Profit projection and rating: we expect net return profits from PV in mid-2019 to be 895 million yuan, 1.160 billion yuan and 1,441 million yuan, respectively, corresponding to \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc.
Risk factors: Increases in raw materials or human costs may reduce the Māori rate of products: companies are not expanding to higher-end interconnection areas as expected. \triangleright cindseguritiesco., Ltd.
In July 2016, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the mechanical-military industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.