Peace in China (601318.sh) is one of the most comprehensive and wide-ranging financial groups in the country.
The Department was established in 1988 as the country's first equity insurance company. Since its establishment, the company has gradually expanded its operations into areas such as maternity, life insurance, securities, trust, banking, management, science and technology, and health care.
The model s0980523060004 is ranked first on the market, with a strong combination of security risks: branding advantages and building channels to strengthen corporate wealth management advantages.
A combination of financial ecology, company-farming value-based insurance products, company branding and value effects are evident. On agent channels, high-quality, high-income, high-retention agent channels are developing.
As a result of this exclusive agency, insurance profits have been retained within the group, with a large retail group of banks, a wide network of customers, and a strong support for the sale of safe products.
First, the scale of safe production operations and market share are at the top two. Over the years, companies have built on competitive advantages and economies of scale from their own stocks to achieve a better pace of business growth, with a growth rate of 5.3 per cent on average over the past five years in the area of safe production and deep-cultivation technology and systems development.
It's a central digital operating platform, enabling multiple lines of insurance, services, compensation, etc., and creating competitive advantages for companies to differ.
The model maintained a robust growth and stable investment structure. As of 30 June 2024, the size of the insurance portfolio was over $5.20 trillion, an increase of 10.2 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
The overall level of risk is manageable in the context of the company’s investment strategy in the corresponding areas. Profit forecasting and valuation: China is firmly committed to the strategic layout of “Integrated Financial + Medical Pensions.”
We expect companies to have sustained shocks between 2024 and 2026; the risk of rising end-of-debt costs due to channel costs; tighter regulation; and so forth.
The company was founded in 1988 at the Shenzhen Snake Gate, as the country’s first equity venture. Since its establishment, the company has been in the first phase of the decade.
Extending operations to areas such as maternity, life insurance, securities, trusts, banks, management, science and technology and health care, and gradually developing and improving the operational framework “Integrated finance plus medical old-age plus technological innovation.” 1988-1997: sales-driven, building institutional mechanisms and exploring modern insurance.
In 1994, the country’s first life-risk marketing program was born alive, followed by the first generation of managers of the mainland’s life-risk business, the first group of personal-life insurance operators, and the first group of marketing supervisors. The organizational structure of the various professional companies, such as safety, life-risk, securities, trusts, etc., was gradually developed and improved.
1998-2007: Service-driven, focused on insurance operations, and exploring integrated finance. In 1998, four major professional companies were given production, life, certification, and organizational reforms to move forward with the restructuring of the system-wide organizational structure.
In October 2008, the former Peace Groupit sector was transformed into safe technology, after which the Peace Group began to explore finance and technology.
In 2011, the company became a controlling shareholder in the Shenzhen Development Bank, and in 2013 it completed the consolidation of banks, advanced development and improved banking systems.
In 2021, the Chinese version of the “managed medical treatment model” was explored, and “financial + old-age” and “financial + health” industrial ecology was continuously distributed. In 2022, the New Deal Group, through its health assets, further developed the “medical +” service system.
Throughout the year, 466.5 billion yuan was earned on the life insurance premium, second in the industry, and $302.2 billion on the safe birth insurance premium, second in the industry. In addition, banks, securities, trusts, and financial management are among the top in the industry.
Life risk is at the core of the group’s activities, and the bank’s importance is growing. Life and health insurance are the profits of the mother’s operations.
In 2023, the share of the profits of the operations of the parent group rose from year to year: life insurance and health, China Peace Group as a whole was on the market in a+h, and a/h equity share was 59.1 per cent.40.9 per cent of the company ' s shareholders ' background.
The top ten shareholders, after excluding the Hong Kong Central Settlement (the agent) and Hong Kong Central Settlement, have a combined share of 16.76% and are more decentralized.
For Shenzhen City Investment Holdings Ltd. and the Deep Industries Group, both affiliated to the Shenzhen City State Finance Committee, the shares are 6.71 per cent; 3) the offshore capital is the Bee Group, and the indirect share is 5.71 per cent.
Corporate governance: The decentralized equity structure is conducive to strategic management implementation. Founder Maminghal, though no longer in charge of corporate strategy, talent, culture, and critical matters, is still primarily responsible for central leadership.
Business lines, professional and experienced. In the areas of corporate investment, human resources, finance, risk management, and marketing, there are only safe leaders who are well prepared and experienced in their careers.
Our insurance company's premium income has been rising since the bottom of the 2021 expedition. In August 2024, our insurance company achieved a premium of $4.38 trillion, the same as + 13.0%.
The rate of premiums for personal insurance has risen from 74.0% in 2021 to 78.0% in August 2024. Further splits have resulted in life insurance premiums for life in personal insurance compared to the main forces that increased their premiums in 2021.
Figure 5: Personal and property insurance coverage and personal insurance coverage (in billions of yuan)
Clients whose lives represent savings insurance products often have the means to look at insurance from the point of view of asset allocation.
Accumulation. There are more rigid expenditures in life, such as mortgages, car loans, children's education, wealth planning, taking into account the security and stability of cash flows, and better if the higher returns are taken into account, investment needs correspond to the characteristics of the savings and risk products; and, secondly, clients over 50 years of age have reached higher levels of wealth accumulation and risk preferences.
With the age limit of coverage, and based on population data published and projected by the United Nations population pyramid, the trend in the proportion of people aged 35-59 and 50-59 in the country has been sorted out.
In addition to objective factors such as demographic trends, residents’ subjective willingness to allocate life insurance products has also increased. According to the 2023 China Private Wealth Report, published in a joint Banco-Bern consultation, the total amount of personal assets that can be invested in China was 2.78 million by the end of 2022.
In the next two years, investors are looking at personal risk products for fear of economic volatility. Industry patterns: small and medium risk companies are lacking competitiveness, and industry concentration is increasing.
As of August 2024, life insurance had reached 37.2%, life security had declined significantly since 2022, and life security had remained stable. Life insurance had increased to 76.2%, and security and safety had been assured.
Production and export insurance have increased to varying degrees in recent years. The decline in concentration in the life insurance sector has been due to two factors: the higher number of insurance institutions previously expanded, and the more aggressive pricing of small and medium-sized insurance companies, thereby diverting premiums from large life insurance companies.
In addition to the increase in the number of institutions, the number of institutions and the number of branches of companies has increased significantly, resulting in a significant increase in the ability of the various types of insurance companies to reach their clients.
Since 2019, the total number of insurance institutions has largely ceased to grow, and the impact of the expansion of the number of institutions on the pattern of competition in the industry has diminished. With respect to product competition, since 2020, small and medium-sized insurance companies have achieved higher yields and become more attractive to their customers.
By comparing the increase in life-long life insurance that was previously sold hot, we can see that the main product of the MSMEs is not only faster but higher ceilings, but also more aggressive product pricing. For example, some of the products may now be off the shelf, but only for comparative use here.
Looking to the future, we believe that small and medium-sized insurance companies will be less competitive and more industrially concentrated.
From this perspective, the purchase of products from large insurance companies is shifted; and secondly, article 10 of the insurance system focuses on the strict application of entry controls, enhanced regulation of capital linkages, sound market exit mechanisms, improved product pricing accuracy, possible future reductions in the number of insurance institutions, and restrictions on the aggressive pricing of products.
Some MSMEs have suspended the disclosure of their solvency adequacy rates, and inadequate solvency limits their operations. By regulatory standards, solvency-achieving companies are expected to meet: the core solvency adequacy rate is not less than 50 per cent and the combined solvency rate is not less than 100 per cent. The core solvency rate is less than 60 per cent or the combined solvency is sufficient.
Regulation can be limited to insurance companies for reasons of reduced solvency, for example by ordering the suspension of some or all of the new operations, by ordering the restructuring of operations, and by limiting the scope of operations.
The key provisions of the 10 articles of the insurance system are expected to promote greater concentration in the industry. First, to tighten access. First, to approve new insurance institutions, and second, to promote reduced quality.
Debt-cost adjustment mechanisms that ignore the decline in asset-end earnings and the strategy of attracting customers with high yield products are not regulatoryly oriented and will be limited in the future. Third, sound market exit mechanisms. Insurance institutions with high risk, lack of business continuity, financial licensing and liquidation, insurance institutions' future.
There is a clear trend towards a reduction in the number of cases. The central idea of the 10 articles of the insurance system is to insist that the insurance sector is weak and weak, and that concentration in the insurance sector is expected to increase gradually from the point of view of strict regulation and risk control.
New business in life insurance: contribution to the growth of the ev has increased the nbv growth rate and the ability to boost the growth of the ev. Since 2023, the life and health insurance operations have been warming rapidly, with a 36.2 per cent increase in the year 2023, with a total Nbv of $39,262 million and a 36.2 per cent increase in the previous three quarters of 2024.
The contribution of nbv to the growth of the ev, which was $35.160 billion, was 34.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2022 and only 3.8 per cent at the beginning of that year, and in subsequent years, the share of nbv to the beginning of the period rose gradually to 6.3 per cent, and the continued positive development of nbv was significant for the steady growth of the ev.
Figure 15: Scale and trends of changes in life and health risks nbv (in billions of yuan) Figure 16: Dynamics of the projected return on intrinsic value growth Figure 17: Dynamics of intrinsic value growth in nbv
On the one hand, since 2022, there has been a wave of growth opportunities at the industry level, with life insurance rising in terms of asset allocation for the population, and a rapid increase in insurance premiums for the life insurance sector. Peace is based on brand power, human quality enhancement, and a large range of channels to share this increase.
The increase is most pronounced. On the other hand, the improvement in product structure has led to an increase in the value ratio. Figure 19: Trends in life and health insurance nbvm: Trends in trends in life insurance and health insurance. Figure 18: New single size and rate of increase in life and health insurance (in billions of yuan)
Since 2021, the agent channel Nbv has accounted for more than 80% and the silver channel has risen from 5% to about 12%. The insurance channel is more focused on products with asset allocation functions, which is more consistent with recent trends in the insurance sector.
Deepening cooperation with the Bank for Peace, especially the Safe Life Insurance and Safe Bank's exclusive agent model, and helping the Bank for Peace to build a new team of brilliant silver insurance players, whose size has expanded faster. There has also been a significant increase in the contribution of the silver insurance channel.
The silver insurance channel nbvm is largely on the rise each year. Figure 21: Ratio of new policy premiums to life insurance - by channel Figure 22: Trends in life insurance nbvm - by channel
Life insurance channels: agent quality improves, silver insurance layout continues to deepen, agent numbers decrease, income rises, retention rates rises over time. From a quantitative point of view, agent rates of decline continue to slow down, attributable to agent income and quality improvements, agent perceptions of income and career acquisition.
By the end of 2024h1, 308,000 agents of the Peace Group, 13.5 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year, the size of the group had increased significantly, and the income of agents of the Peace Group and agents of the Life Insurance Group had increased significantly, with an average monthly income of $1162 for agents of the 2024h1 Group and an average monthly income of $9608 for agents of the Life Insurance Group, which was about two times higher than in 2021.
The agent's quality has improved and performance has improved. After several years of bruising, the retained agent's ability to perform has increased considerably. 2024h1 per capita Nbv is $1174,000, about three times as much as in 2021. The agent's activity rate has increased from 2021 to 2021. The rising per capita activity rate of nbv and agent will also promote the agent's activities.
Figure 25: Nbv per capita (in yuan/person) for life insurance agents, Figure 26: Activity rate of Peace Group agents (in %) Life insurance products: low interest rates, one of the “barrel stones” in the netting era
Safe-scale premiums show a gradual increase in the status of life insurance in the population’s wealth allocation. We treat the insurance policies of red, million, traditional life, annuities, and co-insurance as asset-related policies, which residents purchase primarily on the basis of asset allocation needs, long-term health insurance, accident and short-term health insurance as security-related policies,
Since 2020, the asset allocation function of life insurance has become more important, and the corresponding premium ratio has gradually increased. As mentioned in the industry analysis, changes in the demographic structure of the country and the growth of the wealth of the population continue to be the basis for faster savings insurance.
In this context, we believe that there is an advantage in the use of life insurance products for asset allocation to clients, as shown by: first, the strength of brands; first, the higher value of safe brands and their trust in clients; and secondly, the increased regulation of the insurance industry, the reduction in the issuance of high-yield insurance products for small and medium-sized enterprises and the warning of the solvency of some small and medium-sized insurance companies.
Clients will consider product returns and product safety in combination, and large insurance companies, represented by peace, will be expected to face a reversal in the trend of fee-splitting. Second, channels are well established. First, agency channels, with high-quality, high-income, high-retention agents.
It's moving towards a cycle that provides agents with good professional skills and high-quality customer resources with a view to changing the landscape of the insurance industry from product marketing to asset allocation. Second, silver insurance channels, life insurance and safety. Bank sole agent relationships allow insurance profits to be retained more within the group, and banks have a large retail client base.
The advantage of safety will continue to be fully realized in the shift to a risk-sharing scheme. The risk-sharing policy is characterized by a “lowly protected + high float” that reduces the cost of cash payments by sharing investment risks with the insured.
With historical experience in developing risk-sharing and all-embracing operations, the ratio of risk-sharing to insurance coverage has been as high as 80% at one time. Good agents, a wide range of clients, and powerful brands can still make life-threatening progress.
As one of the “old three” countries in our property insurance industry, the size and market share of the safe production insurance industry are at the top of the list. Over the years, the safe production insurance has been based on the competitive advantages of its own stock and on the effects of its scale, resulting in a better growth of its operations, with an average increase of 5.3 per cent over the past five years.
Revenues of $313.446 billion, a 6.5 per cent increase, rank second in the industry; in the case of car insurance and non-car insurance operations, respectively, the profits of safe production insurance operations have declined in recent years, including in the context of comprehensive changes in vehicle insurance, but the overall profit margin is sufficient and the combined cost is higher than the industry average.
A digital operating platform with a “safe owner” at its core, enabling multi-business elements such as insurance, services, settlement of claims, etc., effectively upgrades the client's vehicle insurance operations.
By the end of 2023, car insurance accounted for 66.8% of total insurance income, and was ranked first on the list. In the current context of the rapid rise of the industry’s new energy source of vehicle insurance, the company’s car insurance business continues to be stable.
(b) Safebirth insurance continues to strengthen the application of science and technology by creating a “coastal river” with online services at its core. “Peaceful owner” applies a one-stop service covering “car insurance, car service, car life”, in an ecological mode.
By the end of December 2023, the number of registered users of the "safe owner" had passed 200 million, the cumulative number of kidnapped vehicles had passed 136 million, and by digitalization, the good owner had acquired more precision and capabilities for the company's operations.
Insurance was transformed into a core service platform for individual car owners, with 40,49 million active users in the month of December. Since September 2020, when the former Silver Insurance Board issued its Guidance on Implementing Integrated Vehicle Insurance Reforms (SIG No. [2020] 41), the comprehensive industrial car insurance reform has been effective.
Qualitative objectives. As of 2 March 2022, the circular on reforms to save consumers spending more than 250 billion dollars on matters such as the range of autonomous pricing factors for industrial car insurance, has been extended from [0.65-1.35] to [0.5-1.5].
The first year of the comprehensive change in vehicle insurance was marked by a general reduction in the average premium. By the end of September 2021, the average premium paid by vehicles had been reduced to $2763, a 21 per cent reduction from the pre-reform rate. At the same time, the country-wide combined cost and processing rates of vehicle insurance had also shown a downward trend, with the combined cost of vehicle insurance falling to 27.8 per cent and vehicle insurance to 27.8 per cent.
The insurance rate fell to 8.4%, and the insurance rate fell by 13.5 and 7.2 percentage points, respectively. The insurance market was gradually entering its maturity phase, and the premium revenues were rising at a steady rate. The comprehensive reform of the insurance policy not only led to a reduction in premiums, but also contributed to the healthy development of the insurance market.
Between 2020 and 2021, due to double pressure from vehicle insurance reforms and low sales of new vehicles, the rate of increase in the total insurance premium has been slowing year after year. However, the premium revenue has since begun to rise, mainly due to the gradual erosion of the impact of the epidemic, the continuing deepening of the comprehensive vehicle insurance reform and the disruption of the vehicle insurance market.
At the same time, the increase in insurance premiums, such as triple insurance, and the steady increase in vehicle holdings together provide a solid support for the recovery of premium revenues. After more than three years of comprehensive reform, the downward pressure on premiums has gradually eased, market patterns have improved significantly, and markets are warming up.
Quality development is on track steadily, and intra-industry competition has gradually shifted from past fee competition to more non-car insurance operations: premium size is stable and coor continues to improve