The year-on-year performance has increased significantly, with the rise in the price of Western Coal (000983.sz), the central target for State-owned reforms, driving companies to increase their performance significantly. The company produced 2.428 million tons of raw coal in 16 years, a decrease of 3.6 million tons, a decrease of 12.91 per cent; and shampoo in 16 years.
Coal production was 11.16 million tons, a decrease of 1.74 million tons, a decrease of 13.49 per cent; coke production was 4.21 million tons, a decrease of 270,000 tons, a decrease of 6.03 per cent; total electricity generation, 126.33 billion degrees, an increase of 790 million degrees, an increase of 6.67 per cent; commercial coal sales, 23.16 million tons, a decrease of 1.67 million tons, a decrease of 6.61 per cent; and commodity coal, a reduction of 6.61 per cent.
The sale price was $407.29 per ton, an increase of $4.643 per ton, an increase of 12.87 per cent; the recovery of the price of merchandise coal in 2016, benefiting from supply-side reforms combined with the natural clean-up of coal production, resulted in an increase of $407.29 per ton per ton per ton per commodity, or $46.43 per ton per ton or 12.87 per cent per year, and the company ' s optimization of the product structure and strict control of the cost of production, resulting in a significant increase in performance.
The company's central goal is to benefit from the continuous fermentation of Shanxi State Enterprise reforms. Recently, with the deployment of the Shanxi Provincial Commission government, the Shanxi Coal Group has intensified its research on state enterprise reforms.
The scheme, based on resource asset capitalization, asset capitalization, securitization of capital, removal of the associated social burden, promotion of the overall listing of the coal industry, with the objective of doing good, efficiency, reform efforts, or supermarket expectations. The coal group is the largest coal-cooling enterprise in the country and the main supplier of the coal-cane market, a mega-energy group with over 100 million tons of coal production, with 22 sub-sub-companies such as Western Coal Power, Luangxi Mines, Hozhou Coal, Hua Jincao Coal, Shanxi, etc.
In a recent study by Shanxi, the leader visited Shanxi Province’s Xiaoqiao Group, where Wang Yi, Vice-Governor of Shanxi Province, recently took stock of the coal-fired incident of the Western Mountain Coal Power (000983), where the industrial chain was optimized to secure coal, said that the West Mountain Coal Power would be “the leader of the coal-reducing market throughout the country and around the world” and that the company was the central beneficiary of the coal state’s reform efforts.
Western Coal Power (000983) reported in 2014 that the company is a leading coal producer, with a clear resource advantage. Western Coal has high-quality primary coal, 1.12 billion tons of recoverable coal, and now has 30 million original coal production. Western Coal Power (000983) reported in 2013 that it is operational.
Tons, with a capacity of 3162,000 kilowatt-hours, with a capacity of 54.2 million tons of coke. The company’s shareholders are rich in coal groups, which are expected to invest more in the future. The coal groups have a capacity of 19 billion tons of coker, with a planned total capacity of 195 million tons/year, and design a capacity of 11.8 million tons of coke. They produce a full range of coal products, such as coal, compost, 1/3 of coal, thin coal, gas-coal, and poor coal, of which strong compost and coal are the world’s most scarce resources and are indispensable bone raw materials for large steel plant furnaces in 2015.
Cinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. has 100 million tons of raw coal per year, 45.89 million tons of coca refined, 9.6 million tons of coke, 110 million tons of commercial coal sold, and the supply of coal refined coal accounts for about the total Chinese market.
As the only coal company in the group, Xishan Coal Power, the group and its coal business are on the market as a whole, insisting on coal-based, circular and diversified development, and continuing to optimize the structure of the industry.
The company took full advantage of the size of the “coal-electric-wood, coal-coal-corro-chemical” chain and increased its resilience to the risks. In the electricity sector, the company made full use of policies such as the Cycloping Pilot Zone in Shanxi Province and the State to encourage the integrated development of the coal-power industry.
With the support of the two industrial chains of “coal-electric-wood, coal-coal-coal-corrosing,” companies have to some extent resisted the risks posed by the downside of the coal-carbon industry, and largely maintained stability in their production operations. Equity-catalyzing factors: higher economic growth than expected; higher expectations for supply-side reforms in the coal sector; and higher expectations for the reform process of corporate companies.
\triangleright Carbon and Gas Industrial Chains, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light vehicle quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions. Dr. Ming Wing, China University of Mines (Beijing), Senior Engineer, Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), in coal and energy-related fields
In June 2016, I joined the Sino-Physics Institute of Beijing, where I joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in July 2016 to conduct research in the energy industry. Sinda Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Susa Securities”) has the qualifications of a certified securities investment consultancy by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.