This is our vision and prediction of the real estate industry a quarter ago.
Many times, cheap things are in front of us, but we often turn a blind eye. Assuming that there is a virtual company, with 34 billion dollars in cash a year, 6 billion in capital spending, and 240 billion in shareholder equity, is now valued at 340 billion.
Assuming that the other elements remain unchanged, that is, an estimate -- even with zero performance growth -- would be worth the valuation as long as the company was able to operate for five years and then liquidated with net assets. If a rich man had enough money to buy 100% of the company’s equity, if it was going to run for five years, then each would be worth it.
A year's profits will be his excess return. This calculation process, which is simply a “liquidation method”, is not very complicated. Valuations are sometimes not so complicated, but just common sense. Even if you're pessimistic about the real estate industry, I'm afraid.
Count well whether this “value difference” is reasonable. Reason is only late, but never absent, except that at the darkest moment before it arrives, no one will believe it. In the evening of August 20th, this case, a new semi-annual report - based on the semi-annual report 2019, the first half of the year's operating income.
It is 13,320 million yuan, an increase of 31.47 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit from maternity is 11,842 million yuan, an increase of 29.79 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the cash flow from operating activities is $8,853 million, an increase of 308.06 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
And because it's too big, a slight change in the assumptions will have a huge impact on modelling results. Real estate, one of the country's current hard assets, has created more than 500 companies in the world.
In this case, as its leader, sales in 2004 amounted to less than $10 billion, and by 2018, they were one, and it was the real estate giant: Huanko. In addition to the alarming growth, the characteristics of the cycle of real estate development are very clear.
In the industry, the growth rate remained robust: the difference between the 2009 and 2018 sales of Huanko was 0.03 per cent, compared with the two other giants, Bézione Garden, with a consistent increase of 0.21 per cent and 1.4 per cent respectively. Life fell by 0.26 per cent and 0.18 per cent, respectively, and the Huaan Fund built 0.08 per cent to become the tenth largest agency.
Shareholders, under the influence of the Huaanan Fund, the Eastern Securities Asset Management Company was pushed out of the top 10 stockholders list, but this report will update its financial model with an extra form based on the new semi-annual report and comb the semi-annual report. In terms of the quality of growth, and despite the concern about survival, Vanko's operating income has remained high, although, in the case of the new semi-annual report, it will continue to grow at a high rate.
Both core data have declined in terms of the speed at which they were taken and the area at which they were sold. In the next few quarters, attention will need to be paid to the impact of the decline on the area at a later stage of construction and sales.
Revenues (90.945 billion yuan) were higher than the first quarter (48.375 billion yuan) and were consistent with the historical pattern of Vanko (in terms of historical data, the second quarter was higher than the first quarter).
The proportion of the economy is more than 95%, the proportion of the estate sector is 3.79%, an increase of 27.05% in the same year, and the share of the rest of the business is, if you summarize this semi-annual report in one sentence, it should be -- pre-takes are carried out at a much faster rate than expected, leading to a significant increase in performance. After a huge increase in performance, core data such as land grabs, new start-ups, etc., are slowing down.
According to the slowdown, it will not necessarily slow future growth, as its land reserves are sufficient to sustain future growth – currently, at 110 million square metres of land reserves – and to sustain growth over the next two to three years. Overall, despite concerns about “surviving” and slowing growth in the industry, the pre-collection reserves of Vanko are taken into account.
For the next one to three years, growth is still more certain. And as for cities with a slower rate of “urbanization” now, before the financial model is updated after the semi-annual publication of the data, we have to think about a few questions: (a) the semi-annual report of 10,000 discotheques, and what are the factors to be analysed?
(2) How does the new semi-annual performance in 2019 differ from previous estimates?
Today, we look at the real estate cycle and the business modelling logic, using Vanko as an example. For the relevant industrial chain, we studied from a roe perspective the inclusion of Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, and ancient properties, the purchase of a professional version of the valuation report on eugenics, a review of the reports, and some of the key financial modelling forms for Excel, and an in-depth reflection on industrial logic.
According to the semi-annual report of 2019, which deals with the portion of the valuation assumptions that we need to update, there are the following: 1) the rate of revenue increase - according to the Central Report of Huanko, operating income increased by 31 per cent on a year-on-year basis, exceeding our expectations, but taking into account that revenue recognition is a lagging indicator for real estate accounts, we need to focus more on the other.
Two figures: first, land area, 33 per cent lower than the same period in the first half of the year; second, area of sales, a decline in speed (10 per cent) and large sales and a projected long duration (10 years), the optimism of the Māori rate could lead to an over-optimal overall valuation, but since we will have more to do with the increase in fixed assets at the end of the forecast period, considering that later fixed assets will increase beyond the end of 2018 and start fixed.
The asset base is large, leading to a certain decline in the start/fixed asset ratio, and here we adjust this assumption downwards to 5) other assumptions - cost rates, operating capital assumptions, liability assumptions - remain unchanged.
The data compare carefully and feel in depth -- according to the new semi-annual report, what minor changes have occurred to the fundamentals, how will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
Vanko, listed in 1991, has no controlling shareholders and no real controlling person. The major shareholder is Shenzhen subway, with a 29.38% share, and Hong Kong Treasury and Central Money Management Limited is among its top 10 shareholders.
Shareholders, under the influence of the Huaan Fund, Eastern Securities Asset Management Company was pushed out of the top 10 stockholders list, but it was: mid-2019, the company with shares in Shenzhen City Metro Group Ltd.
Here, we look back on its recent three-year performance -- from 2016 to the second quarter of 2019, its main business income, in this case, is real estate development and real estate services. Real estate accounts for more than 95% of total income, and property accounts for 3.29% of the year. Unlike many real estate companies, its property plates are not removed from the market.
Upstream — including buildings, building materials, steel, machinery, such as Chinese buildings — the Māori rate is around 11 per cent, the São Paulo stock downstream — including home-based electricity companies, such as American groups — the Māori rate is around 27 per cent; and the U.S. households – the Māori rate is around 27 per cent.
Specifically, in the present case, the upstream supplier of materials and equipment, the top five accounting for 2 per cent of the year ' s purchases, and the lower tourist head of household, who is the individual home purchaser, the top five accounts for 0.7 per cent of the year ' s operating income, which, overall, is a low up/downstream concentration.
2.6% net profit is 16.55%. So much of this business is spent on costs, and then we look at a basic set of data: In the financial modelling of this case, we need to address two core issues: 1) the driving force of real estate business, exactly.
How do you predict?) What's the difference between Vanko focusing on second-line urban real estate and real estate companies in other three- or four-line cities?
Core drivers. Let's look at the historical growth in the sales of Vanco and the area of new construction in real estate, as well as the increase in the average sale price of goods.
So, in making the valuation model, there must be an overall judgment of the real estate cycle -- but here's the question: where should the research cycle start? Considering that the real estate cycle spans decades, it's clearly not enough to look at our historical data alone, so we search.
In previous modelling reports on Xiamen State Trade, we had cited the thinking of Mr. Van Cotam Wahjie, who looked at history and found that most economies were going through a period of rising real estate prices, and the logic behind it was the economy.
Growth has led to a rapid rise in per capita income, a rapid increase in the rate of urbanization, and the concentration of the rural population into cities, thus releasing demand for housing, driving prices and volume increases. Such increases can be found in the history of us and Japan.
Let's start with us — after World War II (1945), the growth of the usa economy and the rapid rate of urbanization. There is a need for release, a rapid increase in the number of new homes, less than half a million before World War II, a sharp rise in the number of homes after World War II, and nearly two million by 1950.
Similarly, Japan experienced rapid economic growth after World War II, with a combined increase of 9.9% in the year 1960-1973 and a rapid increase in urbanization, reaching 74% in 1973. At this stage, the number of new home starters also rose sharply, with the number of new starters rising rapidly from less than 300,000 in the 1950s.
In 1973, 1.76 million units were installed. The price has also been rising at this time, and the same period of massive release of this demand has also existed in comparison with the country — the rapid development of the real estate market, the opening of new areas, the introduction of housing reform measures in 1998, the announcement of full monetization of the housing allocation and the cessation of the physical allocation of housing.
It is clear that, historically, our real-estate markets are similar to those ofusa, Japan, and are in such a cycle, and that the map of the large cycle is roughly the following. And the driving force of the real-estate business in this case depends on where we are in the big cycle – and the important question next is: how do we position the cycle?
With regard to the positioning of the large cycle, we look at the economic logic and the management of the leading real estate enterprise, first of all, at the industrial logic -- for the end of the large cycle, according to Mr. Vankotam Wahjie, the end of each major economic cycle usually occurs when the urbanization is almost complete, and the rate of urbanization at this point is usually the same.
75%. This data has been validated by the laws of several economies, and is therefore credible. Our rate of urbanization was 59.58% in 2018, which is still a certain distance from 75%, so we can judge that we are still far from the end of the larger cycle.
When the American group modeled it, it's not too much to say. And when the rate of urbanization peaks, the pace of economic growth slows down, the driving force on real estate slows down -- this turning point, which can be found in usa, in Japan, we're in the same situation.
1) Urbanisation rate - the economy ended its high growth period in 2014 with an upswing in growth rate, which peaked: in 2014, the number of people aged 15-64 years had levelled off and declined. 3) Investment in residential development increased - investment in residential development dropped from 19.4% to 9.2% in 2014 and new housing opened.
From the above data, 2014 is a key year for “a shift from rapid to slow growth.” Let's see if the management of the leading real estate business supports this view: 1) In the 2014 annual report, Heroin stated that the real estate market in 2014 presented new features of adjustment and transformation, as seen in the market.
According to the 2014 annual report, the real estate sector is moving from the golden age to the silver age, with prices rising unilaterally and industry as a whole growing at a high rate ending. 3) In the 2014 annual report, China reported that economic growth continued to slow in 2014 and the real estate sector moved into adjustment.
4) In the 2014 annual report, Paulie’s estates state that the overall size of the real estate market in 2014 showed a high drop in size, regulatory measures gradually faded, and the industry became a new norm of mature development. In summary, a medium- and long-term logic can largely lead to consensus: the real estate sector moved from the golden age to the silver age.
The pace of growth will slow down when we reach the stage of mature development. But, far from 75% to 80% of urbanisation, it's still far away.
The logic of demand changes when the larger cycle moves into high and slow growth, and the demand for housing from urbanization translates into the demand for housing from population movements. In the first half of the larger cycle, urbanization has led to a rural exodus to cities, in which one or two of the three-line cities
There is no obvious difference, but the rate of urbanization began to slow after the peak of the cycle, with population movements on the one-two-thirty line and in the cities below the other — the population of the second-line city continues to grow, while the population of the third-line city increases according to the view expressed by Dr. Ozawaping in the real estate cycle: the reason for this migration trend is that
The income gap between regions can be illustrated by the regional economy’s share of the country/population’s share of the country. If this ratio is close to one, it means that the region’s per capita income is equal to that of the country’s per capita income, whereas if it is greater than one, it means that the region’s per capita income is higher than the national average, and the ratio is greater than one, and it attracts population inequality.
This has happened in the history of Japan: from the post-war to the 1970s, the number and proportion of people in the major urban circles have increased. Moreover, the price index data for 70 large and medium-sized cities in the country can also be seen.[1]
The same logic, let's look at the data: in the second half of the larger cycle, there is a split between the second-line cities and the third-line cities, so that the price of the second-line cities is higher than the third-line cities. And that certainty is also attractive.
In fact, in the first half of 2019, real estate developers increased their land reserves in three or four cities by nearly 8 percentage points (compared to the entire year 2018), while in the second-line cities, new land reserves were added.
By comparison, it rose by almost 10 percentage points (compared to the whole of 2018). But seeing here, perhaps you have a question, why did second-line urban prices show a downward trend starting in mid-2017, while third-line city prices remained in the upper zone?
Answer: This relates to a three-to-four-line urban shed. In order to promote stock-taking in three-to-four cities, the first-line rate in three-to-four cities is only 20 per cent, while the first-line rate in two-line cities is 30 per cent. Moreover, in the context of the conversion, shantytown residents can use compensatory money to buy their houses.
But it is important to note that the down payment rate on the three or four lines, though low, is still high compared to the international level. According to Imf, the down payment rate in advanced economies is below 10%, as in the case of usa, the United Kingdom, France, Austria, the Netherlands, etc., can be zero down payment; Germany, Singapore, Japan, etc., are now in the range of 20-30%.
At present, three or four lines are temporarily out of the cycle pattern, but in the medium and long term, one second-line growth is probably more certain than three or four. In this case, Vanko, the main market is the second-line city, so in the income component, we do not need to make any additional risk adjustments (if we model the Beguire Garden, we need to consider adjustments).
According to Vanko's semi-annual report of 2019, it remains at the heart of a second-line city, with 82% of the new projects in the second-line city by building area, an increase of 9.9 percentage points from that in 2018. When the two issues were resolved, we formally entered the key part of the modelling — the future income — what should we do?
Short-term increases, both in volume and price, are directly driven by small cycles (stock cycles). According to the figure below, there are a few points (1) where the length of a small cycle in the housing industry is around three years: 4) where there are price deviations from the short cycle of the current round:
In terms of price projections, we consider directly the upwards and downwards of price changes under the large cycle, given that the industry cycle has not ended during our forecast period, and considering the end of demand for second-line urban real estate, there are more population movements.
This is the logic that we used in the Xinmen Trade report to say that prices can win inflation but not gdp in the long run, compared to Chinese-American prices. Here, Merger and Purchasing assumes prices in two conservative, optimistic scenarios:
1) Conservative situation: First- and second-line price increases at cpi; 2) optimistic scenario: First- and second-line prices increase at gdp. Within conservative and optimistic scenarios, this is in line with our expectations of price increases, so that it is still modelled according to previous assumptions.
When the logic of price forecasting is resolved, let's predict the volume of sales – this case, the future volume of sales, how can we analyse it? On the volume side, real estate companies differ considerably from ordinary ones, and we need to re-collage the income formation process in the real estate industry, which is roughly the process of acquiring land — starting work — pre-sale — complete construction.
From this process, we can see that revenue projections have two key points: the number of sites that determine the size of new start-ups and later sales, usually ahead of new start-ups for six to nine months. But it is important to note that land acquisition is not the only factor that determines the size of new start-ups and sales, and that they are subject to corporate policy.
As well as the impact of downstream demand, such as cooperative development, which has become more common in recent years, the location situation also needs to be cross-referenced to industry-wide situations, but the level of territorial access is currently low across the industry. (2) The timing of the conversion of pre-collected accounts into business income.
In the new income recognition guidelines, income recognition is divided into two categories, that is, performance at a given point in time, that is, performance at a given point in time, that is, revenue at a given point in time, and that the latter can recognize income at that point in time, that is, progress in compliance, that is, at a given point in time.
In accordance with the new guidelines, a real estate company may make an income recognition in accordance with the performance of a performance business for a certain period of time, and in addition, even if the performance obligation is fulfilled at a certain point in time, there is room for early recognition of the income of Vanko:
According to Vanko ' s introduction to the income guidelines, the following conditions are to be met in determining income at a certain point in time in fulfilment of the performance obligation: contracts with the customer, payment arrangements for the initial payment of the customer and confirmation of the remaining housing balance, and the property has been accepted by the customer or is deemed accepted by the customer under the contract of sale (as of earlier date).
Reconciling space, therefore, our predictions of income received in advance are difficult to be accurate and need to be disclosed in the light of Vanko. Moreover, considering that such inaccuracies will increase as the forecast period is extended, and because of the size of the Vanko income, many projections are based on income projections, the model is less stable, i.e., if the assumptions are changed, they will have a significant impact on the sustainability of the period.
So, in order to reduce the uncertainty that we assume, here we reduce the projection period to three years. The revenue forecast in the model is: the sales area – the revenue received in advance.
First of all, we look at the area of sale. We compare Vanko ' s area of sales with the same rate of growth in the industry. 3) After 2010, Vanko ' s rate of growth has been relatively stable and not clearly cyclical; then it has been relatively smooth.
Prices, clearing large stocks, but other track companies failed to reduce them in a timely manner, resulting in a backlog of stocks. 2009 saw a significant increase in prices and sales as a result of currency liquidity flows to the real estate industry, where high-stocked real estate operators quickly cleared the backlog, while Huanko, as the leader of the company, was pre-positioned in 2008.
After this cycle, Huanko’s business strategy shifted from prejudicing to procyclical. In 2010, 10 articles were introduced, and the industry as a whole was in a rapid state of cold, falling from 44% in 2009 to 11%, compared to Huanko.
The growth rate in 2010 increased from 19 per cent in 2009 to 35 per cent, mainly in relation to the structure of its products, and the impact of the restrictions on purchases was evident mainly in improved demand as well as speculative demand, while Huanko began in 2008 with the construction of “required housing” as the principle of product restructuring, and completed the restructuring of the product structure in 2010 as a result of the restructuring of the product structure.
So, regulation in 2010 has had little effect on Vanko. In 2010, the sales of Vanko went up by $100 billion, and since then, it has been controlling the pace of scale and development.
From 2011 onwards, the increase in the area of sales in Huanko was more stable. Given that concentration in the real estate sector is still low, the market share of the real estate market in China was 12.6 per cent in 2018, while the market share was around 10 per cent when compared to the market in usa, where the industry was the leader.
And, considering that Vanko is able to sell land using models developed in cooperation with other companies, we do not distinguish here from scenarios where it is reasonable to assume that the volume of sales increased at a steady rate during the first three years of the projected period. As can be seen, Vanko’s sales increased at a lower rate than we had previously expected in 2019, and here's guess and Vankona.
With regard to the speed of the earth, in 2018, 10,000 colones fell by about 30 percentage points in comparison with 2017. According to the Banco semi-annual report of 2019, the amount of land taken in the first half of the year fell by 33 per cent compared to the same period in the first half of the year, with a further impact on the area sold in the latter part of the year.
Here, however, an important logic needs to be taken into account, noting that a reduction in land grabs does not necessarily lead to a decline in new construction and sales, as the current Vanko construction and planned building space (land reserve) is adequate, with a total area of about 110 million square metres, based on a market area of 4038 square metres in 2018, even if it is not.
So here we assume that this reduction has had some impact on the growth in the area of Vanco sales, but the overall impact is small. For 2019, according to our calculations above, 10%, and for 2020 and 2021, the increase in the area of sales.
To this end, the assumption of the area of sale has been studied, and the next step is to look at the collection in advance, bearing in mind that the reference to “pre-receipt payments” in this report has been combined and consists of “pre-receipt payments” and “contractual liabilities” at the end of the liability.
The proportion of the advance payments/sales remained at 80%. The ratio was calculated to be 82% in 2019, with little difference between our fakes, thus maintaining the previously projected level. The ratio of operating income to the advance payments, except in 2018, was lower than, according to the Banco semi-annual report of 2019, the increase in operating income in the first half of 2019 was about 32%, based on income in the first half of almost five years.
Share of total annual income (approximately 30 per cent), deriving operating income from 2019 and hence revenue from prior year ' s advance payments, and taking into account the slower pace of the 10,000 colones and slower growth in the area of sales in the two years following the forecast period, the rate of increase in the advance accounts decreased, but the rate of the transfer of revenues remained unchanged (normally, the time of commencement and completion would not be significantly longer), while the rate of collection/precedents would be maintained (normally, the time of commencement and completion would not be significantly longer)
So, in a conservative situation, real estate sales, pre-collected accounts, business income projections are as follows.
Property is another major business in Vanko, mainly through its subsidiary, Vanko. Let's look first at the two main categories of property business, one of which is traditional basic services, including security, cleaning, greening, maintenance.
The other category is value-added services, including value-added services for owners (housebrokers, electricity vendors, etc.) and value-added services for non-owners of real estate companies (consultant advisory services, etc.).
According to our property charge management measures, the pricing of basic services is mostly a regulatoryly limited price, and the rates are adjusted slowly, so that in terms of property income, it is difficult to increase and add to the income through price increases by relying only on the number of sub-areas covered, so that the business model of the property company is generally “basic property fee plus value-added service”.
This model is very similar to Shanghai Airport, which we studied earlier. Property companies serve as platforms to attract flows through the provision of basic services and then convert them into cash through the provision of value-added services.
Partners provide online flow platforms, thereby extracting part of their sales revenues as a reward. As the leader of the national property track, Huanko has also opened a community app “where to live.”
The projections for basic property services, considering that domestic tariffs are still more stringent, and that there is less likelihood of rapid increases in property costs, are conservatively assumed to be zero per cent higher in the future unit area. Let's focus on how volume (area) changes. Consider the market space in terms of volume and stock.
1. In the long term, the country is still in a large cycle of price increases, but at a rate of change; in the short term, the gap between the areas sold and completed in the country ' s merchandise houses has widened in recent years, representing an increase in the area to be completed at a later stage.
Property has been introduced, and Beijing has been piloting the remodelling and simultaneous introduction of property in old neighborhoods in 2013, with 10 new property companies in 2017, each located in 107 old neighborhoods. Thus, considering the large stock and volume available, we believe that the future domestic market space for real estate is vast.
In fact, according to the 2019 China Business Study on Property Services, the total size of basic property services could reach 90,544.8 million yuan by 2025, taking into account value-added services, the overall size could be reached here, where M & As took into account Vanko's leading position, and where the internal division of enterprises was significant (top 10 growth rates)
The compound growth rate increased by 30% over the year, and according to the Huanko semi-annual report of 2019, property management income grew by 27.05%, and we expected it to be close, and here it is at the level that was previously projected.
In addition to the real estate development and real estate operations studied above, Vanko is currently involved in rental of apartments, commercial properties, currents, ice and snow vacation services — so how are these “other operations” predicted?
According to the 2018 annual report, rental operations are another core business, in addition to residential development and property services. Since 2011, Huanko has included the Chief's rental apartment as a new business priority, and in 2016 has established a brand called “Dooring House”, whereby Huanko opened the Huan Village Plan in Shenzhen, charging rent for the remodelling of the city's central village.
Since the end of the year, there has been a rapid increase in the number of housing sources: there is a problem here, however, where the number of housing sources acquired is not equal to the number of rooms already in operation, the number of housing sources is increasing significantly, but the number of apartments opened in Vanko is growing slowly, and the gap between the two is widening, in August 2017.
In the month, Huanko expected to open 150,000 units in 2018, but according to the 2018 report, only 60,000 units were opened in 2018, far below expectations. In addition, Huanko’s “village plan” had been stranded by the end of 2018, with a total suspension of the expansion of the new housing stock and abandonment.
As can be seen, there are still some problems in promoting the development of long-rented apartments. According to the 2018 annual report, in 2019, the development of the rental business was directed at: “Improving the efficiency and quality of the operation of the acquired projects, and enhancing the influence of the Vanko rental home brand as a basic part of the rental of the residential business”.
Second, look at commercial property. Vanko has been in commercial real estate since 2010 and has been accelerating community commerce, life squares, cities since 2013.
The three types of commercial real estate products of the city complex (substantial commercial complex), which acquired the Indus Group in 2016, followed by the Indus Group as a platform for the development and operation of Vanko commercial property, and the acquisition of 20 Caedes shopping malls in 2018 by Huanco.
The direction of the Section with respect to commercial real estate is: “The continuous upgrading of the business performance of existing projects is fundamental to business operations, as is the case with leasing operations, and it does not seem to be intended to continue the expansion that preceded it.” Thirdly, look at logistics operations.
Following the official launch of the logistics brand “Manufacturing Logistics” in 2015, the installation of the logistics track was accelerated and, as of March 2019, Huanko had acquired a cumulative total of 124 projects.
However, considering that the development of logistics operations is largely supported by electric power providers, which are now slowing down, online operators are starting to build their own logistics depots, and some uncertainty is expected to remain in the later stages of logistics operations in the thousands. Similar to the two above-mentioned projects, the direction of logistics operations in Manko in 2019 was to “operate well with existing projects,”
Improving the layout is the basic part of logistics business.” On the whole, we can see that Huanko expanded rapidly in diversified operations by 2018, but since its inception in 2019, its main course of operation has shifted from expansion to focusing on existing projects.
In contrast to the management description of multi-purpose operations in 2018: these are currently developing “undesirable levels of development”, this may explain why, starting in 2019, there was a shift in the attitude of 10,000 units towards the development of multiple operations, which we were not able to predict one at a time, and other operations, since they were not separately disclosed.
The amount of income is very small, so we don't split it up here, we use the acceleration method to make simplified projections. Considering the uncertainty of the multidisciplinary operations of 10,000, and the fact that the latter will be more robust in their development, here we have a reasonable assumption that the growth rate of the other operations will remain constant at the average of nearly three years (13%) and that if we change in the future, we will be able to do so again.
According to Huanko's semi-annual report of 2019, the growth rate for other operations was 11.30 per cent, taking into account that Huanko maintained the principle of consolidating the base plate in those operations and that, historically, other operations were growing at a negative medium-term rate, but at a negative rate throughout the year, which was the same as previously projected.
In a conservative situation, total revenue projections are as follows. Here, income projections are complete, but if only one method is used to prejudge the acceleration, it is less referencing -- is the logic of the prejudicing sound? We have to cross-check with other different logical methods.
Method I: Intra-natural growth rate - expected growth rate using companies: Intra-natural growth rate = net asset return* (1-centre method III: Inversion of 2019 revenue growth through a historical relationship with annual reporting. In terms of historical fluctuations, the ratio of revenue received has been adjusted to the ratio of operating income to income received in advance.
The main reason here is that, in our income projections, considering that Vanko's pre-collected accounts (contractual liabilities) are too high and that they are generally transferred to income within one year, it is expected that there will be a more pronounced release of business income later in the year. From the figure below, the income from business for the last two years has actually been underestimated. (This suggests that there is still a lot of potential revenue.)
You can release it, the motive behind it, and we think it's probably for winter, pre-positioning it. Here's a point of study, and if you study in the field or attend a shareholder meeting, you can ask management questions.)\blacksquare
At this point, the income analysis is finally finished, but there are many other important things that need to be addressed – where will the income that goes into the accounts every year be spent? A little more money and less will significantly affect the valuation model.
From 2016 to 2018, the ratio of management fees (depreciated) to operating income was 2.78 per cent, 3.59 per cent and 3.73 per cent, respectively, which is not significant, assuming that the post-Hanko ratio was maintained in 2018 (3.73 per cent).
In contrast, the main reason for the adjustment is that the operating income from real estate development is mainly carried over from the advance receipts, reflecting the fact that it's not the first time that we've had a real estate development.
High rates reflect rising prices before the financial crisis, the decline in the Māori rate in 2009 and the impact of the 2008 financial crisis, while the sharp increase in the Māori rate in 2010 reflects price increases in 2009.
And the low Māori ratio of Vanko can be kept stable, and Māori Merchants consider it to be linked to Vanko’s land acquisition strategy. In 2007, under the influence of the cattle market, Vanko accelerated the land acquisition process and frequently took down several Landlords, and Huankopin 2007
The average floor price (ground price = total land price planned for construction) is $3580 per square metre, compared to only $1,800 per square metre in 2006. As land is an important part of real estate development costs, the price of land rises significantly, leading directly to higher costs and lower Māori rates.
From 2008 onwards, Vanko established three principles of non-business: no hoarding, no covering, no taking of kings. Now look back, this is a very robust and forward-looking business strategy that will ensure that the cost of land for Vanko does not rise significantly, and thus that the Māori rate does not fall significantly.
When this is clear, let's see how the Māori rate will change later. After the second half of the large cycle, and the long-term real estate efficiency mechanism currently in place is designed to prevent large price hikes and falls, so when projections are made, we don't go into detailed predictions of cycle Māori fluctuations, but we choose Māori rates when real estate increases are more stable.
— 29 per cent, as a projection over the projection period. Well, here we solve the problem of the Māori ratio forecast for real estate operations — but we have to split up the other business to see how the other business is doing.
The following graph shows that the Māori rate for the Vanko Realty business has been compared since 2009, and in order to improve the credibility of the assumptions, we will look at the Māori for the already marketed property companies: Māori for Vanko is lower than for the Bei Qui Garden service, and Māori for the colored life, mainly because Vanko's current property is still in use.
The provision of basic services is dominated, price increases are limited, and there is little chance of a significant increase in the Māori rate. Therefore, here we are reasonable and large, taking into account that property and other business revenues are small and have little overall impact. This assumes that the construction of future profit tables has been largely completed before it is maintained, leaving a few items of depreciation, amortization, and financial costs.
A depreciation amortization must first identify the question — how much Vanko will be spent on long-term assets in the future — where we will combine fixed assets, mainly hotels, houses and buildings, machinery and transport, electronics, etc., due to the small amount of fixed assets in Vanko, construction work in progress, etc.
In the first case, in 2018, for example, housing construction accounted for 84 per cent of the total fixed assets, machinery and transport for 6.4 per cent, and for a maximum depreciation period of 70 years, with an annual depreciation rate of more than 1.37 per cent, and machinery and transport equipment for the year of depreciation.
Since Huanko is not a heavy asset company and the share of fixed assets and construction work in progress is small, the Merger and Purchase (M&A) has used the annual share of capital expenditure as a percentage of income to simplify the calculation of annual additions to fixed assets during the forecast period.
However, taking into account the fact that the semi-annual reporting of capital expenditure as a percentage of income is higher than the full year, and that capital expenditure as a percentage of income is relatively small, the previous forecast level is maintained.
The estimated value of the fixed assets for each year of the forecast period is projected by the proportion of the initial fixed assets; according to the semi-annual report of Huanko in 2019, the depreciation was 3 per cent of the fixed assets at the beginning of the period, mainly as at the end of 2018
More relevant than previous increases, considering that later fixed assets would be added to the end of 2018, and that the base of the initial fixed assets would result in a certain decrease in the start/fixed asset ratio, so assuming later depreciation/fixing here, for example, we use conservative scenarios where fixed assets are projected to be as follows.
Depreciation amortization has been resolved, but a large other group of factors that affect value-bearing factors still needs to be analysed — what is the right to speak on the chain of production in this case? Is it another person’s money, or is it taken away? How much of the business’s value would be affected by such use?
The above figure contains a number of points that deserve our attention: 1) Until 2010, the ratio of net operating capital to operating income in Huanko remained at over 80 per cent. 2) The share of net operating capital to operating income in 2008 reached a high of 114 per cent. 3) From 2010 onwards, the share of net operating capital to operating income in business has gradually declined significantly.
And the year 2008 is also a very important one in our analysis of the growth in the area of sales and the rate of Maori. The 2008 financial crisis recast its business strategy, and Huanko confirmed that it was based on “building new-cost housing.”
The structure of the product, the affirmation of the principle of “three zeros” (no hoarding, no covering, no king of land), and the confirmation of another direction - rapid turnover (which is in fact related to the first two of the three non-principles). In this direction, it established a “5986 principle” to ensure that work begins five months after taking the land.
This principle affects two core subjects of the business capital of real-estate enterprises – pre-collected accounts, inventory. When we predict operating income, we already deal with pre-receipt payments, and here we focus on stock projections.
An analysis of the stock turnover rate of Vanko reveals two phenomena: 1) the stock turnover rate of Vanko had been declining until 2009, but after 2009 there was an upward trend, with a slight decline in the last two years. 2) The stock turnover rate of Vanko was at a low level in the industry.
The increase in the proposed development products (land) in annual inventories is related to the increase in the number of construction development products in 2018, where the Mergers and Purchasing Mergers take into account the rapid turnover principle of Vanko (accelerating inventory turnover) and the pace of her in these two years (slowing inventory turnover) and take the average inventory/business costs for nearly five years to add to the inventory during the forecast period
The forecast is maintained here. The main reason is that the average of nearly five years of inventory/business costs has slowed down, so no adjustment has been made here for the time being.
So far, the right to speak up and down the chain has been largely clarified – yet, for the real estate department, there is one more thing that we have to consider carefully: the huge debt, and how do we predict it?
The real estate company, on the face of it, has a high general asset-liability rate, such as the one in the case of Huanko, which in 2018 was 84.59%. Here, however, it needs to be noted that there is an extensive fallacy, for real-estate companies, if asset-liability is used.
It's obvious that you're wrong to judge a liability. Because real estate companies have a very high pre-receipt (contractual liability), which increases the overall asset-liability ratio. So here, either the interest-bearing liability rate or the net liability ratio is used as a judgment. First, look at the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities of Vanco to other companies in the same industry:
The above figure contains a few points that deserve our attention: 1) The interest-bearing liability rate in 2018 was around 20 per cent, although the asset-liability rate was as high as 85 per cent; 2) The interest-bearing debt ratio in the same industry is much lower than that of real estate providers such as Beguio Park, Huge and Crash;
The rate of interest-bearing liabilities has remained relatively stable since 2011 and the overall volatility is much lower than that of the other three companies, and it also affects the financing costs of the case, with long-term borrowing rates of around 6 per cent and debt payable rates of around 2 to 5 per cent, as disclosed in the Annual Report 2018.
But it is important to note here that we are not able to make projections based on interest-bearing debt ratios, because the molecules and denominators of interest-bearing debt ratios all include interest-bearing liabilities that need to be projected. The calculated interest-bearing liability ratios, as disclosed in the semi-annual report of 10,000 in 2019, have decreased slightly, but the overall change has not been significant.
In 2019, the interest-bearing liability rate was 17 per cent for a half-yearly period, while the interest-bearing liability rate remained at 19 per cent for the last three years. The net liability rate was larger.
As can be seen, the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities/stocks, though volatile as a whole, is fairly constant, and then we look at what the structure of interest-bearing liabilities has been in recent years: overall, the structure of interest-bearing liabilities (short debt, long debt, debt-paying bonds) remains stable.
The structure of the Section ' s interest-bearing liabilities remained unchanged in 2018, with short-term borrowing accounting for 36 per cent of the overall interest-bearing liabilities, long-term borrowing 46 per cent and debt payable 18 per cent. According to the semi-annual report of 2019, the ratio of short-term borrowing, long-term borrowing, debt payable and bonds was 31 per cent, 46 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively, mainly owing to the reduction in the proportion of short-term borrowings, taking into account history
So, for example, in a conservative situation, the M&A projection for the interest-bearing liability of Vanko is as follows. To study here, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When the assumption is done, the modelling is the water-to-water process. All of the above is for a table to measure the financial model.
How can this be done when the value of the case is modeled using Excel? above, the data have been studied in greater detail and the performance chain of the case has been restored: take the land — land reserves — new start-up areas — pre-sale — business income — profits.
However, there is still little certainty about the long-term sector after the study. Here, by comparing China, us, Japan, per capita land area, and per capita housing area, we look at the future direction of the real estate sector in the country: 1)us, with an area of 9.1474 million square kilometres, a population of 327 million, and a per capita area of 27973.7 square metres.
(b) Japan has a total area of 36.46 million square kilometres, with a population of 127 million, a per capita area of 2,871 square metres, and a per capita area of 33 square metres for urban housing:
3) China, with an area of 963,000 square kilometres, a population of 1,395 million square metres, a per capita area of 6903.23 square metres, and a per capita housing area of 23 square metres in urban areas; it is noted here that we use the per capita housing area, not the per capita housing area, which is the building area.
The area indicated on the certificate of birth, rather than the area actually available, is quoted from Dr. Zeping's “China Housing Stock Report 2019.” Here, we believe that there should be a basic correspondence between the size of the country per capita and the housing area per capita.
Yes. For example, our per capita size is higher than Japan, below us, in the middle, and the theoretical ceiling level of our housing development, at the level of land supply and resources, may not reach the level of usa, but at least it should exceed that of Japan. At present, our per capita housing use is only 23 square metres, well below the daily level.
In addition, according to the pattern of competition in the industry, for example, we have now crossed 75% of the nodes of urbanization, with the leading city of property accounting for 8%, compared to the country ' s currently only about 2.8% of the city of Huanco.
The above figures, in terms of ceilings and market rates, further confirm our earlier conclusion that, while the country’s premises and industry are moving into the second half of a large cycle, the space for development is still far away from the ceiling.
It's very important how the valuation model works, and before we do the modelling data, let's take a look at the basics of the case:
It's slow to enter the stage of maturing, but it's not really at the top. Second, there's still a huge gap between Japan, Japan, and Japan. Even in Japan, where life habits are more similar, there is still almost half of the room for growth. So, the concerns that are now circulating on the market, some of them.
3) In the process of moving closer to the top, or even down, city occupancy will gradually become a key factor — we take the case of pulte, one of the four big real estate firms, established in 1956 in Detroit, which, after a gradual slowdown in the real estate sector, has acquired a number of residential development companies through mergers and acquisitions, and has rapidly increased the rate.
The annual rate of urbanization has reached the ceiling, but the city’s share is still growing.
So, from 1992 to 2005, it was mainly through M&As. So, by contrast with the mature market leader, it became clear that the later stages of Vanco could increase through M&As. 4) In the context of the maze ofusa, the risk of this track, in terms of the economic cycle, and in terms of its own debt ratios.
So, look more into the low-debt-rate, robust poles of the giants. High leverage may expand very quickly in the short term, but the downside will also kill badly. So, based on all the above analysis, we go into the key part of this report – financial model construction, financial statements.
Equipping, cash flow forecasting, data modelling, and excel modelling tables, and detailed valuation modelling tables for selected priority companies, and requesting the purchase of panels or professional reports.
In the case of Yangtze electricity, Haikangway, and Heng Swe medicine, for example, the modeling section is as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood and the logic shut down. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not taken into account,
It is clear that there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What are the differences between the data zones that have been produced, and whether there are any points for reflection? Are there any differences between the big domestic and foreign companies?
2) Are the valuation ranges derived from the combination of relative valuation methods, absolute valuation methods, logical? Where are the differences? If sensitivity analyses are conducted, how much is the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation? 3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - the choice of different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a closed link to the logic of valuation modelling? 4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people are likely to be nervous and sleepless -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it is expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the merger and purchase of the report, so that the M&A team will be required to report to the user, and some of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. A reasonable price for the good product will be a way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone will pay will be in our interest.
Adding more investment elites from top universities around the world would also facilitate the M&A team's procurement of deeper industry data from a global perspective, allowing it to continue to refine and provide you with more dryer research. If you are interested in the [valued part] of this case, and more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code to get the case.
Details of valuation modelling, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as significant risk point tips, will be included.
No form of decision-making supports any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, is organized according to its laws, and does not endorse changes in the future, nor does it support any changes in the future. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness.
There are risks and research needs to be careful. 3) With regard to the theme: Financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only to the micro-trust platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating platforms.