Kang Einging's new energy vehicle sales continue to warm, as expected, and cloud-track operations are expanding in scope. New energy vehicle sales continue to warm out of the valley and are expected to grow in the second half of the year.
The future development of the cloud-track market is broad and promising. Mom-1.35 per cent; of these, 9140, yoy-4.87 per cent, Mom+42.4 per cent and 10,000, or 14.9 per cent and -30.8 per cent, respectively, are sold.
New-energy car sales continue to warm: re-examined at the beginning of the year by the new-energy vehicle promotion catalogue (part of new-energy vehicle sales are down). The new-energy-car sales ring ratio increased significantly in May, and the new plug-in power suv Sondm production started to be sold, with 2,068 vehicles sold and Bida sold.
In May, the company sold 4858, Mom+15%, plugged in 4009, Mom+95%, new energy source 373, Mom+70%. We expect that with the local subsidy policy of the new energy vehicle, we'll be on the ground and new.
The company's new energy vehicle sales are expected to return to positive growth in the second half of the year.
The methodology was consulted and showed that the system would be implemented in 2018 and that the new energy vehicles would have positive points, which would be freely traded between the enterprises using the vehicles, except for small-scale enterprises producing or importing less than 2,000 vehicles per year, which would benefit from the above-mentioned preferential policies in the period 2018-2020.
The share of the new energy vehicle component is to be implemented in accordance with the requirements of 8 per cent, 10 per cent, and 12 per cent, and the company ' s share of the new energy vehicle sales in 2016 was more than 20 per cent, well above this standard, and will benefit from a two-point trading system policy in the future.
The market space for cloud-track operations is wide: the company's cross-seat single-track “crowd” product, developed over five years, has signed orders with more than 10 cities, of which cloud tracks such as Kui, Guangan, Sinakawa, etc. have been set up, some of which will be completed by the end of the year. Cloud-tracking, as a product of the new generation, is worth more than one.
Largely superior to the subway, with large market space, more than 100 cities in the country are currently planning to build orbits, with a cloud track unit price of about 200-300 million km, which will give rise to a trillion-degree market size in the future.
The company is expected to recreate the multiplicity of advantages, such as lower costs.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.