Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Distribution operations break-out, design operations are robust, growing in the first half of the year
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated a total operating income of $1,895 million, designed a robust growth of operations and increased research and development to ensure continuous competitiveness. The first half of the year, the conductor generated $418 million in revenues, an increase of 37.74 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
tvs, mosfet, electricity, etc., companies have increased their R & D investment, upgraded their products, adapted them to market demand. There have also been breakthroughs in the fields of radio frequency, sensors, live broadcasts, broadband-borne wave chips.
High innovation in distribution sales is the main driver of high growth. The first half of the year, when the conductor had a stock/flow (million shares), enriched the agency line and made a breakthrough in the development of new customers.
A 12-month high/minimum increase in the price of missing goods is common, which also drives the outbreak growth of distribution operations. The company is expected to take the lead in 2017 when the price increase in powerable devices offers an opportunity to replace imports.
Since then, there has been a massive and sustained increase in the price of power devices due to inadequate supply and high demand, which has created an opportunity for fast-growing domestic power semiconductor enterprises to replace imports. For the company itself, a number of core technologies, such as tvs products, have reached the country.
At an internationally advanced level, product performance and quality are roughly the same as that of international manufacturers; second, companies manufacture seals in their own countries, with timely supply and relatively low logistics costs; and companies have the advantage of customer service. We believe that they benefit from the larger trend of semiconductor import substitution, the company semiconductor.
For the first time, it's covered with a "buy-in" rating. We're looking forward to the company's distribution and design.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report