China's China Metallurgy (601618.sh) Architecture/Professional Engineering Actively transforms the non-metallurgical sector, with a steady increase in the number of new contracts with each other
This represents an increase of 6.74 per cent; the net return to the mother is 3,549 million yuan, an increase of 5.71 per cent. Of this total, 49,716 million yuan was realized in the third quarter, an increase of 9.37 per cent in the same year; the net profit to the mother is 874 million yuan, a decrease in the same year, which is due to the increased cost of opening the company ' s market; the increase in the management rate is due to the increase in the cost of research and development;
Higher rates are the result of exchange rate movements leading to higher corporate exchange gains, and higher operating and investing cash outflows: net cash flows from operating activities in the first three quarters amounted to $14,078 million, more than in the same period last year.
11,134 million yuan is mainly due to higher annual increases in land transfer payments in the company’s production operations in second-tier cities. Net cash flows from investment activities in the last three quarters – 5984 million yuan – are overflowing 3,799 million yuan over the same period last year, mainly due to companies’ aggressive efforts to expand the market for ppps.
In September, the company signed a new contract with more than $500 million in major engineering contracts, municipal infrastructure, high-end housing, sector development, highways, orbital traffic, civil airports, etc.
Market openings in the non-metallurgical sector, especially in the city of orbital transport. In the first half of 2017, the Department signed a $7.9 billion project for the second phase of the Guiyang Track 2 project, which is 13 kilometres across the field and marks the company’s official entry into orbital transport investment.
• A positive shift in engineering contracting, and an enhanced lead for emerging industries: the company's positioning of “capital masters, emerging industry leaders” in the same way as capital construction.
In the area of urban underground polyclinics, companies have continued to build the brand of “medium-melt halls” after a number of major polyclinic projects, such as those in Chengzhou, Kunming, and filial filial. In the field of specialty engineering, companies are the only ones in the country that have a thematic park design and wage application.
In the area of Sponge City, the company relies on the entire industry for its chain advantage, and in the first half of the year, it marked the management of black and stinky water bodies under the Yuen Creek River in Yunnan Province and the SpongeBob project, pc.
Subcontracting and piloting the Lake One Ppp project in the Sponge City of the Precious New Zone. At the same time, companies are actively involved in the fields of beautiful villages, smart cities, water environmental governance, and well-being, which are emerging industries that will continue to optimize the company’s product structure or become new growth poles of performance.
Focusing on the resource value of mesometallurgical, seriously underestimating the industry's continued optimization, ppp, and halls driving future production chart 1: Changes in corporate operating income in a single quarter (billions of dollars)