Performance is bright, and the status of the n-assembly highlights the fact that Crystal Energy (688223), Inc., published three-quarterly reports in 2023, and 2023q1-q3 achieved operating income of 8597 million.
\triangleright has a total of 55.7gw, of which 52.2gw for components and 3.5gw for silicon and battery tablets, with a total increase of 86.91% over the same period last year. As of 2023q3, the company
The production capacity of the N-topcon battery exceeded 55gw, with a large-scale yield efficiency of 25.6 per cent on average. At present, in the context of full hand orders, the company expects the output of the components to be 75gw in the fourth quarter.
Production capacity continues to expand, accelerating the construction of Shanxi integration bases. Company n production capacity continues to rise, and the company expects its silicon, battery and component capacity to reach 56gw vertical integration by the end of 2023.
The base project, which is divided into four phases with a construction cycle of about two years, with each phase of construction being a project for the integration of sticks, slices, batteries and components of 14gw, and we expect that the Shanxi base will continue to raise the global market position of the company and maintain the corporate industry.
In terms of storage, companies release a new generation of liquid and cold industrial and industrial storage solutions, produce a number of global summits, and central Asian storage projects are delivered for the first time. In addition, companies are actively involved in product innovation, integrating light buildings.
(bipv) The field is expanding to provide a variety of tailor-made programmes for clients in various sectors, including health, education and food, taking into account power generation performance and aesthetic design, and enabling national-level project demonstration projects \triangleright \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Less photovoltaic demand, less penetration of n components, less exposure to expected risks, \triangleright joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research in the photovolt industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindashian voucher research centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new energy car dealership, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, responsible for non-relationship, non-relationship and direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.