Deutsche Bank
Research
Date
Rating
Company
Qingdao Haier
Company Update
Asia
China
Exchange Ticker
Reuters
Bloomberg
Consumer
600690.SS
600690 CH
SHH
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Market presence, opportunities and
John Chou
Anne Ling
strategies
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
Leading market share; growth in kitchen and EU; SmartHome and execution
Following the recent company announcement regarding an IPO in the German
market, we have prepared this report to help investors better understand the
Price/price relative
company and the industry. In this report we analyse Qingdao Haier's
competitive positioning, with a focus on (1) peer comparison; (2) kitchen and
EU growth opportunities; and (3) Haier's strategies to grow Smart Home
solutions while improving execution. Please note we are restricted on the
stock.
Balanced product portfolio and strong brand presence globally
Compared with its major Chinese competitors in the white goods segment,
Midea and Gree, Qingdao Haier commands a more balanced revenue mix
between washing machine, refrigerator and air conditioner (Figure 2).
Haier also focuses on branded revenue (minimal contract manufacturing;
Figure 3) and has one of the strongest track records in acquiring and
building brands (Figure 4).
Haier's business focus has secured a leading market presence globally
(Figs. 7-9 China, Figs. 22-39 global), with expanding market share. We
note that Haier is the only white goods company to command top-five
market share positions in China, the US, SEA and North Asia.
Financially, Qingdao Haier's revenue growth profile has been more stable
than those of Midea and Gree (Figure 13), with a strong gross margin. Yet,
Qingdao Haier's opex-to-sales ratio is materially higher than peers' due to
its different business structure (discussed below).
Growth opportunities: kitchen and Europe market share expansion
Qingdao Haier plans to expand its share in global kitchen appliances
markets, leveraging its premium brands (Casarte and Fisher & Paykel).
Kitchen appliances are already a significant market when compared to
traditional white goods. Euromonitor estimates China's kitchen appliances
market is even bigger than washing machine (Figure 41).
Qingdao Haier has announced a target of attaining a top-five market share
in Europe by 2022 (vs. currently ninth place with a 2.3% share, Figure 42).
In our view, the EU is a more scattered market than China or the US, while
Qingdao Haier's multi-brand strategy will help its expansion.
Smart Home strategy and improving execution
By selling a solution in a bundle to consumers (vs. previously selling single
items), Qingdao Haier aims to achieve market share gains and improved
consumer loyalty. It is crucial to drive consumers' return purchases as
replacement demand continues to rise against slowing new home sales.
Haier conducts its business through both Qingdao Haier and Haier
Electronics, forming a different business structure (Figure 50). Haier has
been aligning the two entities' business goals to enhance execution.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the obDistributed on: 05/10/2018 16:45:48 GMT
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 091/04/2018. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND
REGULATIONS OF PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Peer comparison and
market presence
Qingdao Haier vs. local champions
Qingdao Haier's differentiation: (1) balanced revenue mix; (2) focus on own-
brand revenue; and (3) leading multi-brand portfolio
Balanced product portfolio, including washing machines, refrigerators, air
conditioners, kitchen appliances, etc. (although significantly smaller
revenues than Midea, which has a much larger air conditioner business
than Qingdao Haier).
Source: Deutsche Bank, company data, for full year 2017 *including kitchen appliances, small home
Source: Deutsche Bank, company data, for full year 2017 *including kitchen appliances, small home
appliances and logistics ** considering core revenue only
appliances and logistic ** considering core revenue only
branded
business:
strong
overseas
almost
contract
manufacturing business, either domestically or overseas. Qingdao
Haier's global branded revenue has been further reinforced since the
acquisition of GEA (GE Appliances, the second-largest home
appliances brand in the US). We show a revenue breakdown by
geography in a later section of this report (Figure 53).
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Leading multi-brand strategy: Qingdao Haier is one of the first in the
industry to build a multi-brand portfolio. It has successfully created a
premium brand, Casarte.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company data, Notes: Red= acquired brands or joint ventures, Bold= important brands today (Casarte, GE, Fisher
Paykel, Little Swan, Toshiba)
Source: Deutsche Bank, company data
Qingdao Haier's market presence in China: (1) strong market share in washing
machine and refrigerator; and (2) solid ASP growth
Strong position in washing machine and refrigerator segment, relatively
small presence in air conditioning.
The company has achieved strong ASP growth in China
Source: Deutsche Bank, AVC, 2017 average ASP ranking and yoy
Source: Deutsche Bank, AVC, 2017 average ASP ranking and yoy
Source: Deutsche Bank, AVC, 2017 average ASP ranking and yoy
Qingdao Haier's financial performance: (1) more stable revenue growth profile;
(2) comparable gross margin in key segments; (3) higher opex-to-sales ratio
More stable revenue growth compared to peers: this essentially reflects
Qingdao Haier's greater revenue exposure to washing machine and
refrigerator (segments that are less sensitive to the property cycle; Figure
15 and Figure 16).
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, China IOL, NBS
Higher opex-to-revenue ratio: we attribute Qingdao Haier's higher opex-to-
revenue ratio to its heavier investments in Smart Home, as well as its
different business structure (Figure 50 & Figure 51): Qingdao Haier co-
works with Haier Electronics to produce and distribute its products, which
is discussed in more detail in page 16 this report.
Increasing selling expenses-to-revenue: likely due to increased investments
in the distribution channel to help improve distributors' efficiency.
Haier vs. international players
Haier: a true global brand
We summarize below the global top players and their market share, as
estimated by Euromonitor. The most important takeaway is that Haier
(including GEA and Fisher & Paykel brands) is the only company that
commands significant market share in washing machine, refrigerator and air
conditioner in almost all major markets. Note that Midea and Gree do not
command significant market share in overseas markets. We believe this stems
from the duo's heavier focus on contract manufacturing, vs. Qingdao Haier's
branded strategy.
(1) Washing machine market share in key markets (the charts below illustrate
the change in market share):
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-10-08T01:32+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
(2) Refrigerator market share in key markets (below charts illustrate the
change in market share):
Source: Deutsche Bank, Euromonitor
(3) Air conditioner: market share in key markets (below charts illustrate the
change in market share):
Source: Deutsche Bank, Euromonitor
Source: Deutsche Bank, Euromonitor
Qingdao Haier stacked up well in terms of operating margin vs. global peers in
2017 although we note that this was not the case in 2016. Margins across the
peer group generally fell in 2017 YoY, likely due to rising raw material costs
while margins for Qingdao Haier improved slightly due to better control of raw
material costs and increased wholesale prices to pass on the additional costs.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data, Note: for Qingdao Haier, we use consolidated DB operating margin (gross margin less
OPEX-to-revenue ratio).
Growth opportunities
Identifying Haier's global growth opportunities
Top growth markets: (1) SEA; and (2) China kitchen appliances
Based on Euromonitor's forecasts (Figure 41), we have identified the South
East Asia and China kitchen appliances markets as being the most lucrative
opportunities (decent market scale with strong growth outlook). We also note
that China's kitchen appliances market is a very scattered market. This could
provide an opportunity for more resourceful new entrants (like Qingdao Haier)
to consolidate the market and take market share. Although China's air
conditioner market is seen by Euromonitor as a key growth opportunity in the
global white goods industry, we do not expect Qingdao Haier to increase its
investment significantly in this market due to the heavy competition and
Haier's lack of scale. We expect Qingdao Haier to stay as a niche player
targeting the premium split-type air conditioner markets in China.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Euromonitor (Circle size= 2017 market size)
Identify markets with significant scale while Haier's market share remains low:
Haier's ambitions for Europe
EU: a more scattered market requiring multi-brand strategy
We attribute Haier's lower market share in Western Europe (Figure 42) to the
market nature - a more scattered market. Haier plans to leverage its multi-
brand portfolio to capture opportunities in the scattered market.
Goals and strategies
Goal: 2022 market share: Qingdao Haier announced a target to garner
top-five market share in Europe by 2022 (vs. ninth place currently with
2.3% share, Figure 42), according to its analyst meeting on 31 May
Strategies: three key markets
(1) Western Europe: Haier plans to upgrade its products, especially
refrigerator and washing machine. Management believes its new
premium brands (GEA and Fisher & Paykel) alongside improving
the Haier brand image will fulfil these goals.
(2) Russia: Haier aims to expand domestic production to drive key
segments, including high-end refrigerator.
(3) Eastern Europe: Haier plans to follow the Russia model to boost
domestic production.
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
China's cyclical downtrend will eventually ease, while US
economy remains robust
China air conditioner cyclical downtrend is our main concern, but Qingdao
Haier's exposure is less significant
We expect China's air conditioner over-inventory issue to push the industry
into a destocking mode. If we use the 2015 downcycle as an example, it could
take 12-24 months to clear the excessive channel inventory. Having said that,
Qingdao Haier's exposure to air conditioner is less significant vs. Midea and
Gree (see "Key Risk" section for discussions on China air conditioner market).
China washing machine and refrigerator growth still driven by ASP
Management indicated sustainable washing machine and refrigerator revenue
growth during the 1H18 earnings call. This is driven by ASP upgrades and
better functionality (penetration of washer-drier). Latest revenue growth in
1H18 as well as China Market Monitor data also suggest that Qingdao Haier is
taking washing machine market share in China from Midea & Little Swan using
its Casarte brand.
China kitchen appliances: the long-term story remains intact
Key players (Robam and Fotile) saw the impact from property market
slowdown. However, we think this headwind provides an important
opportunity for more resourceful home appliances groups to enter the kitchen
appliances market to take market share. In addition, based on previous
property cycles, we expect the kitchen appliances headwind to ease along with
recovering property transaction growth.
US economic growth remains resilient
Qingdao Haier, via GEA, has more than 20% revenue exposure to the US. DB
economists forecast a resilient 2.9%/2.7% GDP growth in 2018/2019.
Trade war risks
Industry impact: we worry more about price hikes and reduced demand
Direct impact appears limited: The latest tariff list from the US
(announced on September 17 2018) included most of China's white
goods, except for washing machines (Figure 43). China's home
appliances exports to the US are less significant, especially air
conditioners (both split type and central type) and washing machines
(Figure 44). We are also less concerned about other countries taking
significant share from China's appliances manufacturers, due to
China's leading scale and market share (Figure 45).
Source: Deutsche Bank, China IOL
But, we worry about increased costs hurting demand: China is the
biggest supplier of compressors globally (for both air conditioners and
refrigerators, Figure 45) and one of the top motor makers. As a result,
the tariff could increase global home appliances costs. Whirlpool
indicated that the tariff could increase the costs of its dishwashers,
which are made in Ohio, US (Nikkei News, dated 18 September 2018).
If home appliances brands increase prices to pass on the additional
costs, this might reduce consumer demand.
Qingdao Haier's impact: current operations intact, but synergies hindered
Current operation intact: Qingdao Haier's global factories (especially
those held by GEA) will help hedge it from the China-US trade
disputes. We estimate Qingdao Haier's exports from China to the US
account for less than 5% of its revenue.
Co-procurement and production synergy affected: however, the
additional tariff could affect Qingdao Haier's plan to shift GEA's
manufacturing and raw material procurement back to China. Our
calculation suggests a 10% tariff (the proposed tariff by the US
government, to-be increased to 25% starting 1 January 2019) could
increase GEA's costs by more than RMB2bn (if shifting production in
China and export to the US), more than offsetting the guided cost
saving (by management) of RMB1bn.
Suspending plans to introduce GEA in China: Qingdao Haier has
reportedly announced that it will no longer sell made-in-US GEA
products in China (Financial Times, dated 20 September 2018). We
note that the original plan was to introduce GEA's premium collection
(especially kitchen appliances) in China. As a result, we now expect
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-10-08T01:32+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Qingdao Haier to rely more on Casarte and Fisher & Paykel for the
premium segments.
Smart Home strategy and
execution turnaround
Smart Home = selling bundled solutions
Benefits of selling a solution: (1) market share gain; and (2) consumer
stickiness
As replacement demand continues to outpace new purchases (in
China), home appliances players shift their focus from selling
appliances to selling bundled solutions. For example, this could
include water heater & purifier and/or air conditioners with sensors to
detect movements.
Such bundle sales benefits brands' market share and, more
importantly, enables more return purchases by consumers.
Haier's advantage to drive Smart Home: product and brand portfolio
Haier's leadership in refrigerator and washing machine, on top of innovative
product offerings in air conditioner (self-cleaning) and kitchen appliances
(embedded products) allow it to provide a more comprehensive solution
(please refer to Figure 22 to Figure 39, in which we highlight Qingdao Haier's
balanced leading market share in major markets). This is a major advantage
when compared to other home appliances players (Samsung SmartThings, LG
SmartThinQ, Midea M-Smart), in our view.
Haier's initiative to execute the Smart Home strategy:
A software platform to accommodate all the connected appliances:
Haier U+ (operating system: UHomeOS)
A manufacturing system that caters to tailor-made demands:
COSMOPlat
Corporate culture: RenDanHeYi (人單合一): realigning every
employee's KPIs to focus on consumer satisfaction (see discussions
below).
Execution turnaround: aligning Qingdao Haier and Haier
Electronics' business goals
Qingdao Haier and Haier Electronics: a different business structure
Haier Electronics (56%-owned by Qingdao Haier) is closely embedded
into Qingdao Haier's business to operate manufacturing, logistics and
distribution.
Haier's business structure is very different from those of Midea and
Gree (Figure 50 & Figure 51).
Currently, Haier Electronics' main responsibilities are related to
distribution and logistics (on top of washing machine and water heater
manufacturing).
As a result, we witnessed frequent related party transactions between
Qingdao Haier, Haier Electronics and the private parent company:
(Figure 49)
(1) On the procurement side: Qingdao Haier's financial report records
significant related party procurement from the private parent
company.
(2) On the sales side, the recorded related party transactions are limited.
We believe some of Qingdao Haier's related sales with Haier
Electronics are not recorded in the financial statement: as Qingdao
Haier consolidates Haier Electronics, so the transactions between the
two entities will be eliminated.
Figure 49: Related party transactions summary (please see important
footnotes)
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data, *due to the format of disclosure, we may overestimate the transaction value ** this could
be overestimated as some of the service purchase may be recognized under expenses.
In the past, Qingdao Haier management operated more on KPIs
branding and manufacturing. Haier Electronics'
related to
performance, on the other hand, is measured more by logistics and
channel management.
Such "misalignments" partly explained Qingdao Haier's higher opex-
to-revenue ratio vs. peers (Figure 20, Figure 21 and Figure 40).
Qingdao Haier and Haier Electronics' business goals started to
integrate under the RenDanHeYi (人單合一) guideline since 2015-2016.
RenDanHeYi has significantly adjusted both Qingdao Haier and Haier
Electronics' business goals to focus on consumer satisfaction. In our
view, this strengthens the cooperation between the two companies
and will drive better execution.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
Earnings drivers
Income statement
We project 10% revenue CAGR in 2018 and 2019E, driven by:
A high-single-digit ASP increase for key segments including refrigerator,
washing machine and air conditioners. Note: most of the ASP increases
stem from mix upgrades (washing machine: rising drum-type and washer-
drier penetration, refrigerator: rising large capacity French-door
refrigerators, air conditioner: increased presence of Haier's proprietary
self-cleaning technology).
High-single-digit volume growth for washing machine and refrigerator,
reflecting the increased market share from Casarte.
Note that we are more conservative on kitchen appliances revenue
(3)
growth in 2018; this is to reflect the drag from the slowdown in China's
property market (note we use DB China property team's official forecasts,
which estimate a 5% yoy decline in China's new housing GFA in 2018).
However, we expect kitchen appliances growth rates to recover in 2019E.
(4) FX assumptions: the majority of Qingdao Haier's revenue is from China (in
RMB). For the company's export business (excluding GEA), it is
denominated in local currency. For GEA, the revenue comes mainly from
the US and is denominated in USD. We use DB's house view on FX rates
in our model. As suggested by Figure 60, we expect recent RMB/USD
moves to be positive for Qingdao Haier's revenue.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
We project 17% EBIT CAGR in 2018 and 2019E, driven by:
(1) Improved gross margin by 1.3ppt and 0.1ppt yoy in 2018 and 2019. This is
driven by better business mix, margin improvements at key business
segments (due to product upgrades) and easing raw material cost
pressure.
(2) Cost analysis: we expect Qingdao Haier's cost pressure to improve as the
price of key raw materials stabilise (Figure 63 to Figure 66).
(3) We forecast EBIT margin to be driven by gross margin expansion. We
expect Qingdao Haier to control its opex-to-revenue ratio due to better
operating efficiency.
We project 17% earnings CAGR in 2018 and 2019E, driven by EBIT growth
We expect Qingdao Haier's earnings growth to be similar vs. EBIT growth.
While Midea and Gree have stronger earnings growth, we attribute part of
their growth to the significant interest income from lending to their distributors
(see reports on Midea [link] and Gree [link]). We note that the lending business
could increase investors' risk exposure to the air conditioners downcycle.
Note that most of the minority interest is from Qingdao Haier's un-owned
stake in Haier Electronics (44% in Haier Electronics).
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Trade war impact
In our base case model, we assume RMB500m of synergy from GEA cost
savings (producing GEA products in China) in 2019. As discussed in page 12,
the modelled synergy could face downside risks.
Balance sheet
Healthy working capital conditions
We expect Qingdao Haier to continue leveraging its strong bargaining power
to drive accounts payable days. We forecast the bargaining power to be
strengthened with Qingdao Haier's improved scale, after it integrates the
sourcing of GEA and Fisher & Paykel.
Overseas debt and management's efforts to refinance
We believe that Qingdao Haier has incurred overseas debt during the
acquisition of GEA (this is our estimate based on management's public
guidance on the transaction). During the acquisition, management indicated
that 60% of the USD5.4bn consideration would be financed by bank loans. To
refinance the borrowing, Qingdao Haier announced (on 7 November 2017) it
would issue a HKD8bn convertible bond. We forecast Qingdao Haier to further
improve its financial leverage. As of 1H18, Qingdao Haier disclosed over
USD3bn of debt in USD, representing 60% of the USD5.4bn acquisition
consideration, in our view. Such USD-denominated debt accounts for 66% of
Qingdao Haier's total debt, based on our calculation.
Source: company data, compiled by Deutsche Bank
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company data
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-10-08T01:32+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
(1) Weaker market share expansion in EU: would hinder the company's
growth.
(2) Trade war intensifying (see above section "Trade war risks").
Less favourable USDCNY FX rate: we expect limited impact on gross
(3)
margin (see below for calculation), but greater impact on non-operating
loss (from balance sheet).
Qingdao Haier
Source: company data, compiled by Deutsche Bank
(4) Less favourable raw material prices
Qingdao Haier
SWOT & background
Figure 68: Company history
Source: Company data, compiled by Deutsche Bank
GEA acquisition background
Qingdao Haier announced on 15 January 2016 that it had reached an
agreement with GE to acquire the entire asset and liability of GE's home
appliances business for a cash consideration of USD5.4bn (40%/60% financed
by Qingdao Haier's cash in hand/bank borrowing). According to Qingdao
Haier, the valuation of the acquisition is 8.2x EV/EBITDA, vs. global home
appliances transaction comp of 8-10x.
At the time of acquisition, GEA was the second-largest home appliance brand
in the US, with a focus on kitchen appliances, refrigerators and washing
machines (Figure 71 & Figure 72).
GEA has manufacturing bases in five states in the US (laundry, dishwasher and
refrigerators in Louisville, Kentucky; refrigeration in Alabama and kitchen
appliances in Georgia), with 12,000 employees.
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Figure 73: Management profile
Source: Company annual report, compiled by Deutsche Bank
Valuation: trading multiples
and refer to column "DB rating".
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP consensus Note: we calculate the PER using
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP consensus. Note: we calculate the PER using
the Bloomberg Finance LP consensus earnings at each point of time in the history. This tells us what
the Bloomberg Finance LP consensus earnings at each point of time in the history. This tells us what
multiples that investors are willing to pay based on the consensus earnings at that particular time.
multiples that investors are willing to pay based on the consensus earnings at that particular time.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP consensus Note: we calculate the PER using
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP consensus Note: we calculate the PER using
the Bloomberg Finance LP consensus earnings at each point of time in the history. This tells us what
the Bloomberg Finance LP consensus earnings at each point of time in the history. This tells us what
multiples that investors are willing to pay based on the consensus earnings at that particular time.
multiples that investors are willing to pay based on the consensus earnings at that particular time.
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
found at
before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Please also refer to disclosures in the Important Disclosures Required by US Regulators and the Explanatory Notes.
13. As of the end of the preceding week, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) owns one percent or more of a class of
common equity securities of this company.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. John Chou
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield), we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
for
the
responsible
accuracy
security
controls
those
websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank
its
may
act
principal
for
own
account
agent
for
another
person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies,
perspectives or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers
it writes on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes
investment
banking,
trading
and
principal
trading
revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings.
and can be found on the general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a
high-conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector
over a time frame of no less than two weeks and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may
occasionally discuss with our clients, and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the
frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the
Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is
provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial
instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of
the analyst's judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are
subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and
other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in
exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are
current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and
other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
available
website
Disclaimer.
under
our
research
are
our
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income
instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX
depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may - by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons
indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency
that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks
options
addition
risks
related
typical
the
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax
position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take
expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed
exchange controls, which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any
information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial
Supervisory
Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional
Information" section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without
limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and
7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. The transmission of research through DEIPL is
Deutsche Bank's determination and will not make a recipient a client of DEIPL. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may
have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
"Shareholdings"
section
the
Annual
Report
at:
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity
analysts
based
12-month
forecast
are
Korea:
Distributed
Deutsche
Securities
Korea
Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
Africa:
1998/003298/10).
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in
the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
Branch
may
not
execute
transactions
for
clients
these
securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
Faisaliah
Tower
17th
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as
defined
Dubai
Financial
Services
Authority.
the
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report
has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data,
facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior
approval from Research Management, analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of
travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the
Retail / Wholesale Trade
Qingdao Haier
like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team,
analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
Steve Pollard
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Kinner Lakhani
Joe Liew
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Head of Research - Germany
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America